I've been here regularly over the last at least 20 years (because I went to school with the kids of the owner) i love the lunch buffet but it is really hot or miss every day of the week depending on who the cook is. I've gone here multiple times a week to come to this conclusion. I love this place most of the time and I really recommend it most of the time.笑
In my mind, there are two types of Indian restaurants in the Valley that I can afford to eat at.  There's the ones in strip malls that typically feature a grouchy old man behind the counter and a huge TV displaying Indian MTV or soap operas, and largely do-it-yourself service. (See: Kohinoor)

If I'm feeling like spoiling myself, I'll take the next jump up to the places with painted walls, friendly waitstaff, and a-la-carte style menus instead of "specials."

After a long day at work and in hippy progressive meetings, me and my beyonce decided to try Indian Delhi Palace, which is an excellent example of the latter.

The waiters were attentive without  being overbearing, and the complimentary appetizer - I always forget the name - the crispy, slightly sweet cracker thingamajig with the green sauce? - was yummy.  And the samosas we started off with were also great.  Not overly greasy or soggy or stale like a lot of Indian places.

The palak paneer is wonderful!  Ask for it spicy if you are a fan of spicy foods.  The creamy spinach flavor doesn't become overbearingly hot, but has a pleasant spicy aftertaste that mixes perfectly with their garlic naan, served fresh, of the soft and chewy variety that I prefer.

RE: The people who miss paneer... The paneer was definitely on the skimpy side, but I didn't mind.  The taste was definitely still there - perhaps they blend it in more than other restaurants?  Anyway, if you are a huge fan of blocks of paneer in your food, you might want to mention as such to your server.

The lady ordered vegetable bhriyani, which is sort of our Indian comfort food, and it didn't disappoint.  Flavorful rice with tons of veggies.

Indian Delhi Palace has good food, good service, and an atmosphere that will embrace you like a vampire who feeds off of stress instead of blood.笑
Dropped by for the weekend lunch buffet (I have been here twice now for the lunch buffet). The decor inside is nice, so it is good for both casual and less formal events. The service is also attentive and will continue to refill drinks and replace empty dishes. The complimentary naan that comes with the lunch is great and is replenished often (I tend to eat a lot of naan and they were very accommodating). My favorite dish is the chicken tikka masala, which has great flavor and the meat itself is cooked tenderly.  

One con that really stood out to me was the lack of variety. Although the flavors and tastes of the available entrees were great, there wasn't much room for different types of food. I would estimate that there are 4 meats (the most recent time I went, there were only 2 chicken dishes and 2 lamb dishes) and maybe 4 vegetarian options. Unlike other Indian buffets, there was also only regular white rice (briyani). 

Aside from the lower amount of entrees, the food and service was great. I will be back for more of the delicious chicken tikka masala.笑
after a hard day of racing go karts at octane, we stopped in here for a lunch break. 

it is sunday and they have a buffet for 10 bucks. i was quite impressed with the buffet offerings. there is chikpea salad (ok, not great), about 6 curry meat options, and 4 curry vegetable offerings along with the basmati rice, and 2 desert options. 

i enjoyed all the veggie options. the curries were thick and full of lentils/spinach/potatoe, etc. the rice was fluffy, despite being in a buffet. even the pudding desert dish, with cashews and raisins was tasty. a bit sweet, but good. 

there are about 6 chutneys and sauces to compliment your dish if you choose. i always like the yogurt ones. the achar was way too salty for me. our indian guest was well pleased and we took that as a good sign. 

they passed the water glass test with flying colors. very formal interiors and the staff was quiet, yet polite and professional. a great dining spot for curry lovers. i have eaten off the menu before and thoroughly enjoyed it as well.笑
Went out to dinner here our last night in Scottsdale. When we were seated our waiter barely talked to us. When it came time to order we trying to make decision not know some of the dishes as this was our first time at this restaurant. We were treated like we were "idiots" because we were asking so many questions and didnt know much about the food. Then when we asked how hot their number system was our waiter looked at us like "everyone knows the scale". Well my husband ordered his food and when it came it was way to hot to eat so my husband asked it they could do something about it and he mumbled something and brought some yougart to help. 
We go to Scottsdale often and will defiantly not be going back to this restaurant. The food was okay but the customer service was not good.笑
GREAT Indian food ever will be back for sure 

Holly in San Diego

Synergy World笑
I have to eat here every time I'm in Phoenix. The food is great and served in copper dishes; the water is always flowing,both in the fountain and I your water glass,  and the waiters are all Sikh, and very professional. I always get the lamb korma, so I can't vouch for the other food, except for the great basmati rice and garlic naan. The Tandoori chicken a friend ordered was a little dry, but the waiter did warn her.笑
I've always liked this place,  and never *loved* it...     What's not to love about tasty food prepared well for a fair price?   Nothing I guess...     maybe I always come at the wrong time of day or something.  

Apparently the owners also run my favorite Indian kitchen in Las Vegas (India Masala) - but the context is different.笑
I went for dinner on a Monday night with a business colleague and ordered the snacks appetizer and non-vegetarian dinner.  Overall, everything tasted like dried-out, salty left-overs from the lunch buffet.  The service was also very poor with only one other table of guests in the restaurant.  Our drinks came at the end of the meal after finally getting a hold of our inattentive waiter.  I was here many years ago before they put all of their money into the building.  I guess none of their investment stayed in the quality of the food that I remember.  I sought this place out again while on my business trip, but now I regret it.笑
Everything I've ordered here has been pretty good. My main compliant is that there is a great amount of variability within the same dish depending on the day. This variability includes flavors, texture, spice level and ingredients. Sometimes the dish is fantastic and sometimes it is only OK. We continue to come here because the food is usually pretty good, the turnaround for pick-up orders is quick, there is plenty of parking, the food is moderately priced AND there is nothing near us that is any better (for cost/easy of pickup). Definitively room for improvement here. Additionally, rice does not come with the curries; you are charged 3.50 extra.笑
So I had a toothache.  Heard that clover oil worked.  This lead my search for a local ethnic store and I voila: The Indian Delhi Palace.  They actually have a small grocery store attached to the restaurant.

As I entered the restaurant my world was curry.  My toothache disappeared and I wanted to sit down and grub. 

Beautiful decor:  Very Indian, nice table sets and even nicer glass goblets and interesting utensils.  

Service was excellent.  The curry chicken was DELISH.  Everything is A la carte.  So be prepared to pay for rice as a side dish.  

I could've sworn the mango drink was freshly made.  Great companion to the spicy dish.  Ah the sweet and spicy.

Between my date and I everything came up to about 30 bucks. 

If we had came in just an hour earlier it would've been 20 because of the buffet.  Oh well next time.  And there will be a next time.

Check out the grocery store as well.  They cater to those who want to prepare their own Indian variations.

My hunny promises he will be my guinea pig.笑
Delicious food, not too spicy, lovely decor, pleasant service. I've been here many times. Great place!笑
I went here for lunch on a Sunday. The parking lot had quite a few cars, but I got right in. :-) 

I got the buffet and had the chick peas salad (very good), chicken tikka masala (flavor was great, but the chicken was slightly dry), goat masala (this was amazing), and their tandoori chicken (which was some of the best I have had). Overall a great lunch. 

Would have done 5 stars if it wasn't for the dry chicken tikka.笑
The place was dead when we got there at 7pm, we were the only table there. For starters the samosas were very small for the price and the exterior crust overly thin and the filling was very crumbly with no flavour. My palak paneer came with no rice...has to pay $5 extra for it which made that more expensive than my friend's chicken dish wtf??? And to top off this whole experience I have not been able to be more than 10 ft from the bathroom today :-) There have to be better places elsewhere...笑
Interesting take on chicken tikka masala. I've traveled a lot and probably eaten at 20-30 Indian restaurants in the past few years and this is the brownest chicken tikka I've eaten. The flavor was decent, just not typical chicken tikka. The buffet was small but ok. The tandoori chicken was a bit dry.  The nan was great and fresh but they were slow in bringing more out. 

Why is the Indian food in the greater Phoenix area so mediocre?  

I'll probably be back since it's close to my work but I'm still looking for great Indian food in Phoenix area!笑
Finally, another Indian restaurant in Phoenix worth praising (Udupi is my other spot) -- we stopped in after work this evening for a quick bite, expecting the usual bagged frozen veggies in watered-down curry.  What we had was a hearty, flavorful, fresh, vegetarian meal. There is plenty of meat on the menu as well.

My wife and I both ordered the Vegetable Korma, which was full of fresh veggies in a rich, aromatic curry. We tried two different breads -- one was doughy and stuffed with cauliflower and the other was a crispy whole wheat. They were totally different from each other, yet both were fantastic.

Each staff member was friendly, responsive and never devoid of a smile. A nice, intimate atmosphere, perfect for a quiet and economical meal.  I will certainly be back soon... and will consider becoming a regular.笑
I cooked dinner at home the last four nights in a row... this may be a record for me.  No joke!  We eat out way too much.  But, as a reward for all of my cooking as of late, my husband took me out to dinner tonight.

I suggested we try Indian Delhi Palace, and he agreed!

We walked in and were immediately greeted by Nick, Mr. Delhi Palace's son.  Nick is a college student with one hell of a sense of humor.  The banter between him and Jared made for one comical meal.  

Here's what we ate:
-Garlic Naan
-Peas Pulaou (Basmati Rice cooked with Peas)
-Fresh Okra with Sliced Onions, gentle Herbs and mild Spices
-Bengan Bhartha (Eggplant roasted in a delightful pulp, seasoned with Gentle Herbs and Mild Spices)
-Shrimp Tikka Masala
-Kheer (Basmati Rice Pudding sprinkled with almonds and Pistachio)

Everything was extremely tasty, especially the okra and shrimp dishes.  I normally do not like dishes that have onion in them, but pretty much everything we had contained a lot of it.  And actually, I still liked it!

The serving sizes were large, so we took home leftovers.  The price was a bit steep ($60 out the door), but we really enjoyed it.  I think this will be my new "go-to" place for Indian food, and my new "go-to" place for dinner when I pick up friends and family at the airport around dinner time.

As a side note, the Indian Delhi Palace building also has a large banquet room upstairs that Nick showed us upon our inquiry... it has a capacity of 250 and it's really nice.  Future Yelp event potential, perhaps?  We'll see about that.笑
Amazing! Extremely friendly staff. The chicken curry, naan, sweet red honey balls and bread pudding were incredible.笑
Excellent food, very authentic. We love the garlic naan and every main dish we have ever ordered have been flavorful and delicious.  We like the fact that each of us can order our own degree of spiciness.  The atmosphere is charming and the service has always been warm and friendly. We highly recommend the Indian Delhi Palace.笑
Delivery order was canceled ONE BLOCK from my house. Had to dispute the charge with my credit card company. Called IDP and they didn't give a sh*^, which is exactly how their food probably would've tasted! These are not ethical people. Stay away笑
I am hoping for a little bit of London here in Phoenix with this Indian Resturant. Fingers crossed!!!!笑
It was our first time here so we had to have the defaults to judge the quality.  Everything was well prepared and spiced well.  You can actually taste the flavor of the spices and the heat doesn't kick in till you stop eating.  Any other restaurant we can normally eat super spicey, but we went conservative of 4 out of 10 and that was perfect.  The food is hearty stick to your ribs.  Two dishes, a rice and two naans was enough food for three plus enough leftover for a fourth diner.  So even though the prices are a bite high, it works out in the end.

Mango Lassi - creamy and refreshing, not too sweet
Chicken Masala - sauce was a little thick but well spiced
Malai Kofta - sauce was a better consistency but was not a fan of the homemade cheese balls
Peas Pulaou - ok
Plain and Garlic Naan - both good but the garlic one kicks it up a notch.笑
This restaurant probably has to be the most overrated India eatery in Arizona! Went with my family for a weekend lunch buffet and was thoroughly disappointed. The food was stale and the service was really bad.

The fact that our waiter who waited on us had a frown on his face the whole time that we were there made the experience even more horrible.

Can't see how others keep going back to this place :-(

Have to agree with Elizabeth L. about getting some good Indian food in Phoenix!笑
Went to the buffet, none of the tastes good expect naan. Potato curry smelled bad and they removed it after complaining. Items are not fresh.笑
This is an excellent Indian Restraunt serving northern Indian food. Lived in Nyc and San Francisco and their food is comparable to those cities. We've tried other Indian Restraunts all over Phoenix and this one stands out as the best. Also has very attentive and excellent service.笑
I love Indian food. This place is yummy. I had the chicken masala :). The staff was super nice and happy. One thing that I love as much as good food is good service! ;)笑
Had a craving for Indian food in the area and decided to try this place out. The ambiance was very Indian-themed and provided a nice environment. The host and the staff were inviting and friendly but not talkative, which was perfectly fine.

As for the food, I had the lunch buffet which included a sampling of the goat korma, aloo matar, tandoori chicken, and chicken tikka masala. They also provided a fresh piece of buttered naan bread on the side which was good but not amazing as it was a bit doughy than how I usually have had my naan. The chicken tikka masala was good but the chicken was slightly dry. The tandoori chicken was great as it was flavorful and moist. The goat korma was decent, as it was pretty similar to the lamb korma's that i have had before. The aloo matar was also very tasty.

Overall the meal was enjoyable and the buffet was quite fresh as none of the dishes tasted old (I cannot say the same about copper kettle's buffet). The price is reasonable a for the amount of food.

As for comparisons, I believe The Dhaba is better quality and flavor wise but they don't have buffets and they are pricier than most Indian restaurants. Copper Kettle had better naan but this place has them beat in freshness and cleanliness.笑
Very good food.  They accommodated my request for party of 12.  
The only concerns were they didn't ask what spice level we wanted and put everyone at a 5/meduim.  Many of us couldn't finish the food.  I decided to torture myself later because it was so good...but so spicy.
Also they didn't allow separate checks.  They seemed to have issues taking various forms of payment. I am waiting for reconciliation to see what actually comes through my account.笑
Delicious!  Rarely do I get Indian food spices enough...and this place did it.   Cute decor as well.笑
This is place is AWESOME! Don't get why it's not rated higher. They have Delicious Vegetable Curry and really good lunch buffet. The Naan is off the HOOK. Everyone I know that has eaten here loves it and this place has been awarded by NEW TIMES as well. Seriously you should come here. I usually get take out because I have small kids but the service is always great and the food is Delicious.笑
I had the chicken korma. It's was very good. It just reminded me that I don't have Indian food nearly enough. It is always so flavorful and good. 

Service was good and prices were reasonable.笑
We were the only people in the entire restaurant. So no idea how service is when/if it gets busy, but our service was prompt. However, we didn't eat a $3 item because it wasn't fresh and tasted bad and our server insisted it was good and didn't take it off our bill. Also, we were sat where we could hear clanging pans and dishwashing happening.

The food was not the best Indian food I've ever had, not the worst, just okay. My biggest issue was that we were there for an early dinner and it seemed like most of it had just been transferred from the lunch buffet. It definitely wasn't fresh and vibrant like good Indian food can be.

Final note, my SO doesn't like anything too crazy spicy, so ordered medium spiciness for everything. However, the soup we ordered was too spicy for him to eat. Once we paid I found on the receipt that the soup had been input as spice level 7 and our entrées, which weren't very spicy at all, were input as spice level 4. Why?笑
My boss is Indian and we decided to try and find a good Indian restaurant while in Az. We loved this place. We went back twice! Delicious food and wonderful service.

They have a facebook page with coupons.笑
This place has consistently good garlic naan (but occasionally they will burn it and it will be super crispy, which I don't like). 

Their Shahi paneer is very tasty and they add a lot of paneer and it is usually enough for two meals for me (which means enough for two garlic naans). 

The service is very good, they are very nice and accommodating. 

However, they are inconsistent with their spicy levels. I ordered a 10/10 once and didn't taste any spice and another time I ordered a 8/10 and it was extremely spicy and detracted from the taste of the curry. 

Overall, we'll keep coming back as long as their garlic naan stays like it is (how they usually make it).笑
This was our first visit to this location for a birthday dinner.  The food had great flavor though i was not super impressed as the quality of food is the same you could get at any indian restaurant.   What you dont get at the other restaurants is the indian style decor and ambiance.   The architecture of the building inside and out is very pretty and fun. They now serve "dirty mango lassi".. yummy!

Pro- the food was hot and the dishes are different than what you would see ata typical indian restaurant in the USA.  The chia tea was delicious.

Con- i dont think the price of the food matched the quality but i say you should go and see for yourself.   The garlic naan was not garlic flavored and not much to write home about.  The service did not meet normal expectations as they didnt use seat assigment when delivering food so it was like a cattle auction on who ordered which dish.  Also, the server was not attentive so we have to chase him down a couple of time. We were missing dishes and had to ask for them more than once. Dinner was at 6:30 and we didnt get to leave until 9:30.  Even for a party of 9, 3 hours is way too long.  We were waiting for them more often then the restaurant waiting for us. 


 I understand not all places will split a check so this is more of an FYI.笑
They served beer that was expired by 6 months. Always check the date on your beer if you order. They seem to stock old beer. Mediocre food. Service can be better. I came late afternoon that maybe the reason for the bad service. Ambience was good.笑
It is an ok indian restaurant, the quality is not vwry low but it is alao not high at all笑
I've been here twice on trips to Scottsdale and the food is pretty good, but the service is terrible! 
The waitstaff is not attentive or helpful in the slightest! For the price, I would expect better service. The lunch buffet is better than dinner because you don't have to rely in the waitstaff.
They seem to have a fly problem, flies kept landing on my food, my face, and one got stuck in my water.
If you've got endless time to wait for you food and can handle a waitstaff that acts like they have better things to do, then this is the spot for you!
Otherwise, go elsewhere.笑
We stopped in here for the ubiquitous lunch buffet, and I am a little torn because I wanted to either really like it, or really hate it. But I don't. 

It seems that decent Indian is hard to come by out here, so I tend to stick with the same couple of places.My usual Indian haunt is Flavors of India, because the food is mostly good and it's close, but I think this place is a close second. The things that Flavors does well, Delhi Palace does so so on. And vice versa. 

Where Delhi Palace shines: (within the confines of today's buffet, of course) 
Palak Paneer- even though the paneer was noticeably absent or microscopic
Bengan Bhartha- My eggplant-hating dining companion even liked it. 
Mutter Paneer- The one dish with peas that i'll eat willingly. 
The service- they weren't in your face, but they were around more than most buffet meals. 
The atmosphere- it's classy without being over the top gaudy. 

Where Flavors of India kicks Delhi Palace's hiney: 
Naan- I prefer the flattened, nearly scorched naan to the fluffy puff that was plopped on the table here. It was fresh though, so bonus points for that. 
Tandoori chicken- The flavor was fantastic, but the meat was dry. 
Yellow lentil daal- I'll save my colorful description of this one and just leave it at Blech. 
Curry chicken- Where's the spice? Possibly the blandest curry chicken ever. 
The water- This sounds weird, but every time the server came by to refill water, we ended up with more UFOs (unidentifiable floating objects) in our glasses. 

Overall, I think it's a toss-up. The things that I like about Delhi Palace are the things that my old stand by place doesn't do well. I'll definitely be back, but not for the curry or lentils.笑
I've had Indian food everywhere and this was just fantastic. Love their lunch buffet 11-4:30pm笑
This is the best Indian restaraunt in Phoenix hands down. Every single person I've brought here has raved about this place, service is great, food is fantastic笑
Fantastic Chicken tikka masala and garlic naan!  Gulab jamun is good, but not the best I've had.  I didn't like the palak paneer.  

Service is friendly and efficient.  Preparation of food can take awhile, so don't arrive starving.  Lunch buffet available, and you can even take lunch buffet to-go!  (Haven't tried it, yet though so I can't vouch for the food served.)

Ooh, I've got to get this on my rotation soon!笑
Yum!!  The Chicken Tikka Masala, Bengan Bhartha (eggplant), rice, naan, and Punjabi lassis (one sweet, one salty) were all delicious.  The salty lassi was kinda interesting with different spices, not just salt.  For the entrees, the "medium" had just the right amount of heat.  Good sized portions too.  Five stars for food.  

I would call the service "leisurely" but not bad.  It was definitely a team effort, with 4 different people approaching the table at various times and slight confusion at one point.  

One thing to keep in mind: there's a party room upstairs, and you can totally hear the bass downstairs in the restaurant.  We asked to move to the other room, and then it wasn't as loud but we could still hear it.  We were hungry and had our hearts set on Indian food so we stayed, but this would not have been ideal for a special occasion or first date.  I don't know how often they have these parties, so to be on the safe side you may want to stick to weeknights here.笑
Good spice levels. Chicken tikka masala and samosas were the most popular with our group. Did not enjoy the shrimp curry.
Great friendly and helpful service.笑
Decent. The dishes are somewhat bland and seem to be not quite as authentic as I have had in the past. The curry was ok and the tikka masala, well Ive had better. The buffet is above average and as always the Naan was wonderful!笑
Had the lunch buffet today. I've been here before but it's been a few years. 

The naan was excellent. Some of the best I've had. Really thin with plenty of ghee on top. 

The tandoori chicken was likewise some of the best I've had from a buffet. 

If there is anything bad to say about my visit, there wasn't quite enough variety. There were 3 different chicken dishes but no lamb, otherwise I'd give them 5 stars.笑
Avoid the lunch buffet.  Excellent Chicken Tikka Masala.笑
AWESOME...! The place was clean 
Food was great
Good selection of food
Service was friendly
Bathrooms were clean

It doesn't get much better than this笑
Great food, and affordable as well.  My wife and I get it to go.  It travels very well.  I've had better Naan, but overall.  It's great Indian when you have the craving.  Tip:  Don't get the Meat Naan.笑
This place has a fancy exterior and you definitely pay for the ambiance. Definitely a sit down with a napkin in your lap kinda place. I have tried the tikka masala, pakuras, vegetable korma, and naan.  It's all very delicious and the portion sizes are bigger than expected. 

Drawback: kinda pricey. Not a good place for cheap take-out.  I ordered out for 3 and it cost $50!!!笑
I can't cook (and don't want to learn), so I lean pretty heavily on Indian Delhi Palace.  It's my go-to Indian place - consistent and fairly priced.  Sure, maybe every dish is not the best version of it I've ever had, but there are standouts.  The butter chicken is excellent, and I think their palak paneer is the best in the Valley.笑
we discovered this place while wanting to meet up with some friends on a friday after work. the actuall resturaunt looks great but the location is in a rough neighbor hood in ph. the food was great i'd definetly go back for the shrip curry ... the one negative.. i didn't appreciete the waitors smug comment about how much food we were ordering... last i checked we were paying for it so i think we can order as much as we want.笑
I went here for the first time with a co-worker as we wanted to try some Indian cuisine.  Co-worker has never tried it before and I've only had it maybe twice before this.

We enjoyed it for the most part.  We did the lunch buffet and sampled every single item that was offered.  At just under $11 including tax, I felt it was reasonable.  I found that many of the items were moderately spicy and this could be an issue to someone who is sensitive to spiciness.  Our favorite thing hands down was the veggie pakora - the deep fried mixed veggie fritter.  Their naan was also delicious and my second favorite thing.  Service was great - no complaints!

Yes, we would consider returning as time and mood allows.笑
A friend invited me to the buffet they have here for our birthday. Unfortunately it ended 2 minutes after we walked in the door at 4:30pm.
So we opted for 2 complete dinner. It was allot of food, which I enjoyed for work the next day.
Everything was delicious with the exception of some tough as nails plant in a very bitter/chemical like sauce. They should drop that item from the menu. It was just a small side dish and might be preferred by some, but I'd only serve it to people that ask for it.
The Tandoori Chicken was outstanding along with the Shrimp Masal we had. Honestly, I would have been happy just eating the sauce. 
All in all it was very good. I will go there again. I would recommend they serve their buffet a little later and they might get more just after work customers.

PS: They have some lovely Indian beers to enjoy. Try one.笑
I would not give any stars, not many options... Tasted verymuch like the frozen packets heated & served.

The buffet time is till 4 pm however the biryani is not refilled at 1.00 PM

The tondoor wasn't cooked all thru. Desers were all frozen & served very cold with pieces of ice in the kheer.

The only good thing was the fish, which aswell wasn't re-filled at 1:00 PM.笑
I called in to pick up the Aloo Gobhi, and was excited to see it was labeled "gluten free"! The gentleman was very accommodating and friendly. A beautiful restaurant. Will be back when in Phoenix again.笑
Great food and service. Ample quantity. We took a variety of people including newbies to this food. Very much recommended笑
Nice little lunch buffet at a fair price. They had a fantastic chick pea salad and I really liked the Tandori Chicken and rice pudding. I even got a $5.00 off coupon on their website, which made it a very economical lunch choice.笑
Since I gave them such raving reviews, so much has changed in the past 10 days (it's appalling).
Today I got the peas pulao,Basmati rice,Malai Kofta (the one I spoke so highly of in my previous review) and Vegetable korma.

Both the gravies were identical in taste (in spite of being different dishes).I was so disappointed that I called the restaurant and asked them if they had changed their chef,they said they have been serving the same recipes for the past 30 years.
The kofta in the gravy tasted funny (no sign of any cottage cheese) and the vegetable korma was super salty.
The guy on the phone did say that they could give me something else instead but It's not worth a drive (they do not have home delivery).He did offer to give me something else when I go in next!

All things apart I think this is the problem with most Indian restaurants, they have no consistency, some days the food is great and others it's just Blah.

Cheers!笑
Food is always great and the service is very attentive... We'll go back another day.笑
This review is for the Lunch Buffet. 

They have all the necessities for  good buffet. Thier spicy dishes are their strong suits. They have tons of flavor and decent heat. Service is fair for a buffet. I'd like to go for dinner and try out their other dishes. If the buffet is this good their made to order menu should be great.笑
I was very surprised to see that this location is a great advancement from the Tempe location. I love the Tempe location (due to it being the best in proximity), but everything about this location is better. 

As far as the food goes, it's just as "top-notch" as Tempe. All the food is hot and fresh, and they are constantly bringing in warm bread and new refills.  The chicken curry is even better with the addition of red and green bell peppers, but everything else is just as tasty.

The building the restaurant is located in is perfect. It looks like it was built for this restaurant alone, and I gotta say I was impressed. There was even an Indian Grocery inside which was cool to look around in.

I had a great experience here and I'm sure anyone else who enjoys Indian Cuisine would as well.笑
Three words: chicken tikka masala. I've been to many Indian restaurants before and after eating here and no one even COMPARES to the chicken tikka here. We go for the buffet pretty much only for tikka masala! We ALWAYS receive extraordinary service, and the waiters always bring fresh, hot naan to us within minutes of arriving. ONLY complaint is that when we first started coming here years ago, there was actual cheese in the palak paneer. No more. There also used to be pistachios on the rice dessert. No more. I understand they may be trying to keep the price low, but I'd rather pay a little more and have the palak paneer made correctly. We will keep coming back and driving from Chandler because this place is always on point. Support your local businesses!笑
I'm not biased when I say, humble little joint but great North Indian food. Have been here for years, buffet and dinner and always come out very satisfied with no issues. Remember, it's all about the food here and not the atmosphere although it is clean and friendly.
It may be a bit dimly lit at some of the tables or booths but they will rectify it if you bring it to their attention. The owner Anil is always happy to have you back and he'll make sure you are pleased.
It's located in a partially vacated strip mall on the southwest corner of 28th drive and Bell Rd. just one light west of the I-17 frwy. You might still have to squint to spot it from your car, on the inside corner of the elbow. Follow your nose once you exit your car,you can't miss it. Take some home...it's always a tad better the next day..besides you're home too!!笑
I've been eating here for years and its always been good food and service. I suppose my number-one gripe is that it seems the lunch buffet as dwindled over the years in the offerings and variety. 

None the less, its still a great place to enjoy some fantastic Indian food and a decent price.笑
Good Food, But found bit less options compared to other lunch buffets... Good Place for a lunch and would like to go again...笑
Ordered delivery and would not again. Portion sizes are small for price the paratha was like one tiny 5 inch piece for $4.00. Would have been better if taste was great but food was all REALLY SALTY. Would not recommend.笑
Definitely worth checking out. Obviously not the best, but they have some good stuff. The restaurant itself provides a nice atmosphere. Some of the food items are a bit bland, but not all were like that.笑
First off, I must say, friendly smiles upon entering an establishment goes a looooong way for me. Family owned and nurtured with love comes through at Indian Delhi Palace. I've eaten in a few times and mostly had take out. Service was always right on, attentive not intrusive. Take out packaging is an art in my book. So often, things are forgotten, mispackaged and spilled and well, sometimes just tossed in a bag. Here they do it right. Garlic naan bread in house is better than to go. Unfortunately they wrap it in tinfoil and it sweats and loses any of it crispy outer crunch. Chicken tikka marsala has just enough cream and spice to hit all my F spots (you know like a G spot, only F for flavor!). Saffron rice is fluffy, flavorful and fantastic. Rickie loves their sauteed okra...generally not something high on my list to order but yowza Potsie...dee - lish. Samoras, tandori chicken all A's all around. And you can't beat a tall, cold Himalyan beer while waiting for that to go order and they always provide me with some papadum and a tangy, sour, spicy dip. Remember a smile goes along way with me!笑
Excuse me, but what was this? We called and asked for two chicken tikka masalas, one samosa, one lamb biryani and two mango lassis. The person on the phone was really attentive and this is where I'm really surprised: he asked me how spicy I want the food and I told him I wanted it medium. I literally could not eat a full meal because of how spicy this was. The mango lassi is water and mango flavoring mixed together not a trace of yogurt- in fact, when we came inside to pick it up (within 15 minutes) the lassi was completely settled and they had to go and prepare another batch! After preparing a "fresh batch" of mango powder and water they forgot to bring a straw and let us leave without one. I threw it out after a few sips. This was a waste of money, I do not recommend it. Steer clear.笑
I love their lunch buffet. 
I always forget what I love most, so dinner is very hard for me.. Decisions decisions.笑
After several friends recommended the lunch buffet here, I decided to give it a try. I came on a weekday at 11:30 and mine was the only car in the parking lot, so I decided to go do a quick errand in one of the area establishments. I came back just a few minutes after noon and the parking area was packed - a good sign. The dining area has plenty of seating for individuals or groups of different sizes, and I was given a seat at a table for two. Water and a basket of freshly made naan bread quickly followed.The buffet offered most of the Indian restaurant standards. I sampled a bit of everything and found most of the offerings to be very good, except for the pakora (vegetable fritters) which were on the dry side. I came back for more servings of aloo matar and chicken tandoori, which I liked the most from the array served that day. Service is very friendly and the price for the lunch buffet was very reasonable.笑
The food is delicious, but the prices are WAY TOO HIGH for the small portion sizes. I feel robbed when I spend $50 on dinner for two people and probably $7 of that was their actual food cost, if that. Look at it this way... for $10 you get their lunch buffet that has naan, rice and an assortment of foods (all you can eat). But when you order food to go, they charge for every single item... $10 for each entry, $2.5 for naan, $3 for rice, etc. It adds up quick and all of that is at cheap cost for them, so their margins are huge! It's a ripoff, but the food is -like I said- delicious.笑
My go-to Indian food place. The staff is always attentive and friendly. My bf left his credit card in the restaurant once and a hostess chased us down as we were about to drive away. The food is great! It's nice because they adjust the spice level for you from 1-10 and the lunch buffet is relatively not spicy.  I usually order chicken tikka masala, rice, and garlic naan and I always have leftovers for the next day. This is a welcoming place and a good restaurant to introduce your friends to Indian food.笑
We arrived at 2:30 with a craving for something that wasn't mexican food or contemporary food. We were seated and told there was a lunch all-you-can-eat buffet going on. We looked over the menu but decided after all on the buffet, it was a good idea to try some new things since I always get matar paneer. 

I filled a plate and proceeded to stuff my face.. in classy form, of course. The Aloo Mattar had the perfect amount of spice and an immense amount of flavor. It was impressive, as was the chicken curry, the rice, and the chicken masala. I was in heaven! The garlic naan was perfect. Everything was right with the world..

Then the bad news came. Not fifteen minutes after we sat down with our first plates filled were we told the buffet was going to close soon. Had we known earlier, well, I'm not sure what we would do. But it sure is lucky we are a couple of small ladies who can't really eat more than one overfilled plate.. I thought.

I finished my plate and decided to have more aloo mattar, rice, and then some raiti and fritters. Then I got some of the coconut basmati rice. Oh everything just.. sighhh. I think it was the first time I've really been rendered speechless by food in a long time. 

tl;dr Service was friendly but didn't come around often enough to fill our drinks, food is incredible, the place is relaxing and aesthetically appealing inside.

They lost a star for the failure to tell us we had fifteen minutes to enjoy the buffet and for being a little lagging on the refilling of drinks.笑
I poped in for a quick lunch yesterday knowing they would probley have a buffet. they are'nt overly cheery to have you as a customer not that there rude there is no emotion at all....so i was told to take any table and off i went to the buffet you better be ready for chicken because thats the protien du jour one of the chicken dishes was quite tasty the other tandori was dry the spinich dish was good along w/the naan the food was not bad but when i paid it was 11$ a bit pricey....no...alot pricy for the selection of dishes.....maybe there dinners are better but i most likly wont return to find out笑
Haven't been here in ages, but went with a friend on Sunday.
The weekend buffet is when to go -- more items than weekday.
I would give this place 5 stars if it had a few more items, but all the dishes are good! Nice atmosphere, nice tables, and attentive service.
I'm actually awarding 4 1/2 stars.

My inside skinny: 
The carmelized onions with the tandoori chicken are yummy!
They also have a goat dish that's very good ---- WATCH OUT FOR BONES, CHEW CAREFULLY. Sometimes the bones are obvious, sometimes small.

This is one of the best Indian restaurants in the PHX valley, and they have awards on the wall to prove it. I'm not the only one saying this. I think there are only a few places in the valley for Indian food for me (but I haven't been to every one in the valley) -- this place, The Dhaba in Tempe on Apache, and one other that has a great buffet but I haven't been there in years because it's far away. Somewhere in Mesa perhaps?笑
So I have been to this place many times before and I have never been unhappy, but today was a different story... THEY PUT GREEN AND RED BELL PEPPERS IN THE INDIAN FOOD! I couldn't believe it. I love spices and Indian food has a lot of them and they are very tasty, but bell peppers make me nauseous and give me indigestion. They few things that didn't have peppers, like their spinach dish, were oily and not really creamy like they should be. Overall- inauthentic and disappointing. I've never been so full yet so dissatisfied. I told the shift supervisor so hopefully they will fix the bell pepper issue, until then my advise is to go somewhere else. It's not worth the $30 bill.笑
We used to love this place, but the food has gone way downhill. I ordered the Vegetable Korma, and it looked like they used a bag of frozen mixed vegetables - it had corn and green beans in it, something I've never seen in any other Korma dish I've had. We also ordered the garlic naan, but it hardly had any garlic on it at all and tasted like it was reheated. I'm very sad because we used to go here all the time, but we won't be eating here anymore.笑
We came for the lunch buffet today, and after eating here, I'm pretty sure I'll skip breakfast before I come next time.  There's a huge selection of different curries served at lunch, with both vegetarian and meaty options.  The naan brought to our table was buttery and delicious, and the curries had great flavor.  My favorite of the lunch buffet items was the ground lamb with peas... don't skip that one!  

Also, you know you're at an authentic, good-quality place when the table next to you is filled with twenty Indians and there are six cute little kids sprinting around the tables.  :)

We'll definitely be back, and I'll likely fail at stopping myself from eating three plates again.笑
We were here for their lunch buffet. The chicken tendori? was very tender. Coconut dessert was good. Everything was bit too salty.笑
I'm not a huge fan of Indian food, but I do believe that's because I was probably eating at bad places. This place has converted me! I had the Lamb Korma and my hubby had the Butter Chicken. Everything was very flavorful! The establishment is very clean and very authentic. Our service lacked, slow and didn't ask us for drinks etc, but they were very friendly regardless. We will definitely be going back to try more!笑
Went in at 6 pm on a Sunday. Restaurant had perhaps 3 tables sat. We were sat in a part of the restaurant near all the other tables. Received water and menus. Waited over 15 minutes for someone to take our order. 

When we flagged someone down we were told they were short staffed but still no one came over to apologize or take our order. Waited another 5 minutes and left. While we were waiting one couple waited the entire time at the register to pay their check and another man dining alone was in the same situation and walked out.笑
Had Shrimp biriyani and that was horrible. Raita was not served and when asked 'so called raita' was given and was worst i ever had. Kabab was also bad.笑
Amazing food! Excellent, excellent, excellent food. Great service. Clean and friendly service. A must eat restaurant Indian food restaurant. Prices are goo as well.笑
Based on the reviews went here for Lunch, they had Buffet with one Meat and 3-4 vegetarian dishes for around $10. 
Tried palak paneer but the paneer(cheese) itself  was missing the dish, it was like having chicken curry without chicken. Long story short the food lacked the taste that you find in good Indian cuisine...笑
I went for the lunch buffet and for $10 it's a great deal. The service was nice and very good with plates being cleaned and water refilled promptly. The food was excellent and was fresh not like some buffets I've been to in the past. 

A wider selection could be nice or stretching the locations of the food because otherwise when busy the line for food gets pretty crunched with everyone standing over each other.  Otherwise an excellent spot and will definitely be added to my lunch rotation with my coworkers.笑
Came here last night with the girlies to satisfy our craving for Indian food.  We've talked about this place for a while, and I'll be damned if I was leaving AZ before stopping by this place!  So luckily, I was able to convince one of the girls that finals are not as important as saying goodbye to me over a plate of curries.

We got their around 8 and the place had a good crowd.  We were the only white girls, so we know we were in for a good meal.  Going over the menu took us a while, because one of the girls had no clue what she wanted, and the server was polite enough to let us take our time.

Before we figured out what we wanted for dinner, of course we had to figure out drinks.  So we all order and still continue to peruse the menu.  Then our drinks came out...huge plus for this place right here, they were huge!  My gin and tonic was in an oversized cocktail glass and my friend's Chardonnay was filled to the brim.  No skimping on alcohol here!  The waiter advised us the drinks were strong, which I was fine with but my girlfriend needed 3 more limes to take hers down.

We finally end up decided on dinner, with the shahih paneer, chicken saag, and vegetable korma, and an order of garlic naan.  I was a little unsure about the paneer, but my girlfriends swore by it.

When the food arrived, we were excited!  Everything smelled so flavorful and the naan was huge, good thing we only got one order.  I loved every single bite I had at dinner, and the feeling was mutual across the table.  All of us ate beyond the point of feeling full, but we couldn't help ourselves!  This food was too good!

Luckily, we were able to stop ourselves and save some food to take home.  I got the chicken saag and I am so excited to have some for my own brunch.  Mmmmm...I'm getting hungry thinking about it now.

Overall, $20 a person including tip, with strong drinks, good food, and extras to take home we were satisfied.笑
This was my introduction into Indian food.    The first few times I came here I was like "ah not bad".  Then I started to try other places, even out of state and in other towns.   When I came back to IDP I really liked it.

If you go to a buffet, which I prefer, so you can try a bit of everything keep in mind that the dishes change daily.   If the food is not so good on Monday well go back on Tuesday and they'll have a few different items.

They had these parsnips once that were soooo good I've been having "nocturnal emissions" about them for the past year. 

Cool little shop that is attached to the restaurant, they have fresh bakery items, Indian food stuffs, and a ton of Bollywood movies.笑
I like. I don't get over here that often, but when I do, I always have a good meal. With restaurants that vary their spice levels according to your taste, it's always nice when you find one where your medium hot corresponds to their medium hot and so on. Too many times I've ordered 4/5 for spicy and gotten a 2/5 of 6/5 (yes, that's a thing that can happen). Their naan is delicious, always served hot and fresh baked. The Madras Shrimp are great if you can take the heat, if not, the butter chicken is everything butter chicken should be. Mango kulfi for dessert! Or gulab jamun, as fun to say as it is to eat.笑
I am addicted to Indian food. Whenever I step into an Indian restaurant my salivary glands go into overdrive.

This was my second visit to this establishment and the second visit topped the first. Why, you say?

The difference was defined by the a la carte experience as opposed to the buffet experience. Please note, there was absolutely nothing wrong with the buffet as it contained all the requisite flavors that make an Indian meal so delicious (although I did leave feeling like a stuffed turkey!).

However, at dinner, you can order exactly what you want off the menu, you can savor the precise flavors that you want. You can order garlic naan if you want. You can have a lamb vindaloo as spicy as you want. You can decide on chicken or lamb or shrimp or simply go vegetarian. 

The decor here is typical of an Indian restaurant. The TV is set to play Indian songs, some of which you may recognize. The waiters are polite. The drinks are reasonably priced. Our overall dining experience was excellent. This place deserves a visit. We shall return.笑
The food is good... The service is good. Again this comes from an Indian who did eat at EVERY possible Indian food restaurant in phoenix!!!
Try the kheema(minced lamb) naan-its extremely filling. The butter chicken is good, and the portions are decent enough! Its family owned and operated so that is always a good sign!笑
B day party here Sunday buffet and they really tended to our table. We never had to wait for refills or naan they kept our table clear. The food is the best in town and I'll be back soon.笑
Don't be put off by the fact that they're super rude on the phone, it's probably cultural, and the food is totally worth it! Have eaten almost every vegetarian dish on the menu and d*mn do they do it right! Amazing flavor, spice level is pretty precise. If ur going to get a 7/10 you'll need a water standing by, other than that its amazing spices as you requested. 
Bf is in love with the Mixed Grill- as a non meat eater I have to say: it looks and smells AMAZING! And per his review its the best things he's ever eaten. A little pricey at 18$ but he says its worth it. Watching him eat it- I completely agree. :) 
Been eating here for the past 3 years and even though the customer service has yet to take a giant step forward I still keep stepping through their doors, inhaling those delicious spices, picking up my 'to go' order and grinning like a thief as I enjoy it for days and days to come. :)笑
It's a good lunch buffet and they don't take you to the cleaners.  I enjoyed the Chicken Tandoori and Curry Chicken,.  I would have preferred that they would have used boneless chicken but it was still good.  I also liked the rice pudding!  As my friend Jessica F stated, make sure you print the $5.00 coupon from their website!笑
Big fan of this place despite the fact that it appears they changed the recipe of their Malai Kofta the last time I was there. 

Their naan is delish! Combining a little malai kofta and palak paneer with their naan will get you laid on the first date. Money back guarantee. From me, not them. I usually get it to go and order ahead of when I think I need to because it tends to take just a bit longer than I love to get the food. 

But all and all my experiences here have always been very good. Great Indian food in Phoenix.笑
The best Indian food in the valley hands down. Every time I go it nothing but the best, food service and price! The never skimp on spices like the other places do and everything is always just how you order it (mild, medium , spicy). I have been to England and India and this place is closest I have found. If India is a 10 this place is a 9.5!! Just go and make sure you have some mango ice cream for desert (it's unlike any you have ever had).笑
The experience was good, restaurant was tastefully decorated and the service good. The food was mediocre. I had the vegetarian platter. I would like to try some other entrees and the buffet before giving up on them but I won't order that entree again. Prices were pretty hefty for the portion received, especially considering that naan and rice are not included. That is a big pet peeve for me because there should be rice or bread the same as you receive a roll with an American dinner or chips and salsa with Mexican. Especially, when it is much more expensive. Why do so many Indian restaurants around here skimp on the bread and rice? Any restaurant that includes it will become my go to. The cost is minimal and cheaper than advertising. Word of mouth is what brings me to ethnic restaurants. Yelp is my reference quite frequently.笑
good food + friendly staff = good go to Indian in phoenix

Came here with work colleagues recently and we were really happy with our meal.  I felt it was a little on the hot side of Medium heat but other than that I loved what I got.  Plenty of options for everyone.  One complaint was the Naan was kinda expensive and nothing came with rice.笑
I was checking the reviews when I saw the yelp coupon and bought it! We ordered: Samosas, Chicken Tikka Masala ($10.99), palak paneer ($8.99-spinach and "cottage cheese"), and goat masala (11.99?). 
I'm not a frequenter of Indian cuisine establishments so i can't really compare it to others but the chicken tikka masala was AMAZING! Palak Paneer was also great. The goat masala was good, not gamey at all! They definitely don't clean the bones away very well so be careful not to chip a tooth.
Server was not overly friendly but good enough between him and the 2 bussers who were prompt to refill our waters from ordering a little too high on the spicy scale :)

I need to come back for the lunch buffet for $8.99 sometime!笑
I think a lot of people might get this place confused with "Delhi Palace Cuisine of India" (which is on University, near ASU). That place - avoid avoid avoid.

This place - must go. This is a place that serves really good North Indian food, kind of Pakistani style, if you ask me, and it's really spicy and really good. They'll even give you chili peppers if you ask them to notch up the awesomeness even further.

This place has great service. Came here with my dad near closing time and they still seated us and let us order, even with only 15 minutes or so until closing. Food was hot and fresh even at the late hour. We were keeping the staff from closing up yet everyone was still extremely friendly and helpful, and of course we left a sweet tip.

The food here is amazing, anything you can point to on the menu is awesome and delivered fresh to your table. Now, I have never foot the bill myself, so of course I'm biased, but the prices seem reasonable to me, especially for a dinner for two or more.  I read in another review that the rice was crappy. No idea what that means and no, it's not free, grow up. Rice was somewhat dry but hey, it's rice, you eat it with something else.

Every time I've been here they have quickly seated my group. The waiters are prompt but not perpetually hanging around - fantastic service, although you *might* need to remind them for water once or twice. Food is extremely (OK, it can be extremely) spicy.笑
Very bad food and very bad service.  Don't even think about going for buffet, very expensive and very few choices.  All in all very bad food.笑
My favorite Indian restaurant in Phoenix!!!

Generous portions and great service. Your water is never empty which is a big deal for me when I eat spicy food.

Chicken Tikka Masala, Chicken Vindaloo and Aloo Matar are my personal favorites here. Their naan is also great.

Try their lunch buffet and you will not be disappointed.笑
This is an exception Indian restaurant! My fiance use to deliver clay ovens to all the Indian restaurants in the valley and said this place had the cleanest back of house! The service and food are great! I've been here for dinner several times and my go to meal is shrimp korma, basmati rice, garlic naan, and a mango lassi to drink. I can't wait to try the lunch buffet sometime!笑
Seriously good Indian food. Ordering spice is actually spice. Good blend of spices. Chicken tikka delish! I've had dinner and the buffet - both were very good. Fresh naan brought to your table during buffet. Lots of choices all very tasty. Too bad I live in another state and it will be a very longtime before coming here again.笑
They did not make a great first impression and I don't think I will be back.  I took some friends to try Indian food for the first time. The service was not good at all. We had to go to the kitchen to get service for our drink orders. My friends enjoyed the food although I have had better.  But the naan was good.笑
Two reasons for coming here: 
1) You love Indian Food
2) You love to sample a variety of dishes 

My first visit to the palace was on a Friday, for the lunch buffet.  For $7.99, you have your pick of Tandoori Chicken, a delicious chicken Curry, Three Vegetable Curries, Basmati Rice, Daal, Naan, and. Salad. To complete your feast, they offer Kheer (rice pudding with almond and pistachio) and Gulab Jamun (Two balls akin to donut holes - made from cream of milk in scented light syrup).

The greatest thing about this buffet is that it is "western" friendly.  This means that none of the curries are too spicy, and even the mint chutney is not over-powered by peppers and chilies.  For your first experience with Indian food, this is a terrific spot.  If a seasoned veteran of this cuisine, you may be more picky where flavor is concerned.

I personally feel the buffet had very slim pickings, especially for someone that enjoys diversity in dining.  However, I thought the tikka masala, chicken curry, daal, pakoras, and saag were sooo delicious.

I am interested in returning here to explore its dinner options.  For example, along with the varying lamb, chicken, and vegetarian dishes Indian Delhi Palace offers - they have complete dinners for under $20.  For instance, the chicken dinner includes One Papadum, One Tandoori Chicken, Chicken Curry, One Daal Maharani, One Plate of Basmati Rice, One Naan, One Ratia, One Dessert, Chutney and Tea.笑
Not to be confused with another place with the same name (almost) that has excellent food (which I did). Curry so salty it's almost inedible and I swear full of something with the consistency of sand?? I don't even know how that's possible- it's not bad oysters- but I swear it's true. Not good Indian food.笑
Do yourself a favor...NEVER EVER GO THIS PLACE. If you are indian you will regret it. If you are not indian and trying indian food for first time then you will never try indian food in your entire life. I took chicken biriyani to go. It was worst biriyani I ever had. I drove 20 mins keeping the biriyani in passenger seat. Didn't smell anything like biriyani.  It WAS YELLOW RICE WITH SOME BOILED CHICKEN SOME SLICED JALAPEÑO  AND TOMATO SLICE. Biriyani was $12. They charged  $3 for raita. First time I saw biriyani doesn't come with raita. They gave green and red chutney with the biriyani.  Who the hell eat green chutney with biriyani.  I HAD TO CALL THE RESTAURANT SUGGESTING THE CHEF TO WATCH COUPLE OF YOUTUBE VIDEOS HOW TO MAKE BIRIYANI. Please please don't go this place.笑
All I have to say is - I'm a punjabi and I endorse this message.

Portfolio - Chicken Tikka Masala, Chana Masala, Palak Paneer. garnished with courteous service. A gem in the middle of this desert.笑
Not a bad place, great service.. Went for the lunch buffet, They can use a little more selection, tikka masala was good chicken was tender, couple vegetarian dishes, chicken kabob was dry. Naan is fresh made to order, I personally like the garlic naan. One good thing is that the buffet is open till 430pm..笑
Buffet includes many vegetarian options. (Indian food is not vegan but they don't overdo on butter or ghee.) The only meal I'll need to eat today!笑
I went to this place on my trip to Arizona and Phoenix. Ambience, location and staff is pretty nice. The food was average. Me being from bay area may be a little rude but the food just had the taste of cream. Ordered for the following dishes:
Malai kofta: koftas tasted frozen
Paneer: panner was good but gravy was all cream
Onion pakoras were awesome
I would may be go there if no other option is available, but then it could be just my taste buds.笑
This was the " non vegetarian dinner" that costs almost 20$. I ordered on Grubhub for pick up, when we got there we were told they just got the order and they had sealed this container with cling wrap so couldn't see inside till we got home. After being out all day and tired and first meal at around 9 pm we were too exhausted to go back and I just stomached the rice underneath with some naan bread. This was a gross disgrace to be served that and they didn't include the chutney, tea, raita or chicken curry, just this nasty mush.笑
Excellent place to eat with a great tasting buffet! Beats out all other places around here to eat for lunch that's for sure! Love it! :-)笑
what a treat. i'm not gonna pretend to be a super discerning indian food critic but i love it here. the staff is kind of formal, place is usually quiet. never very crowded. got lamb korma, chicken karahi, a bunch of garlic naan & rice, and a couple kingfishers. i don't leave any bites of food in the bowls at this place - wish the portions were a little bigger.

sometimes i feel like indian is unnecessarily expensive but i think these guys really do go the extra mile on ingredients and presentation. got out of here for $27 or so and i feel that's reasonable. this is a go-to spot to eat comfort food with family. last night i brought a friend who had never had indian food and he's now officially on board, so that's a great sign. 

if i came in with the intention of spending $100, i would leave really happy.

i have a little concern that they'll close down because there's not a ton of traffic through there and the space is enormous. we'll see i guess. i'll keep coming back regardless.笑
A great restaurant.  The goat, chicken and Nan, are delightful.  Great service and authentic.  A must try.  If you like it spicy ask for hot.  Medium wasn't as spicy as I thought it would be.  Otherwise a perfect meal.笑
The appearance and cleanliness of this place is really nice, however there isn't hardly any variety what so ever for there buffet. There is one table of food and that's it and most of there food was cold and tasted exactly like those canned foods that you buy at the grocery store. Price is outrages for what they offer as I went to golden corral with my spouse, and spent the same amount, exact same and got a ton and I mean a ton of options, and best of all there food tastes great! Sadly I do not and would not recommend this place to anyone. If you are looking for a buffet try golden corral or the mandarin, but don't be lured in by the appearance of this Indian place as you will leave disappointed.笑
This place was phenomenal, the food was amazing. They catered to me which was amazing. I can't handle spicy food and they took that into great consideration when I asked what they had that was not only low on spiciness but also vegetarian. I thoroughly enjoyed my meal there.笑
Big bunch of family over so we created our own buffet!  Shrimp biryani, veggie biryani, tandoori shrimp and tandoori chicken, chicken tikka masala, palak paneer, samosas, raita, and lots of naan (plain, cheese and garlic).  Everyone loved the chicken...which I don't eat, but others said it was good.  I loved both biryanis and the paneer with raita over it.  I also loved the naan dipped in masala sauce! SO glad it's close to home!笑
This is my favorite Indian restaurant in the Phoenix area. They have a grocery on the side and they are obviously very authentic. Their veggie koorma, chicken curries, and tandoori are excellent and all served with their lunch buffet, along with their superb naan.

The buffet is probably the best buffet I've ever had, since they are usually populated with cheap meats, and mass produced sauces. This place is excellent, and every dish oozes real Indian spice and care.  

Very highly recommended, though I've only tried them for lunch and don't know how and if their dinner would be different.笑
I really want to give this place more than 3 stars.  I like the food and the restaurant and the banana milk shakes!

BUT!  in the little Indian store to the right of the restaurant there were rat traps all over the place....  with rotten cheese in them...  THAT is not something I, a paying customer wants to see....  AT LEAST hide the traps.

THEN it made me think, that my food could have been contaminated with rat droppings and then my stomach started hurting.  Which is unfortunate because I probably won't be back, and we had been there quite a few times.笑
My wife and I (both vegetarians) stopped here at the end of the lunch buffet while traveling through Phoenix. It was a very pleasant surprise. The buffet was divided clearly into vegetarian and meat dishes. Vegetarian items were all familiar but some with unusual labels: saag paneer, "vegetable fritters" (pakora), "yogurt curry" (aloo korma), dal makhni. The spicing was very mild, as is customary on a buffet, but there were a variety of pickles, chutneys, and salads to create interest. I suspect that seasoning would have been higher on menu orders, but I have always liked to taste the actual ingredients as well as the spices, so I don't believe eating should be a macho competition to see who can make the spiciest food.

Staff were very friendly and pleasant. The buffet is $9.99 per person, so pretty inexpensive for lunch in Phoenix. The neighborhood is a little seedy, and the traffic leaving town (westward) from here was awful, even at 3PM.笑
I've been here a few times for their lunch buffet. The food is good... pretty standard for Indian. Today I went with 4 coworkers and they charged us an additional 18% gratuity for a large party. First, a party of 5 is too small to incur the automatic 18% gratuity; it's 6 or 8 at most restaurants. Second, the 18% was added on for the lunch buffet. I wouldn't have minded as much if it was waited service since I usually tip that much anyway. However, a mandatory 18% for a lunch buffet for 5 people is ludicrous. There are plenty of Indian places around here that are just as good, if not better, and I will be patronizing them instead.笑
Just awful. They don't care about their customers. Had a terrible experience and was afraid to step outside since the area is so sketchy笑
Had the Sunday buffet which had quite a spread much of which tasted just fine. Three different types of desserts. The samosas were not kept warm which was a bummer. I also should not have to ask to have my water filled or wait some time for plates to be cleared. Service was not as attentive as I would like but the food was pretty good.笑
I have not had Indian food in years and on a whim my girlfriend and I decided to check this place out.  I honestly don't know what the negative reviews are talking about.  We were greeted with exceptional customer service: friendly hellos, eyes that smiled - very positive vibe from the staff who were also very attentive in checking on us and filling our glasses frequently.  The food was exactly what I was craving.  Everything was very tasty and the price was on point.  Great job; I will be back!笑
My first time at this restaurant was on a bad date.  I didn't drive at the time and since we were meeting at the restaurant, I took the bus and walked for about half an hour in the summer heat to get to the restaurant.  By then, my date had taken the liberty to order my meal.  The entree itself was a little pricey but scrumptious even with the terrible company.  (Might I add that he even asked if he could take my leftovers home.  Seriously, what?)

Anyway, since then I've been back way more times than I could count - with much better company.  Generally, I go for their weekend buffet which at $10ish per person, I say is a pretty damn good deal.  They don't have a huge spread for their buffet, but their items do not disappoint.  Their chicken tikka masala is by far my favorite item there, and goes perfect with the rice or the naan they bring to your table.  The fried vegetable fritters are amazing and I'm always a sucker for their desserts, especially these things that resemble donut holes but are drowned in syrup.

Oh and be forewarned (and this isn't at all a bad thing) that you might fall into a food coma after this buffet, so plan to get a cup of coffee or some other less sedentary activity so you don't immediately pass out the moment you reach home.  Trust me, I've fallen into that trap too many times, even when I thought I ate less than before.笑
The food is mediocre and even more disappointing for the price. They charge $13 just for a couple pieces of chicken marinated in spices! Rice and Naan are separate.  This is like going to an Italian restaurant and paying for bread and oil.笑
Another Indian reviewer here. This place is a complete disappointment and I *never* eat there. A friend and I went for lunch once and became so aggravated at sitting and waiting at our table with no service that we were cussing under our breath by the time the waiter came, giving new meaning to the word "waiter". 

The food is mediocre. I didn't like (or trust) the quality of the chicken in my chicken tikka masala. There is far better Indian food to be had throughout the Valley.笑
Delhi Palace has won my heart for Indian food.  There is a great lunch buffet that is well worth a drop in from time to time.  I'm not sure if this location is associated with the Delhi Palace on University, but I have been to both and liked both.  Sometimes Indian food buffets can feel not so fresh, but both of these restaurants keep things fresh and heated.  

This restaurant has my stamp of approval as my favorite Indian food in the Phoenix area.笑
Decent but not awe inspiring North Indian style food in east Phoenix. I haven't been for their lunch buffet in years, but dinner is good and reasonably priced. Their idea of hot is not that hot.

Things to try that I especially like here - 
Mango pickle
Any of the paratha breads
Hot tea
Anything with cauliflower笑
This place was disappointing on different levels. First, the food was okay but not great. I thought the naan was below average and tasted more like flatbread than what naan is supposed to taste like. My dish was the chicken tikka masala and it just lacked flavor and any hint of spiciness. I did get the mango shake and it was truly excellent!

The waiter seemed quite inpatient throughout the night. On a couple instances he assumed what we meant instead of getting clarification; thus, bringing out the wrong thing. Then the restaurant turned off the music 10 minutes before closing and basically tried to rush us out. Seriously??? Not a way to keep business coming back! I mean, chill out... most of us were pretty much finishing up at that point so at least give the diners the courtesy of a full experience.

Too many better options to want to come back here...笑
Used their catering service for an event at home. Was initially concerned with the timing of delivery but the service and food covered that part. All the guests appreciated the delicious food. Will definitely recommend to friends and family.笑
Went there today, a Sunday, for the buffet lunch. WOW. Everything was great from beginning to end. The service was excellent, they offered us more chai and naan (which was great) and every dish on the buffet was good and fresh. The flavors were amazing! This cook knows how
to do it right! I've been eating Indian food in Az. for the past 25 years, and this one puts them all to shame now. One trip to a certain Indian place in a small strip mall in Tempe, and you won't ever go back there again. Scary.笑
Lunch at the Dal House

For the ignorant, like me, there's a small plate for one or all of the several salads, a large plate for the entrees, and small bowl for the desserts.  Those tiny salad plates get full of everything fast.

My favorite feature - the store in the east end of the building.  I want to go back and pick upf a little henna for my Friday night henna painting parties and some of the foods that made my mouth water, for instance, cilartro and ginger.  

You can have lunch however you like.  Spicy or not hot, meat or veggie.  Delhi Palace serves a good lunch buffet.  Speaking of service, I hate to whine and I realize it was a Lunch buffet, but I felt forgotten more than once.  It was one of three reasons.  My server was either a new hire or the bosses son, or human beings of the SIkh persuasion focus on service to humankind.  I got the bosses son.  My tough naan came in the middle of the meal while people around me were breaded while in the buffet line.  My ice tea was almost forgotten.

This place has beautiful decor.  A romantic place for a darkened corner meal for you and that special someone who loves Indian food.  You could curry up some real heat in this place.笑
Seriously guys, adding a bunch of spices to cooked rice with lamb is NOT how you make biryani.  Oh, and who places green bell peppers to biryani?  I'm not sure what I was eating but with each
bite, I asked myself loads of questions:

"Is this what I paid $13 for?"
"Why did I pay $13 for this?"
"Why am I sitting in my car, on my way to the Phoenix Sky Harbor airport, eating this spice flavored rice with
not lamb?"
"What is this big black thing that looks like a beetle.  Oh, its just a cardamom?"
"When I asked the guy who gave this to me for some raita (Indian yogurt condiment), why was he 
saying that was going to be extra when it is always customary (and FREE) to hand that out with the biryani?"
"Should I finish this or no?  I need to finish this, I paid 13 freakin dollars for this - that's why!"

Then, the cycle of questions would start all over again and if that is not torture, I'm not sure what is.笑
After moving from Flagstaff, I was looking for a new indian food restaurant that could meet the standards of the one I frequented up north. This place does not disappoint. The service is exemplary and the food is phenomenal. I highly recommend the chicken korma! It's my go to whenever I go!笑
Quite pricey. I got the Tandori chicken and thought it was a meal (as most Indian places service it with rice or other sides).  But here, it was 4 pieces of chicken, and they weren't even whole pieces.  Like the breast was cut in half and counted as two pieces. Quite odd. And it was pricey for 4 "pieces" of chicken. First went here with a Groupon type deal.  Only go again because it is halfway to my friend's house and we meet up.笑
Finding good Indian food in Phoenix has made the move here easier...especially a place that's a mile from my house.

Parking is easy
Service is always fantastic
Take-out is always ready very quickly and very hot
Good variety of spices at the attached little store

Tried and recommend: Shahi paneer, chicken tikka masala, veg korma. chana masala
Might revisit but not thrilled with initially: saag paneer, aloo gobi

If you like spicy (or not), tell them--they go kinda easy on the hotness unless you specifically ask (use the 1-10 scale)

I wish it was a little less formal feeling inside, but I typically do take-out so not a big deal--it just makes for a date-ish environment rather than a group o' friends environment.  Again, not a bad thing, i'm just sayin'. I've also never checked out the lunch buffet so maybe the white tablecloths and preset water glasses are a PM thing. 

[p.s. i'm now officially amused that i just said i wished a place was less nice. don't really hear that too often...]笑
After all the issues we've had finding food sushi in Phoenix, I was worried about beginning to Indian food venues.

Luckily, we were much more successful with this type of food. The Indian Delhi Palace was absolutely scrumptious, and just as awesome, it was incredibly affordable.

The Samosas were perfectly sized and scrumptious.  I wish that they'd brought the tamarind sauce out before them with the chutney, but it did go perfectly with the samosa.

I got Malai Kofta.  Not exactly what I was expecting (it's my favorite dish), as it was a bit different than other places I've had it, but it was still delicious.  My partner got a good ol' favorite; Saag Paneer. It was a bit too spicy for her (her fault for ordering it medium), but we wound up mixing the two sauces together, and it was perfect. Portions were generous, especially given the affordable prices.

The service was so-so; our glasses stayed empty for some time before they got refills.  I wish I'd gotten a mango lassi, but it was a bit pricey, and we chose the Samosas instead. Also, I was a bit disappointed that the naan was sold separately, but I guess that's the way lots of places are going now.

All told, it was delicious, comforting and satisfying Indian food, and we were quite impressed! I can't wait to try their lunch buffet.笑
Rice too dry (so dry that detracted from rest of food). Aloo Gobi also too dry, flavors too strong. Palak Aloo was okay. Vegetables all too hard / undercooked. Vegetable Korma was okay (again, potatoes too firm). Possibly the worst Indian food experience that I've ever had (of dozens). Fantastic decor, though.笑
$11 for Indian food buffet. Can't beat that. And this place is literally 3 min from where I live.  I really like how clean the restaurant is.  That's important to me.笑
Food is still good, but their service is pretty bad.  Our waiter kept on making bad faces at us ever since my friend ordered something to go and the waiter thought she wanted it in addition to her buffet ( weird right?) Then the manager and waiter tried to hurry us out and made us pay when we were still eating and when the place wasn't full. It was very rude!  I don't know if they changed managers, but you can tell it was no longer a happy and friendly place at this restaurant based on all the worker's faces.笑
Do you want to start off by saying that this restaurant is amazing point blank period. The Chicken Biryani is the best. And the Chicken Curry is also my wife's favorite, just make sure you tell them how spicy you want it.笑
I've only had Indian curry chicken once in Singapore which was a very negative experience.  One bite and I was unable to talk for a few minutes.  

After 20 years, thought it was time to try again.  Found Indian Delhi Palace  on Yelp.  The reviews seem generally positive.  Dropped by on a Saturday evening to try it out.

The restaurant was about 2/3 full.  Two wait staff were also covering the reception station resulting in a low level frantic pace.  That is primarily the reason for not giving five stars.  Our waiter was quick and to the point.  I told him this was the first time to try Indian food.  He suggested the dinners that included a combination of dishes.  He asked how spicy on a scale of 10 we wanted.  I said about a 5.  He suggested maybe a 3 to start.  Probably was a good suggestion.  Not much time for questions before he was gone with our order.  

The dinner included Indian milk tea (Chai) which I really enjoy at Starbucks anyway.  It had more spice flavor than the Starbucks concentrate version.  A nice improvement.  While a little picky, my cup of tea was spilled into the saucer.  Not sure why it was served that way.  I dribbled on the white table cloth every time I picked up the cup.  The tea was good though.

Questions about the food served were sort of answered.  The waiters were too busy to spend much time with amateur questions.  Guess I need to find an Indian to dine with next time.  Not really sure what I ate or the main ingredients in each item.  Everything tasted good.  Next time I will order individual items from the menu so I will know what I'm eating.  

So, good food, will try again, but waiters were too busy to be of much help to Indian cuisine newbe's.笑
This place looks amazing however compared to the the "Delhi Palace" on university and rural this places food was not up to par. Maybe I'm just partial but I didn't enjoy the flavored. On top of that, I asked if the garlic nan was included with buffet and was told YES then charged for it when it was time to pay. I left unhappy and still craving good, spicy chicken tikka masala and had to go to the original.笑
Stopped in for lunch, and it was definitely a solid "meh."  Lunch buffet is $8.99, which was a bit steep considering the lack of selections (only 2 chicken dishes, chicken curry and tandoori chicken, neither spectacular).  The vegetable curry was fine but again, nothing special, and everything else was quite bland.  I won't be returning.笑
As good as it gets.... I went there years ago and never went back.... My stepson's girlfriend took us there and we absolutely loved it.... Being of Indian Punjabi origin, yes I am very picky and finicky about my tandoori food. This was fab.... It was like being in Delhi.... Really....笑
Good flavors, good service, Interesting dishes odd pakora.

Walk in and you will see nicly set tables with table cloths and cloth napkins. There is a buffet with plates behind. This makes it a bit confusing as to which end to start at.

I started with some pakoa and mint chutney. The pakoa was the low point of my meal as it was oddly hard as if it were fried twice.

Moving on the the food at least the veg items. There was a Palak dish which had great spice as well as some cabbage dish that was miss labeled  and full of great flavor and textures I went back for more. The chana masala was also quite good spiked with many fresh veggies in sauce. 

I am a big fan of their naan bread, it tasted as if it was made in a fire tandori, it really complemented the meal.

If you are in this area of town give it a try.笑
Que suerte que llegamoa aqui en el camino al hotel. Vale la pena, los meseros son de la India, el servicio excelente y la comida de 4 estrellas todo. Muy autentico, buen precio y diferente en todos los aspectos.笑
Some the best Indian food in the valley. I am reluctant to give five star on any place, always being the explorer, but I would go 4 1/2 because there is not damn TV and the atmosphere is excellent笑
The restaurant is very nice and clean. The people are very nice. I decided to try this place because it is so close to home. The buffet is nicely set up.  The food was okay. The chicken in the tikka was dry and it needed salt. The basmati rice was either undercooked or stale because it was crunchy . The food was really lacking flavor.  I have a regular go to place for amazing flavorful food. Maybe one day I'll try it again but for now I'll stick to what I know.笑
Tasty and reasonably priced food and beer. A little hard to park but worth the maneuvering. And they have a rocking grocery store attached to it so you can make your own!笑
My husband is the fan of Indian food, and I had a gift certificate from some students, so we gave Indian Delhi Palace a try.  The service was spotty, depending on who was in our section at the time.  The naan and puri were excellent, and both of our entrees were tasty (my husband had the chicken tikka masala and I had a mild lamb dish in cream sauce. The jasmine rice was beautiful and well cooked, but also had cardamom seeds in it (not my favorite). My husband loved his palak paneer. We agreed that overall, we have had a little better food and service from Taste of India.笑
I may be biased as this is the first Indian restaurant I've ever eaten at but I love it. My sister and I have "date night" here about once a month. We look forward to gorging on their delicious naan, chicken tikka masala, palak paneer and rice. Those dishes are so good, wonderfully flavored and full of awesome. I love spinach, my sister hates it. Once I got her to try the palak panner she was hooked! Now we fight over who gets the last piece of cheese. Their chicken tikka is the best I've had. The chicken is flavorful and the sauce has a creamy and silky texture, perfect to dip your naan in. We've also had their butter chicken and chicken curry. Both were excellent. They also offer traditional Indian dinners (vegetarian and meat) which have a little bit of everything. They're great for introducing Indian food to first timers. Oh, and the mango lassi is delicious! Since everything is a la carte it can get pricey, but the portions are generous. I have yet to try their lunch buffet.

It has a really nice atmosphere and is never overly crowded so you can have a nice conversation. The decor is also lovely. The staff is very friendly and helpful. They have a small market attached full of spices, medicines, bangles, hena kits and other various food items.

Really great restaurant!笑
Food-Good selection, everything tasted fresh
Environment-Very clean and great helpful service

Can't wait to return!笑
$10 unlimited and quality lunch buffet with fresh naan bread brought to the table. It can't really be beat. What's extra nice is the cleanliness and decor of this restaurant. It feels much fancier than you'd think with their maroon tablecloths and dark wood furniture.  The lunch buffet is very good, it has chicken tandoori and chicken masala, but also had all the regular vegetarian options and good chutneys. Everything was fresh and the servers were really attentive. I'll be back!笑
Haven't been here in ages, but I still love the food. I am looking forward to our meal and the mango lassi.笑
Great lunch buffet for a good price. If you want good, all you can eat Indian food for a cheap price, you should check this place out. It's not the best Indian food in the area, but it's still pretty tasty. Service was also excellent and my wife and I enjoyed the ambiance. I can't vouch for their dinners or for their take-out, which appear to gather the lower reviews, but I can speak for their lunch buffet. It's worth a try!笑
Went to Phoenix today visiting our son.  One of our favorite things to do is to find new Ethnic Restaurants.  We had some chores to do in and around Scottsdale and were craving some good Indian lunch Buffet.  We had heard about this place being a tasty and reasonable place to eat.  Funny, we got there fairly early even before noon on a Friday and the parking lot was full.  A good sign.  We walked into a beautifully appointed clean place with white table cloths, red napkins and that was another pleasant surprise The price for the buffet is $8.95 per person and well worth that. They were constantly filling up the trays.    The salad was crispy lettuce, tomatoes with an assortment of Indian dressings, a chutney, and some other wonderful dressing.  The chick pea salad was so good that I devoured 2 plates of that.  They also had a large bowl of what looked to be taco chips.  However, they were homemade and so crunchy with Indian flavoring.  I could have just eaten that alone.  I was pretty stuffed at this point.  The main dishes were Tandoori chicken, Curry chicken with a great sauce.  Another curry dish with potatoes and onions.   Of course rice and paneer which was also yummy.  A couple of simosa fritters which were a little tough but was still tasty.  Three different deserts.  Rice pudding was great to take the bite out of some of the moderately spicy  dishes.  Also a carrot pudding which if your'e Jewish reminded me of Tsimis. Not sure how to spell it.    There was also like a sponge cake ball fried crispy.  I just threw that into the rice pudding to end the meal.  The place was packed by the time we left about 1.30PM or so.  Lots of business people enjoying some heavenly treats.  Good price, good service.  What more can one ask for. No dinner for me tonight.笑
I live in a restaurant desert and had been craving Indian for about four months. This totally hit the spot. We started with one of each of the selection of for Indian beers. 
Then, we got tandoori chicken, which was cooked and seasoned to perfection. The Tikka Masala was also full of flavor. My husband had the shrimp vindaloo and said it was solid...not mind blowing, but good.  Aloo Gobi turned out to be a bit small for a main course and a bit dry. But that was the only disappointment. I was also surprised by the gratuity being included for four adults and three small children....but I guess the small people in our party are people too. A party of six is a party of six ....even if they are toddlers. 
Side note, said toddlers broke a vase in the bathroom and I told the server to charge us for that, but he didn't. We added quite a bit more to his tip so he can choose to replace the vase or live with karma. :) I'm just happy to have Indian in my belly.笑
Don't go. If there was a no star option, I would have chosen that. Awful buffet. Cold, stale food. Bad service. Never ever going back.笑
So good! Their rice is the best rice we've had in a long time. The servers are also very nice and helpful. They will ask how everything was and if they can do anything else for you, which wasn't typical of the last Indian restaurant we used to go to. This place was a must go. Garlic naan was awesome too!!!笑
Grabbed a lunch buffet to-go while running errands this afternoon. Priced at a reasonable $10 the styrafoam carton i packed with rice, veggie curries, pakoras, and tandoori chicken will feed me for days. Each to-go buffet is portioned one piece of delicious fresh naan. 

The curries were just okay (palek paneer, daal makhaini,  and aloo mutter). Palek "paneer," while flavorful, was disappointingly served without the paneer, my favorite part. Both the daal makhaini, aloo mutter were watery. The pakoras tasted like yesterday's leftovers, reheated and thrown on the buffet line. Mint chutney was delicious, some of the best i've had. The raita, also watery, added an extra tang to the curries. The tandoori chicken (legs n' thighs) while tasty, are a bit dry.  

Overall, I'd prefer the home-cooked and spicy palek paneer from Udupi Cafe. But for the price and convenience, the to-go lunch buffet from Indian Delhi Palace is a great deal.笑
Been here almost a dozen times. Good service. Open later than a lot of Phoenix restaurants.  Never crowded or noisy.  We are always trying something different and have never been unsatisfied.  Every dish is full of  intense flavor.  A must try!!!笑
Being south asian I always to to at least one restaurant to try their food every time i visit a city.   I was in Scottsdale area and by looking at the reviews I decided to go to Indian Delhi Palace.  

Their food relative to other south asian restaurants I've been too was very mediocre. We ordered two dishes for dinner (Lamb & Chicken) and they tasted stale. The chicken curry was really salty and reheated from that day's lunch buffet. The lamb tasted so bad that I ended up not eating it. The naans however were good, but then again how can you mess up naan.

Overall I'd say this place has very whitewashed bland south asian food with no flavor. If you go to a lot of south asian restaurants and know what the food should taste like then do not visit this place.笑
Tongue is dancing in delight as my cravings have been satisfied with perfectly seasoned spiciness.笑
I have had take-out and the buffet here. It's good, but not what I would expect. I've been to a lot of different Indian places, so I had an expectation of the food that didn't quite fit with what they offer. Still good, just different.笑
Our entrees didn't seem freshly prepared, especially my Chana Masala that looked like some dry, clustered up entree leftover from a lunch buffet.  I've never seen Chana Masala lump up like that unless it was my leftovers at home.  Garlic naan was average.  Prices were reasonable, but EXCLUDED rice.  Restrooms were deplorable.  Not sure I'll be back again anytime soon.笑
My wife and I never had a bad experience with the food here until tonight. We ordered some soup and my wife's soup had a bug -- unmistakably a bug -- in it. 

We complained to the management who tried to tell us it was cilantro. We told them we owned a restaurant and know what cilantro looks like and this was not it. It was black, with legs, clearly an insect of some sort. We took photos and videos of it because we felt it is our responsibility to warn people about this. 

What made this experience even worse was that not only did they try to argue with us but they also didn't even seem to care it happened. They just said there was nothing they could do about it. We even offered to pay them for the soup just to show it wasn't about money, it was about food hygiene and service. 

After tonight, we won't go back again.笑
Really nice indian. Location could be better, but that's just nit picking. Delicious food, hot is important, service adequate.But again GOOD FOOD.笑
We've been here 3-4 times since my first review.  Fewer flies and everything is great.  This is our go to place for great tikka masala.笑
I came here on August 20th to pick up an order that I placed over the phone. I had ordered garlic naan, chicken tikka masala, and vegetable pakora. Everything tasted EXCELLENT! The reason for the terrible review? Being conned into paying for rice. RICE! Something that should be included with a meal (the masala). 

I ordered this to go, so I did not check my order until I got into my car to leave. Upon inspection, there was no rice. I went back in and asked for the rice. I was told by a young man that I would have to pay. I don't think any one eats these entrees without rice. . . so I said ok. As I was being rung up, and the man having NO IDEA how to ring me up for rice (clue number 1 I was being conned). . . another man came up and was trying to help him. He also had no idea how to ring this up. And then ANOTHER gentleman came up and said "Oh, you forgot the rice? You will need to refund. . . " while young man number was trying to shush him. All of this happened without anyone acknowledging me and I ASSUMED that I would not be charged. Nope, I was.

All for $3.89. Food is GREAT. . . service and being conned earned you 1 star.笑
My coworker and I had a craving for Indian. I had no idea this place was so close. Got in, sat down and within minutes the waiter was at our table. I didn't even have a chance to scan the menu...lunch buffet it was.

The buffet was decent but not very extensive. As another Yelper wrote, I'm not really into drumsticks but in a pinch I can eat it. The Tandoori chicken was really good and the Chickpea Masala Chaat was out of this world. Honestly, I could have just had the Chickpea salad with naan.

This restaurant is great for a quick lunch - they'll get you in and out in no time! I'm not sure what dinner is like here but am definitely open to checking it out..笑
Great food and atmosphere. Had the mixed grill, a little bit everything on one piping hot plate.  Dessert was great too, always a fan of rice pudding.笑
For those who have come here and ordered anything lower than 7 on the spiciness scale, you shouldn't be eating Indian food in the first place. The Chinese buffet is down the road. 

That aside, my boyfriend and I have been here twice and have been blown away both times. We order the samosas, lamb vindaloo, chicken tiki masala, a veggie dish I can't remember the name of, garlic naan, and basmati. The first time we ordered a spice level of 8 and the second time 9. I'd prefer somewhere in between. 

The food makes it to the table quickly and is full of flavor. The two times we've been there for dinner, the service has been friendly and attentive, so I'm confused by the yelpers who bag on the wait staff.  We spent about 50 dollars on a ton of food (half is in the fridge to be enjoyed tomorrow as well) and it's always worth it. 

There's also a small market with a wide selection of authentic spices, marinades, chutneys and other ingredients so you can attempt to cook Indian at home.

We crave this restaurant constantly and would recommend it to anyone who thinks they know good Indian food!笑
Very satisfying fix for my travel-induced Indian food craving. Delicious lamb biryani and an eggplant dish the name of which I can't recall. Attentive, perhaps slightly pushy service. Definitely recommend.笑
Delicious! We had the vegetable curries, garlic naan, and a couple desserts. Very flavorful and the service was great. We will be going back.笑
This place is awesome!!! Great food, great ambiance, very clean, very professional. Definitely recommend to anyone looking to enjoy great Indian food.笑
Very good food. We orders the butter chicken and tandori chicken. Only thing you may consider is to go spicy. I went med and it was not spicy enough for me.笑
Needed a spot close to the airport. After reading reviews was skeptical but since we were going early gave it a shot. The food was fabulous and the big shocker was the service was excellent! Many reviews found the service horrible. We were very happy with our meal here and would return.笑
Excellent value and cuisine.  The buffet is amazing in quality and flavor. Best on days when they are serving the vegetable Korma.  Desserts are excellent as well.  I would recommend this long-standing restaurant to anyone!笑
There was a time, in infancy of this restaurant, that it was one of our go to lunch spots for our growing and thriving DotCom.

I had taken my daughters here countless of times. However, over the years, its luster had faded away as far as our palate appeal was concerned. There was never really anything wrong, it was just that there were now so many options, and we drifted away from one of the places that used to be our standard for Indian Cuisine Buffets.

My daughter had flown into town to greet her Dad a Happy Birthday, before she jets off to another country in a few days.

Since here memories of this place were no longer as vivid, she wanted to catch up and relieve one of her childhood standards.

This place is still quite elegant, and well appointed. The buffet has the typical dishes that one would expect; e.g., Tandoori Chicken, Tikka Masala, Basmati Rice, Saag Paneer, and several others.

We used to describe these dishes by their colors - The Red, the Orange, the White, and The Green ones, respectively.

Of course, there were other dishes, and desserts, but these have always been part of the main course.

The flavors of the dishes are still quite distinct and quite tasty. Nothing seemed overdone, overcooked, or overspiced. And their service is top notch. Their attentiveness to fill our glasses, provide copious amounts of Naan Bread, and clear our table of finishes plates were quite commendable.

The one additional that we did get to experience was the Jalebi. They are rounded, orange, sweet pretzel sticks. They definitely add a great dimension to those that have sweet tooths!

The place definitely has a quiet and relaxed atmosphere, and we never felt rushed to finish or intruded upon during our prolonged conversations.

And as far as a buffet is concerned, this is a great bargain; and a wonderful dining experience for those looking for alternatives to the typical lunch selections.笑
Really good Indian cuisine. Beautiful interior and great food. They'll give you the option of how spicy you want your food on a 1-10 scale. They appear to have a buffet option, though I haven't had the chance to try that yet, as it's for the lunch crowd only.笑
My all time favorite at IDP Chicken Tikka Masala, Peas Rice & Garlic Naan!!! Yummm笑
One word... CHICKEN TIKKA MASALA!

Ok...it's one word if you say it like I do. I like to say it fast so I can hurry up and get past the ordering part and on to the eating part.

This place is awesome. I ordered samosas, garlic naan, mixed grill (tandoori oven cooked variety of meats) and chickentikkamasala *giggle*. The mixed grill was good, but the naan and the masala was the highlight. I had to slap the hubby's hands to keep him from eating the whole thing...ok...by 'slap' I mean I may or may not have skewered his fingers with the fork, pinned them to the table and gleefully devoured the tender saucy piece of chicken as he sniffled something about needing an ambulance...we're so playful. 

DISCLAIMER: *No hubbies were actually harmed or manhandled before, during, or after the consumption of the delicious items procured from I.D.P. The improvised narrative describing the dinner-eating portion is fictional...the tastiness of the items we ordered is factual.笑
Fiance and I wanted to try out Indian food, so he looked up on Yelp (I taught him so well!) a place that was close to us that had pretty solid reviews and found this place. We had NEVER tried Indian food before, but we were both impressed. I was in love with the chicken tikka masala, it had such a different but very delicious taste to it. My fiance tried it and was impressed as well. We both aren't too fond of spicy foods, so we ordered both of our entrees mild. My fiance got the chicken curry and thought that was pretty good also, although we both agreed my entree was the best. The garlic naan was AMAZING, I fell in love with naan that night. The service was great, they were friendly, made sure we were okay and enjoying our experience, and they kept our drinks filled. We will definitely be back to this place.笑
First time visiting. 
Good reviews looked good and they were accurate. 
I have to admit, this was a great culinary experience, not just for my guests but also for me. I hadn't been to an indian restaurant since arriving in the USA. 
It was worth the wait!
Spice, heat, flavour, goodness. All in several dishes.
Side note: the little store attached to the restaurant had a variety of sauces that I could only get in Australia. I will definitely be back to pick up local specialist items!笑
WOW! Haha...yeah this place is cool. Just looking at it makes me feel cool. Not gonna lie, I was a little skeptical coming here because honestly, it's not in the best part of town, but it's great. Come here. I judge a place by its Chicken Korma my favorite Indian dish. And this place did a fantastic job. The Biryani was a little lack luster but it still had great flavor. The cashier guy was super nice, he engaged in painful small talk with me haha. That's a plus! And man! BOLLYWOOD MUSIC! I got my food to go so I didn't get a chance to get the whole experience as a sit down customer but I'm sure it's just as good. Enjoy! Thank you!笑
Seems like they have too much business and are way too busy. I called twice asking to speak to whoever i need to to inquire about holding a party for my upcoming event. Both of the times i was told that i will be called back but they never did. I guess you dont need my business. I will be happy to take it elsewhere.笑
Delicious. I loved the chicken tika masala and the garlic naan. The service was really good as well. Definitely will be back soon.笑
I've never had indian food prior to coming here. After coming here I fell in love with it!! Oh my god their lunch buffet is the freaking best!! So many bold tasty flavors! Love love love it. I'm obsessed I seriously go there once a week now lol. It's my new addiction.

Oh yeah ask for the garlic naan!! Yummy omg it's also free :)

Update: 01/2017
I lied the garlic naan isn't free.笑
Fantastic food and great environment. The lunch buffet is the bomb. The three different chicken dishes are out of this world. The bread the waiters bring is mouth watering and the price is very reasonable. A must go to if you like Indian food.笑
Awesome vegetarian food here. We tried shahi paneer and dum aloo . Both were awesome and naan was fantastic!!.though mango lassi was disappointing!!!笑
Yes I would say this place is good. Service a little slow maybe but the quality of the food was very good. Nice atmosphere.笑
We've recently moved to Phoenix and we've been looking for a fantastic Indian restaurant (and I think we've found it!)

The restaurant is nice, with nice decor. The service was friendly and quick. The waiter was a pro and we loved one to ten spicy-scale for our dishes. I ordered Veggie Korma, he got the Chicken Tikka Masala,  and we shared some Naan and the 'assorted snacks' (Vegetable Pakora, Samosa, Sheesh Kabab, Papadum). Everything was DELICIOUS. Giant food baby. We'll be back for the lunch buffet and we can't wait.笑
Cockroach on table (and a neighboring table). Lamb super mealy. Wine bottle "opened" in back and then brought to table with cork from another bottle. No apologies. Just arguments. You've been warned.笑
I think this place maybe the best Indian food in the valley but if compared to the DC area,LA, Chicago, or the Bay area, it would be at best average笑
Yes, I am totally deducting a star because they charge for soda refills. Not just charge refill price (which is ridiculous anyway), but charge you for a WHOLE ADDITIONAL SODA when you get a refill. Who the eff does that? I can quite honestly say I'm never going here again, because I only crave Indian when I'm hungover and full flavored (not diet) ice cold coke is a hangover necessity. I'm not going to pay for each one I down, that could bankrupt me. Plus, everyone knows fountain soda costs like 4 cents a piece, who are they trying to fool?笑
Great, authentic, delicious Indian food.  We are always excited to make the trip over here, knowing we'll get some REAL Indian food.  The samosas, garlic naan, biryani, and lamb korma are among my favorites, and should always be had with a mango lassi.  Ah, perfection.  

The only thing that is making me hesitant to give that last star is their lunch buffet.  Not the biggest selection - which wasn't a huge deal... still plenty to eat. The problem was the temperature of everything.  I was seriously afraid that I was going to get food poisoning (I didn't, thank goodness).  This can not be a safe temp to keep food at for more than 10 minutes!  Although, the husband claims that it is pretty much the same at all Indian buffets... you can tell, I usually just order off the menu wherever I go.  

Definitely stick to the menu, and your experience will be 5-stars.  Attempt the buffet at your own risk...笑
Stopped in for lunch on a weekday.  Service was excellent in giving advice on what is popular and what we might enjoy, they were spot on. Food was delicious and timely. I'll gladly be going back.笑
I have eaten at this place four times in the last two years. Initially I was not a big fan of it, but in the last year the food at this restaurant has gotten so much better. 
My husband and I are big paneer fan, we loved their Shahi Paneer, and Malai Koftas of their Ala carte menu. Their Raita is really good too. The only draw back is that they charge for plain rice. Usually rice is given with curries for free. I chose to over look that glitch because the food was so good. I hope this helps!笑
Simply fantastic. A buffet every day!  A great way to get even with otherwise high prices. 
The food is delicious. Prepared with live. 
Always a variety and taste freshly prepared. 
 The folks are warm and friendly. Service with a smile makes dinning all the better. 
Consistently great eating. Yummmm!笑
Uh-May-Zing

This was my first time eating Indian food and I am now a new  fan of it! My cousin who loves Indian food and was visiting from LA said it was the best Indian food she has ever had! The location is cool because they give you a taste of the Indian style and culture from the moment you enter the parking lot where the building has a palace shape and their is a cool looking mural on the large wall. The inside is pretty nice and the Indian cultural theme continued here with a homely feel because it is owned by one family it seemed. The chicken masala I ordered was impeccable and just my taste at a level 6 spiciness and the garlic naan was mouthwatering with the yogurt dipping sauce. The place is pretty nice but there's no need to overdress here. Best part was that they offered a 15% Yelp check in discount! Also, they have an attached spice shop if you are interested.笑
Great food. Buffet was tasty. Packed as soon as they opened. Restaurant has authentic feel. Will definitely be back.笑
I don't understand the low rating for this restaurant. 

- Great ambiance relative to the numerous other Indian restaurants I have been to.

- Good service, water was refilled 3 times, naan was replaced immediately upon decimation. 

- PRICE. With the yelp deal its incredibly cost effective to get full off of good indian food. 

- The food was good, not great, not bad, but good. 

Of course I always compare a meal relative to how much I paid. I paid $5 dollars for AYCE indian food that had a decent selection of food, all of which was delicious. For 5 bucks this place is as good as it gets. 

Always review relative to how much you paid. If you rate this place any less than 3 stars you are truly a snob.笑
I think this place has really gone downhill.  I visited the buffet for Sunday lunch.  The food was barely warm, ridiculously greasy, and I found a hair in my food. Gross.笑
I haven't eaten a lot of Indian food so when I cam across this place on yelp, I was like cool, they have a buffet. Let's see what this is about. I went for lunch, it was like eleven dollars. The decor was nice but the food, not so such. It was okay, flavor wise but the buffet was small. There wasn't much to choose from and what was there was kinda old, looks like it was sitting out for a while. I basically just at the chicken Marsala and rice, which I enjoyed. Everything else just looked unappetizing due to the presentation. Maybe they do a better job for dinner, I don't know.笑
Our normal Indian place was closed so we decided to try the next highest suggestion on Yelp. Unfortunately, we were let down.

We started with the assorted snacks. The single shish kabob was almost dried and the neat didn't taste very fresh. Papadum was supposed to be included in the snacks, but like other places we were given that when we sat down. It shouldn't be listed in the assorted snacks if they aren't going to give you more. 

For dinner we ordered chicken tikki masala with garlic naan, as well as the goat masala from the "chefs specialties" portion of the menu. Being that this was a specialty you would think it would be pretty good. Unfortunately more than half of the chunks of "meat" were bone. The flavor was decent when you finally found a piece of meat.

The chicken tikki masala was not as flavorful as others I've had in the past and the meat was tough. Yes, tough chicken. The garlic naan was a a little too burnt too.

When if finally came time to get the check the server was ignoring us. We had the plates stacked and ready for clearing. He walked by multiple times before he finally seemed to notice we were ready. At which point he tried to force dessert on us. By the time the whole ordeal was over o was just glad I had cash on me so we didn't have to wait on him again. 

If you're looking for great Indian food try Flavors of India a couple miles away. I won't be returning to Indian Dehli Palace笑
Excellent service, beautiful atmosphere, and the best indian food in Phoenix. Highly recommended!笑
Still as good as it has been for the two decades that I have been going to Indian Delhi Palace.笑
I went here once with a friend.

We had the lunch buffet which was average. 

Until, I saw two cockroaches crawling around. Not, even your normal cockroaches but, gigantic cockroaches.

I couldn't eat anymore but, for some odd reason my other friend did.笑
We ordered take out from this place through Postmates. The food was delicious. The chicken tikka masala was amazing...not super creamy...very spicy. It was a truly stand out dish. Everything else was good too and we got several items. The take out service was pretty fast. The four stars is because they didn't  serve rice with any of the dishes we ordered and most of them are usually served over rice. I had ordered a side of rice for the kids and that was the only rice that came with the meal. 
We would definitely order from here again.笑
3.5 stars. Ate for the first time here last weekend, and the food was great! I recommend getting one of the complete dinners if you are not familiar with what's good to order. Atmosphere is quiet and decor is a little rough around the edges, but a good place to go for a casual meal. Servers are polite, but come across lackluster in their contribution to your dining experience, although that seems to be a trend at most Indian restaurants reviewed on Yelp. 4 stars: food. 3 stars: atmosphere/service笑
Lately, I can't seem to get enough of South Asia in my belly. I have my Valley favorites (India Gate in Chandler and The Dhaba in Tempe), but I wanted to give a new joint a go. So I decided to try the rather palatial-looking India Delhi Palace in East Phoenix because I had heard good things about its lunch buffet.  Luckily, my foodie friends aren't liars. 

I arrived shortly before the lunch rush. I was greeted promptly and politely. I then asked if the buffet had a large selection of vegetarian options, and he actually gave me a brief but thorough tour of the veggie offerings, which, much to my delight, comprised much of the buffet. I promptly filled my plate with aloo matar and daal maharani. But don't worry, omnivores; there were plenty of delicious-looking meat dishes on the slate as well. 

The food was very tasty, but what makes this place stand up above other Indian buffets was the exceptional, attentive service. A team of servers worked to make sure I received fresh naan with my meal, my water glass was always filled and any questions I had were answered. I don't expect much in the way of help when it comes to buffets, so this was a pleasant surprise. 

I will definitely be back one of these days to try something from the menu (bengan bhartha, I'm looking at you).笑
It is probably the best Indian food I have tasted in the Phoenix metro area. However, I have not been to many establishment since relocating. Indian food was more accessible in the Washington DC area. 

The place is clean, and the buffett options were limited, however, they went straight for the staples. Rice, Tikka Chicken Masala Chicken, Paneer, Pakoras, and a few other items. I will consider this place every few months. Its not my go-to spot.笑
Lunch buffet review:
There are plenty of options on the buffet line, not like a Chinese restaurant though, where it might take 30 minutes going to multiple islands of food. Here there is just one island, but the options were great, and you won't go away hungry. I tried a little bit of everything and then went back for my favorites (don't ask me to name them, just go with my strategy of eating a little of everything on the first pass through the buffet). 
Pleasant staff, who also brought the naan (why does naan always taste soooo good?). I enjoyed my experience here and would definitely eat here again.笑
Food was absolutely amazing! I got a carafe of cab and the non vegetarian dinner, which comes with a bit of everything. The chicken curry was by far the best curry I've eaten. But in all honesty everything from the naan to the rice to the pistachio ice cream and tea was amazing. I will definitely be back and often since the prices are pretty reasonable. I took one star off because the servers seemed bothered that we were there and weren't entirety helpful when we had questions, one server kept whispering everything then just basically walked away before seeing if we understood. Thankfully my friend was there who is a veteran Indian food eater and explained all the meal items to me.笑
I highly recommend coming in for the buffet! It was the bomb! For $9.99 you can try pretty much everything on the menu. It's expensive if you do a la cart items. 

Service was excellent. Very clean restaurant. The buffet is fresh items. If you feel like anything may have been sitting, they replace it immediately, no questions asked. 

My favorite was the chicken curry and garlic nan. To. Die. For. I'll be going back for sure.笑
went here with my bf and his friend. came in at 7pm. took 10 minutes for someone to even realize we walked in the door..then took about 35 min to even get our food. they didn't seem very friendly. luckily, the food is pretty good [i've eaten indian food in europe before and it almost stood up to that.] i just didn't care for how slow they were.笑
I used to love this place, food was fresh and tasty, staff were friendly and attentive, but I don't know if the sell the place maybe? . Sadly This is NOT definitely what it used to be.

Salad was really old, vegetables were not crunchy anymore, same with fruits, the red chicken..I don't remember the name..was dry and over cooked, the waiter totally ignore us, and the restaurant was not really busy when we visited... We got water once, and he literally disappeared , not even visible to call him back, we also usually get naan twice, not this time for same reasons...

I'm disappointed visiting this restaurant used to be a very pleasant experience, I doubt to visit again...if I need to "beg" for service and "tip" after all...and visiting this business again, well something is wrong with me.笑
Let me just preface this review by saying that it does pain me to write a negative review about almost any establishment in the valley.  Unfortunately for India Delhi, it has to be done.  Honestly, I have not dined inside this restaurant, my experience is purely from multiple take out orders over the past year.

Living in Arcadia and loving food as I do, I am lucky in the fact that I do not have to travel far to enjoy ethnic culinary delights that other cultures have to offer.  If your a foodie in the 21st century, Indian food is all over your radar.  India Delhi, found at 54th street and McDowell in Phoenix, fits the bill of almost every other Indian restaurant in the valley. Nice external building, clean looking restaurant and the normal tinctures related to that region of the world.  

Always friendly and eager to take your order, the young gentleman at the front counter has never let me down in taking care of my to go order. Always checking each container to make sure it has the correct contents, etc.  On the Saturday I am referencing for this review, the young man was not there, but the owner and his wife were. In my opinion, Indian food is not a cheap venture. I always find myself wanting to try a dish as well as getting a staple that I know is going to be solid. When you add in the extra charge for rice(never included), yogurt sauce(not included), etc, the bill for myself and companion always tops $40.  I usually do not gripe as I know the quality will be there and I just love the food, what can I say.

On this Saturday though, something was different. This was evident from the moment I walked in the door, I could not put my finger on it, but something was just not vibing.  The owners wife(or co owner for all I know) was at the counter and asked if I wanted the buffet. I politely turned it down as I am not a fan of buffet food, especially with Indian cuisine.  I politely turned that down and proceeded to order tandoori chicken, saag paneer, chicken biryani, basmati rice and some naan.  

What happened next is not something I will forget soon.  I watched as the owner walked out of the kitchen with the pan in hands and used the spinach for my saag paneer from the buffet.  The owners and my eyes met as he processed that I saw what he was doing.  In that moment, the owner sold and gave up all his culinary credibility. He proceeded to head back to the kitchen to use said items.  

I waited for another fifteen minutes and took my order home.  What did I find? The chicken biryani, the only item I might add not in the buffet, was extremely hot, almost too hot to touch.  The saag paneer was warm at best. The tandoori chicken was a collection of small legs(customary for Indian buffets) and once again, not hot.  I knew what had happened and could not help feeling beyond annoyed with the situation.
 
Normally, I just deal with what is, I do not ever send food back and especially on to-go orders.  This time was different, I could not let it go.  I called the restaurant and without pause the owner got on, knowing exactly who I was and what the problem was. He put up a fight for around 20 seconds saying that he just used the spinach as a base for the saag paneer and what not, but then finally just apologized and said he would "make it right."  

I do not really see myself going back here, but who knows.  This is a good excuse to venture out and try some more of the valleys offerings in this arena.笑
My husband and I went here for the lunch buffet. The atmosphere is very nice, and the food tasted wonderful. So, what's the rub? Their palak paneer had no paneer! There was a full tray of the curry only. My husband asked about this, and the waiter said he'd find out. When my husband asked again, the waiter said the kitchen had chopped up the paneer and put it in the curry. I don't like calling people liars, but when we sampled some we didn't see or taste and cheese. I've been to India and never seen such a thing, and my friends from India haven't either. One thing I love about Indian food that separates it from other curries is that they have cheese curry, so this was quite the bummer. If you aren't a stickler like me, you will love this place. Excellent flavor on everything.笑
This is my favorite Indian restaurant in Phoenix. The food is always the best tasting of places I've been to, and probably the least "watered down" in terms of spice. The place is modeled to look like a little taj mahal which is kinda goofy, but it's very nice inside and out. They have a delicious buffet for lunch with a menu that changes almost daily, unlike a lot of indian buffets where they have the same items for a week on the buffet line. The service is always good, even the first time I went I ordered chicken curry (I'd never had indian food) because it was a safe bet. The man asked me if I wanted an order of naan or rice and I didn't really want to order anything else. He said "well how are you going to eat the curry? with a spoon?" and brought me a basket of bread on the house. He knew I was trying something for the first time and wanted me to enjoy my experience. I've been back quite a few times and tried just about every other Indian place in town, and this one is still by far the best.笑
Best Indian Buffet ever!!! My favorites were the naan of course and the tandori chicken.笑
A craving for Indian food.. popped in here about 230p...The waiter seemed a bit annoyed when we didnt sit and jump right at the buffet..BUT I hadnt had time to look..buffet or no..offer the menu! All in all....since I couldnt decide, my friend and I opted for garlic naan and the buffet.. Chicken curry is a fav of mine..but maybe Im spoiled..I like it to contain more than chicken legs .. Ive actually only had it boneless.. (probably not traditional.!).. I liked the curry , but not the chicken.. Im kind of a white meat girl... Loved the daal... the fritters, the raita.. the mango lasse.. the aloo mattar... yum... a new fav... NOW heres where they FAIL... not 5-8 minutes after agreeing to the buffet and serving ourselves... the waiter comes back and asks if we are done with the buffet.. Kind of a WTH look came across our faces?? I mean did he kind of lure us to buffet it...away from menu...just to rush us ?? Yeah...no.. wrong... SO, we proceed to get another selection of items on another plate.. small table now full.. as they took away the buffet.. I mean, are you serious!? Just let a customer know that when they sit... 'oh btw, get your buffet.. if not its going away...'.. 
The naan rocked.. its large and enough for 3... I just always feel at a buffet per norm.. I dont get my moneys worth.. I dont eat alot.. So I sample when at buffets... this lunch buffet, for the short time it was 'there'... was priced right..笑
As I'm crusin' from PHX airport to my hotel, I randomly see a sign for this Indian restaurant and immediately hit the brakes and make a U-turn to stop in for lunch!  I had my doubts, really I did.  I don't ever do Indian buffets because its guaranteed to disappoint me so I opted for the regular menu.  Delicious shrimp madras is what I got (extra spicy) and garlic naan...yummy, yum, YUM!笑
Amazing food and even better service. Also has a great atmosphere where they take good care of you and do not rush you. Really nice place to sit down and have a great meal.笑
I am a sucker for Indian food and I've tried quiet a few different places. This one is at the bottom of list and I will not go here again, that's for sure. The quality and taste of the food are not great. The service is far from good. We were with a friend who is allergic to green bell peppers, so we specifically asked the waitress if the dish we were ordering contained any of them or was cooked with them, she said no. As we got out food thank God our friend didn't start eating it because we found a green pepper in there right away. Again, not coming back to this place and highly don't recommend it.笑
What a gem this place is! It was my first time ordering here- ordered take out. My experience was phenomenal. I was greeted very kindly by the owner right when I walked in the door! The nicest man! I didn't know he was the owner at the time but I could tell he really takes care of his customers! To the Food- The Tikka Masala and garlic bread was to die for! THE BEST IVE EVER HAD! So happy I finally found real Indian food! Phenomenal! I will keep coming back!笑
Rand H. and myself went here for lunch today.The place is big and very nicely decorated it is probably one of the more fancier Indian restaurants.They had your typical Indian buffet items that were all good,but the tandoori chicken tasted like benzene. Other than that the food was all pretty good so I will give these guys a solid 3 star review笑
Came with friends and ordered med hot for all our dishes, they were fantastic! Everything we ordered was delicious! Ask me what we ordered and i couldn't tell you, we asked the waiter to order for us!!! He brought a great selection. Now the wait staff were really in need of some customer skills training. sorry to say but true. Our older gentleman waiter seemed annoyed with us because we really had no idea as what to order. Sorry. it was our first time. and next door to the place is their store where you can buy goodies, just make sure to check all expiration dates before you purchase anything. Will definitely go back, this was a wonderful out of the ordinary place to have some amazingly different food.笑
Ordered take-out from here on Ubereats.  Was disappointed to find that the entrees did not come with rice, so we ended up having to make our own rice.  We had ordered naan, but we also like to eat the curries with rice.  Also we selected spice level of 5 out of 10 for both our entrees, but one entree was extremely spicier than the other.  

The samosas were good and I enjoyed the green dipping sauce.  The saag was very good.笑
We went to Indian Delhi Palace this weekend for their lunch buffet and were pretty dissapointed.  I would like to go back and try something off the menu, but I've had a better Indian buffet in Tempe.  The selection of food was quite limited and we had to wait forever for service.  The only saving grace was that the food we did have was pretty good.  The chicken tikka masala was really salty on the second trip to the buffet.  Strange almost like they dumped a cup of salt in.  

I've heard this a great place so I'm probably going to give it one more try.  The best part of the lunch buffet was the price: $8.99 per person.笑
Great lunch buffet, for the price, you get a ton of different types of food to try.  The naan is great and piping hot.  I will say that their chicken tikki masala is not my favorite but overall for the ambiance, this place is super pretty and delicious!笑
Delhi Palace saved my dinner party! I was getting over a nasty 24-hour bug, and was panicked about how on earth I was going to be able to pull off a vegetarian duel birthday dinner party for my Scorpio-signed, non-meat eating folks. 

My boyfriend suggested ordering a bunch of food for everyone. I was non-too-thrilled by this suggestion, but felt I had nothing better to offer. Cooking, cleaning and preparing for the party would have surely put me over the edge, so I went along with it.

The responsibility of ordering for everyone sort of put me in a state of quiet anxiety, but I knew I needed to bite the bullet.  Ordering for 13 people I got the following:

APPS
3 Vegetable Pakora (6/order) apps - too salty, over done, wouldn't order again
5 Samosa (2 large per order) apps - we split them in 2 so there would be 20. They were gone in minutes.  So delicious, and really reasonable at $2.49/order
DINNER
1 Vegetable Korma - excellent, should have ordered 2 of them
2 Daal Maharani - excellent, and there was nothing left
2 Bengan Bharta - too salty, wouldn't order this again, hardly touched
2 Palak Paneer - excellent, a true hit
1 Malai Kofta - delicate and delicious


Oh, how could I forget, we ordered lots of Garlic Naan, and a platter of Basmati rice.  The apps came with mint chutney and tamarind chutney, and I ordered raita (cool whipped yogurt) to drizzle over the spicy preps.

Dinner was around $170. It was entirely worth it.  No stress, no mess, and everyone was thanking us for the Indian treats. Plus, we had Indian food for dinner the next night!

What I gleaned from this experience was I could have definitely ordered less food.  There was tons of left overs.  I would say that one dinner dish safely satisfies 2 guests.  Favorites were: Palak Paneer, Vegetable Korma, Daal Maharani, Garlic Naan, Samosas.

One last thing, this place has the best Indian Buffet in town... if you're into that sort of thing (wink).笑
Not a bad spot to check out at all. Great place to drop by and grab a quick lunch if you are in the area. 

The location has plenty of parking and serves thier buffet from 11-4:30 for lunch, which is great if you are running late for lunch during the week.  They offer many of the familar basics and the food is brought out pretty consistently.  The flavors are good, not great and not very spicy. Most items are mild, which is probably done so that it can suit more people.  I am used to most being at least medium.  The location has comfortable seating and lots of it. They are attentive and it is very clean. They have both meat and vegetarian options as well and they are served on separate parts of the buffet.  

Check them out if you are nearby and if you have never tried indian food because you are worried it's too spicy, this may be a good place to give it a try.笑
Just moved to this area and tried this place for the first time. Lovely, attentive staff and nice interior. The food was amazing. We had samosas, chicken tikki masala, curry shrimp and garlic naan. I can't wait to go back and try more dishes. A little pricey (never had to order rice seperately) but worth it.笑
Decent. Food is a little pricy, but gets the job done. The ambiance is nice. As far as taste is concerned, I'd recommend the Tempe Dehli Palace over this place. Regardless, this restaurant is nice and centrally located.笑
I  just ordered Malai kofta a vegetarian dish. The quantity was so little for the price and it was really salty. But the chicken biryani I ordered along  with it was not bad.  I still would not be ordering from this place again.笑
While leaving Scottsdale to drive home, the hubby and I found this place randomly without me Yelping. (Which I never do now that Yelp and I have such a deep and intimate relationship.) But lo and behold, it wasn't so bad! It wasn't the best or varied Indian lunch buffet ever, but the food was right on, the veggies were good, the mango lassi was yummy, and the naan was spot on. My only  complaint was that I was cold the whole time. But that was probably just me. Good place for a lunch buffet here in Phoenix.笑
The worst service ever :( They messed up our food and we complained we go yield at. I will take my money some were else. There are plenty of Indian restaurants in the valley, and you just lost a customer :(笑
We have been long time dinners at Indian Delhi Place. I do not like to enter negative reviews but I must.

We had dinner here on Wednesday 08/06/2014. The service has taken a nose dive along with the quality of the food. We usually order a spice level of 5 but this time it was a 7+. I could over look that but there was a major problem

I attempted to pay the $49.78 bill via a $50 Debit Card I received for a test drive of a Lincoln. They ran that card 3 times claiming it was rejected and wanted another form of payment. I used my Amex Card for a total of $59.78--$49.78 + tip. After I arrived home, I checked the Debit Card and discovered the charge of $49.78 was listed as the card had a balance of $00.22. I called Delhi Palace back and they still claimed the Debit Card was rejected. They just spoke LOUDER that I was wrong. They refused to do anything about the double payment.

I told them that I would do a chargeback on my Amex Card and just completed that. I contacted the Debit Card Company for assistance on this double payment.

What could the Indian Delhi Palace have done to resolve this? Very easy--just check your income statement from the debit card and charge cards for that night. But all they did was to talk louder that the debit card was rejected. 

I speak ENGLISH and I clearly understand what took place!

08/08/14 UPDATE

The debit card company sent me paperwork to file. There was information that my debit card was swiped 3 times and the purchase was APPROVED. Amex will be given a copy of this information.  Indian Delhi Palace needs a better customer service plan or this type of issue can take place again. Who's next?笑
Delicious food with consistent quality.  Always pleased with lunch selection but the menu is where this restaurant succeeds.  Deep rich flavored, fresh ingredients and any level of spice you can handle.笑
We decided to stray from our normal Indian place and glad we did. I loved the atmosphere here and the decor was awesome. They have a little store attached as well with spices and ingredients, etc. The service was good and the food was fresh and delicious!笑
This place is delicious. Seriously some of the best Indian food I have had. But it is seriously ridiculous to have to pay for rice separately from your entree. Additionally, the service was unbelievably slow. I had two beers before I saw my entree.