Went to eat at Big Chris tonight walked in at 10pm and was rudely told they were closing. 

Open sign was on, scheduled closing time was advertised for 11 that's why we wanted to eat there as most restaurants are closed in Newmarket before 10. 

Would liked to have tried the food but I guess I never will as I can't see myself going back again after the cold reception.Ǿ
Went there a few times and trust me worst place and I saw the kitchen and it was so drity. I see a worker put out garbage and return to the kitchen didnt even was his hands. but most of all food dry and sucks never again Big Bones kills it anytime... No stars for meǾ
Have stopped in twice so far. I really like the old house vibe. The service has been good, and they have some nice frosty beers on tap.

Was in once on wing night. You can't beat the price, but the wings had a rubbery consistency that I just don't like. The flavour was good though. And the fries were tasty.

The second visit resulted in the dirty burger. This burger with pulled pork is a monster. It was so big I had to ask how to eat it. They suggested taking half of the pulled pork off to eat separately. This meal had so much potential. Where it did not measure up was that the pulled pork was cold. Very disappointing.

So far I have enjoyed hanging out here and drinking some beers. The food has let me down, but there's so much potential. With a few tweaks to each meal I'd rate Big Chris Newmarket 4.5 stars. Will give it another go soon and hope they've got things zeroed in.Ǿ
amazing. huge portions .awesome price and the BEST brisket ever!! Wings are the size of your hand and Chris is amazing .size does matter . the original is in barrie and he now has one in wasaga now tooǾ
Just came from eating here and was very dissapointed especially after reading the reviews that it was a good place to go. I had the burger which was burnt and really dry. The fries were the best part of the meal. My husband had the rib/ chicken wing combo. The ribs were crispy and really dry. The wings were Ok. Best part of that meal was the beans. They were delicious actually. The service was sooooo slow. We waited 10 minutes just to order a drink and another 10 minutes to order our food. Right after we ordered our food another couple came in and 45 minutes later they got their food and we didn't get ours until 15 minutes after that. No reason or apology for why our food came after theirs or why it took so long considering there was only 5 tables in there. Definitely won't go back. Much better BBQ places in Newmarket to go toǾ
Orleans Restaurant changed into a BBQ joint--good move!  You can never have enough good BBQ restaurants.

My reference baby back ribs fell off the bone!  To compare the contenders:  Big Chris' ribs are equal in tenderness to Mo Jo, but with the more common Texas or Kansas City sweetness rather than Mo Jo's savoury Carolina style. Big Chris' ribs are similar in flavour to Big Bone, but considerably more tender.

I had the Rib and Wing combo at $19.  The 8 meaty wings were nicely done, with several different sauces available. Sides included beans, cole slaw and fries, with everything heaped on a plate.

This restaurant is more of a "ribs and beer" joint, since it once was a night club.  The little stage remains, although I didn't check if they do have performers booked.

At this rate, Newmarket is turning into a great rib town.Ǿ
Was in the area doing some shopping and saw this place featured on a local TV program. I wanted to stop by for lunch but they weren't open until 4pm. Ended up eating elsewhere and coming back to get some takeout b/c I really wanted to give this place a try.

Tried their Sampler menu option to get a taste of everything. Wings were great. Ribs tasted good, albiet a little dry. Beef Brisket Sandwich was pretty good but I had better Pulled Pork Sandwich elsewhere just across the street. Now the Fries - they were absolutely horrid beyond belief! Looked burnt and did not taste fresh - as if they refired some leftover fries from the previous night. 

Food portions were not as big as portrayed on TV.

Overall, I would not come back even if I were in the area again. So many other places I rather try instead.Ǿ
Disappointing.  Back ribs were ok but not worth going back for. Big Bone is a better choice for ribs. I love BBQ and wished for a better experience. Not worth wasting your time here.