Yo yO! I've been here a few times in the past 3 years, never leave unhappy.  Yo!

The food is delicious and the atmosphere is very Japanese. With their Japanese decor, Japanese music in the background (its a first for me to hear Japanese music at a Japanese restaurant, what a concept! ) and as well their tight setup...which makes it feel like a downtown Tokyo eatery!

great food at Toronto prices*

check out some photos I posetd!

Yo Yo as well carries a few Korean dishes;  like bulgogi and kimchi.

if you live in Georgetown and the surrounding area and don't want to drive to Toronto for some authentic Japanese food, give YO YO a try!

lates Yo!Ǿ
Lovely restaurant. 
When you arrive on the parking lot you could be hesitant but don't be. 
Once inside the decoration takes you to Japan. Smily waitresses and adorable individual dining places separated by paper wall. 
The sushis are very good. Not too much rice. The sashimis melt in your mouth. Delicious. We also tried the Gyoza and they were pretty good. 
Only bad point... The music! Kind of bad interpreted classic music. Far from the Japanese ambiance required. 

I will come back anyway. 
Excellent quality price ratioǾ
Been going here over 10 years. I have gone to many many Japanese restaurants and none compare. 

Try the 'big yam roll', the tempura and be sure to get extra tempura sauce. The BEST tempura sauce you'll ever try.Ǿ
The hostess makes you feel like family. Her memory is impeccable, remembering your favourite items from one visit to another. The presentation of the food is visually appealing, and the food quality is very good. Dishes are consistent. You never have to worry that something will taste or look different one day to the next. The service is excellent. The prices are fair.Ǿ
Thanks to yelp i found another great place to eat nearby. The decor and atmosphere of this restaurant is nice. They had good veggie options and the food and service was really nice.Ǿ
Great place in Georgetown!  I was extremely surprised as walking up to this place, it looked a like a house.  But once you get in , the atmosphere is very nice, very cute and quaint.
We were seated in a private booth, which was very intimate,

Sushi was rolled very well, and tasty.  We ordered a boat, so had an extreme amount of selection.

Service was top notch.

The only thing it is a bit small, but when we went it was not that busy.

So far this is my favourite place in brampton/saugaǾ
I have been going to this restaurant since it opened.  New ownership.   The atmosphere and decor is still great.   Now...The food is fresh, but lacklustre.   Last night I ordered the Sushi & Sashimi Dinner $25.95 and i was dissappointed with the selection.   It consisted of the following:
Sashimi:  4 pc salmon, 4 whitefish, 4 tuna
Sushi:  2 pc salmon, 2 tuna, 1 eel, 1 shrimp
Rolls:   4 California roll

I was disappointed that they didn't give a good selection of seafood.  For 25.95 i would have expected at least one piece of yellowtail, squid, maybe 2 shrimp, 2 eel, octopus, mackerel....etc.   

The old ownership did it right.  Hopefully new ownership reads this and gets the message...because i do like the place.  There are many other options out there.Ǿ
Excellent rolls! Shared a combo that had spicy tuna, salmon and dynamite, all very good. Coming from Vancouver we know good sushi. Skip the all you can eat if you're looking for quality in this area come here.Ǿ
The first time I ate at this place was in 2013 ... and the food was not that good.  But in 2016 ... I decided to give it another try and found that it was much better.  Not sure why it was not as good in 2013.  In any event, this is a great place for Sushi in Georgetown now that I will go more often.  Way to go!Ǿ
Very good sushi here! The staff are very friendly. Great service, and wonderful food! I come here all the time, and recommend it to anyone who loves Japanese cuisine.Ǿ
My family is very picky and it's very hard to find a restaurant that they all like.  Saw the reviews on Yelp! and decided to give You Yo Sushi a try.  After bribing kids to come in, it was immediately apparent that the place was neat and well decorated.  The music was nice and unlike many places, set at a reasonable level.  

We ordered the dinner bento boxes and they were delicious. Everybody was satisfied!  We worried the portions may be small but they were more than enough.  The meal was capped with a nice cut orange and we left feeling full and looked forward to a return visit.Ǿ
I was never really a fan of sushi until I came to this place. The restaurant decor and atmosphere is so welcoming. You actually feel like you're in Japan! 

The food is delicious and they provide great service! Will definitely be recommending this place to friends.Ǿ
Ask the chef for his favorite roll today.

This is a great little place, Nothing of course like sushi places on the west coast, but for George Town middle of no where.. it was pretty good.Ǿ
Alright. I have lived in several different places over the years, all over North America, and I can tell you that this is the -best Japanese food I have ever had- and is among the most gorgeous restaurants I've eaten in. I love the private booths and the decor is awesome.

Nothing compares to it. It feels like I'm actually eating in Japan (disclaimer: I've never been to Japan so I have no idea what it's like to eat there but a girl can dream).

The free sushi they give you (or gave you? It's been a while, lol) is amazingly delicious and I wish that it existed at a Japanese restaurant that isn't in another country from where I live now (but hey, that's what keeps me coming back to Georgetown... OK probably that my family still lives there too, lol). 

The quality of food here is just amazing, and it is very fairly priced for what it is.

There was one time I came to pick up an order I had phoned in and it wasn't ready yet when I arrived so they gave me a bowl of green tea ice cream to have while I waited. You just don't get that level of awesomeness anywhere but here.

I will see you soon YoYo!Ǿ
This was the best sushi I've ever had! First time dining in Georgetown as I came here to visit my friend. We decided to go with sushi,  and as per her mom's recommendation, all 3 of us went to Yoyo. Its extremely cute inside,  it feels like you're in someone's house hehe. We were able to get one of their booth/private rooms to enjoy our dinner in, very cool!

Service was friendly and prompt, the best of both worlds haha. I also enjoyed the fact that there was soothing jazz music playing in the background, really helped set a comfortable environment. 

After having a look through their extensive menu, we decided on a few items to share: spicy salmon rolls (apprx. 16 pieces),  two salmon sushi pizzas, veggie tempura, and 4 pieces of salmon sashimi. All of it was amazing!  First time I've ever had a sushi pizza, and let me tell you, it won't be the last,  it was great!  The spicy salmon rolls were huuugggee too, I don't think I've ever seen sushi pieces that big....very filling to say the least. Everything we had tasted perfect, I couldn't have been more satisfied! 

This is an excellent choice for pretty much any dining situation. It is on the pricey side, but you surw are getting your moneys worth for the quality of their foodǾ
This is one great Sushi place. The place is nice and cozy and all the food that we ordered (Sushi and Sashimi) were fresh and delicious. Highly recommended if you happen to be in the area. Would love to try other items in the menu next time.Ǿ
Love this place me and my wife always go here or order for pick up food is always goodǾ
Great food and amazing service. Much better than Kyoto (all you can eat competitor). Many vegan options. Authentic atmosphere. Has been in town for many years.Ǿ
Will definitely return. Extensive menu with a huge selection. All the Japanese you can imagine. Everything was fresh and prepared with great attention. Ambiance was perfect. Had a private booth. Started with the soup (Miso and Gyoza). Had 2 rolls (Surf and turf and the Snow White) plus a Sushi/Sashimi and Roll platter (41 pc's). Was perfect for a lunch. Finished with a tiny orange and some green tea ice cream. $145 all in (forgot the large sake and cold Asahi). A little pricey but you only live once.Ǿ
It wasn't busy when I and my family went for sat lunch. Outside area is not as inviting.. But once you get inside, you'll instantly change your mind. Place looks clean. I saw some private rooms on our way to our table which was in a corner that was awesome for us since we have small kids -being in that spot made it easier to manage them. 
The appetizer were good. We ordered sashimi and tuna and some calamari. 
The main entree came in after we finished our salad and soup. The salmon bento I ordered were perfect for my taste. 
All the entree we ordered were to our satisfaction. It even came with free dessert -sweet oranges that are neatly cut and pleasing to the eyes. 
Will definitely come back.