I've frequented the Clifton Martini & Wine bar for several years now - pretty much since they've opened. The food has always been terrific, specifically the pizza, stuffed peppers and two kinds of bruschetta. Cocktails are a little pricey, but they are good and strong. And of course, the wine list offers anything you're in the mood for. 

There is a nice, large patio out front and a spacious bar inside. The fireplace nook is a great place to relax if you're just there for a drink. Overall, a very nice atmosphere - one you'd expect from a "cozy" wine bar. 

The main purpose for this review is to comment on the excellent experience we had planning a birthday party here for my sister. The room off to the side of the main dining area can be rented for parties, is open to the patio and has its own private bar. There is no base charge for the room. The party menu offers all of their most popular items, and I think it worked out to about $12/person for us. The best part was that the food was never-ending - the cook replaced whatever ran out with more servings throughout the evening. Last but not least, Oliver did a great job guiding us through the planning process and tending bar. Everyone was very happy with the room and food.笑
This is a great neighborhood bar. It does exactly what is suppose to do. The food and drinks are on the higher end of mediocre. Come here if you want a nice drink and/or with friends or Alone without having to travel far.笑
This place is right around the corner from my apt so I've been dying to check it out. My roommate and I made our way over around 9pm on a Saturday. The atmosphere was very low-key and casual while still giving off a slightly higher end feel. It wasn't crowded and we were seated right away. We didn't bother ordering any food, but rather stuck exclusively to the drink menu. I got the seasonal BLVD martini, which was delicious and a great summer option. Though the price was steep ($10 for one drink) overall the experience was really enjoyable!笑
First time with MissWineOhio, Cleveland.com friend/fellow wine freak Tammy Colson.
Started with a Spicy Martini, with their home made Bloody Mary mix, pepperoncini. I asked for Ketel One instead of the Stoli listed on the menu, and also for the customary stuffed bleu cheese olives. 

I certainly needed guidance with the wine menu, puzzling over whether to go with their Oregon pinor noir or a white. 
I went with white though, to pair with the Jumbo Shrimp martini and Ahi Tuna we ordered. Though I tasted their chenin blanc (Conundrum, CA I believe), I went with their Chilean Sensual Torrontes, which was perfect. 

Ended the night with their perogie sampler: organic garlic/herb cheese, mushroom and goat cheese, sun-dried tomato and mozzarella and grilled onions.

Next time I wanna try their flat-iron steak with mushroom marsala sauce.

Our server Oliver was also kind of the Shit. Thanks for the tips and generosity dudde.笑
When I ordered a whisky drink, the bartender put whisky in a glass and gave it to me, leaving me free to drink it. This part I liked.

I'm not sure what my friend and I did to offend the waitress, but she acted like she caught us defecating in her mother's old Bible. Man, she did not like us. And I thought we were being, you know, normal customers. We didn't stab anyone or call anyone names or run screaming thorugh the bar Porky Pig-style with only t-shirts. But you'd think we had done all that and more by the way she dealt with us. 

But yeah, the whisky tasted exactly like whisky, and the patio was groovy.笑
Pride weekend, beautiful weather evening, packed patio. 

Seated, waited 25 minutes for a person to acknowledge we were there while all along people were being served, even people who came in after us. We are patient people, however it was running thin, real thin. 
Finally a guy came, apologized and took our drink order....finally. At this point, I was checked out. I stayed with water but my partner ordered a drink. It was paid for by the server (nice). Food finally ordered, appetizers were out of this world amazing as usual. 
Ordered another drink (not me), it was forgotten about for a bit again. And came out wrong, stuff happens. 

It seemed as though he place is not staffed with either enough people or people that really were all over the place. We were not the only couple, party that were complaining amongst ourselves. We will go back as we frequent here but the service needs HELP!笑
Clifton Martini & Wine Bar was a great place to curl up at the bar on a snowy night for some girl time with one of my best friends, some drinks, and a chocolate-y dessert!

The best parts of my experience were the cozy and comfortable atmosphere, the tuscan bruschetta, and the chocolate chip molten cake. That cake was perfect - I usually will never order super chocolate-y desserts, but this was gooey and delicious. The bruschetta was salty and delicious, and it's really a perfect dish to have with drinks.

I was a little underwhelmed by the martini menu - it all seemed pretty basic for a place that calls itself a martini bar. I got the key lime martini - I loved the first one, but I couldn't get myself to choke down the second one. The tartness was great at the beginning but got to be too much for me, so I really just should've switched to a new drink.

Overall, I really liked this bar, and would probably visit more often if it weren't so far away. Whenever I'm in the area though, I would be happy to come back!笑
The Clifton Wine Bar intertwined the art of a great, chill environment with the worst wait staff you'll have ever seen.  

Myself and two other friends decided to go here.  We ended up seating ourselves after the hostess kept telling us she was to busy to do so herself for 10 minutes.  Once we sat down and she brought us some waters, no one acknowledged our table for another 30 minutes.  I asked a busser for our server and he said she'd be right out.  Well another 10 minutes still nothing.  I asked to speak with a manager who immediately apologized and said the first bottle of wine would be on them.  

I greatly appreciated this gesture however even after speaking with him, we waited another 15 minutes for it to arrive at our table. 

When we explained to the waitress we wanted to order food as well, she quickly said the kitchen was closing to which we immediately fired back that we had already waited over an hour.  

The food was excellent however we had to deal with a waitress who kept delivering our food to other tables and blaming the hostess for supposedly writing down the wrong table and kept complaining about how much she hated her.

Pass on this place.笑
A great addition to an area lacking in good places to drink. The beer list is pretty solid. They had Stone Ruination on tap. I ordered the Stone IPA bottle, the bartender automatically poured me a taste of Ruination, which was like a low ball glass full of this delicious IPA. It was a very nice gesture to give out a free taste, even though I am more than familiar with that great beer. I am not much of a Martini drinker. They all sounded damn good though. A good date spot with a nice patio for drinking in the middle of a winter, lake effect snow storm.笑
I have been here 3 times since they opened-all three have left me feeling quite pleased that such a classy place opened up on the West Side.

I tried one of their wonderful martinis (they have quite an impressive list of mixed drinks to try) on my first visit, and shared a cheese board with my friend. We loved our drinks and the ambiance of the place. We were seated in the "lounge" style room off to the side and it was a weeknight so the place wasn't crowded.

The second time I came, we sat at the bar and ordered good bourbon and talked the whole night through. The bartender was friendly and knowledgeable. We closed the night with a great glass of port. It was one of my favorite nights in a bar, ever.

The third time I was here was to celebrate my husband's birthday. We sat in the main area and ordered food. Well, one of us ordered food. The drinks, though worth it, were pretty pricey, and the food is pretty expensive for poor grad students. This isn't to say that food isn't amazing. We stole some of our friend's fries and they were perfectly seasoned.

This is a great place for a date. I've never been here in nice weather, but the patio is beautiful and spacious and is always hopping in the summer months. Try taking your lovely lady here for a nice drink and split an appetizer. Get dressed up a little bit, make it fun. Or, splurge a little and order dinner. It's sure to be a memorable night.笑
When we came here mid-week, things were a bit uncomfortable at the bar. We were what appeared to be the only non-regulars and I felt as if things were a little awkward because of this. The bartender almost didn't know what to do around us (or at least it seemed so) because he didn't already know us. Otherwise, the atmosphere was good and the decor was very nice. I really liked it overall. 

The winning point: the dirty martini. Everyone who knows me knows that I love dirty martinis and my favorite is the Dirty Bird at Flying Fig. I must say the dirty martini here is an extremely close second and I found myself drinking it a lot faster than I expected! The key lime martini was ok, but not really my thing, so I'm glad I was just trying someone else's drink and I didn't have to drink an entire one.

As far as food goes, we had the Tuscan brushetta, which was amazing. Obviously I like salt, because along with my cheesey olivey martini, I really enjoyed the capers, feta and kalamata olives in this dish. The bread was big and thick, which was a little different, but in a good way. When we saw someone next to us with a dessert, our chocolate cravings kicked in and we got the molten chocolate cake. This was delightful! It was almost like cookie filled with molten chocolate with pretty syrup drizzled over it and some sliced strawberries. So good! 

When I'm in the mood for a martini, I'll most likely come here because they are absolutely delicious (not to mention cheaper than Flying Fig's). The only issue is that I have a bit of a drive, but that'll just make every time I come more special!笑
I had my 30th bday party here and it was fantastic!! They couldn't have been nicer (Oliver, was great!) The food was fresh, hot and very tasty. My guests were impressed with the beer and drink menu. I will definitely be back!笑
I've wanted to try this place for a while - I frequent MoCa (a nice little coffee joint next door) and I've been curious. A Living Social voucher came up, so ok, I gave it a shot.  

The service was fantastic - the staff were all friendly and attentive and I can't say enough nice things about them, but there were a few downbeats that kind of killed it for me. 

One: The whole place smelled like bleach and cleaning solutions. Immediately upon entering the bar it hit my nose like a punch to the face. This smell was strong and overpowering, and affected my appetite, and possibly my taste. Yay for keeping the place clean, but that was just off-putting. Walking into a restaurant/bar with food, I expect to smell yummy food... not bleach.   

Two: I expected a nicer experience and better ambiance based on the prices and the wine & martini bar idea - the table was wobbly (to the point of spilling a drink), and the acoustics inside are awful. There was a table of girls giggling, a little loudly but nothing more than you'd expect from a table of girls drinking wine, and the sound was amplified so much that my companion and I kept having to say "What?" when trying to have a conversation even though we were sitting less than a foot apart. It wasn't that crowded (there were several empty tables for the duration of our visit) but it sounded like it was a bar packed with drunks. 

Three: The food was only so-so (we both had the bone in ribeye) and definitely would have been put off by the price of it if I'd not had the Living Social voucher to offset the cost.  The steak itself wasn't awful, but not amazing either. I've had better ribeyes at diners for $12; at $22 I do expect just a bit more. The side dishes - mashed potatoes (that I think were supposed to be garlic, but there was very little garlic to be tasted if so) with a thin brown gravy and veggies - were bland and barely seasoned. It looked really pretty, but the flavor just wasn't there. 

Four: The Riesling I had - Clean Slate, one which I've enjoyed elsewhere before - was a little off. Like it had been a bottle opened several days ago and left out warm, then chilled again. I'm giving them a little of the benefit of the doubt given the recent storms/trauma in the area (maybe they had power outages this week?). I'm trying to be a forgiving soul in light of that, but even still, if you opened the wine and then it got warm because of a power outage, toss it and claim it on the insurance, don't pass that off to the customers at $7 a glass. I will say the pumpkin martini my friend had was tasty and strong. Pity about the wine though. 

One of the stars is for the service alone. Otherwise, this would be a much harsher review. 

All that said, I am going to try them again, because they're close and they have a very cute patio that I'd like to try out - and I'll go for some of the small plates and appetizers next time rather than a dinner, with a different wine. I won't be in a hurry to go back though until warmer weather comes so I can enjoy the patio and know I won't have to smell bleach while trying to eat overpriced food and sit at a wobbly table where I can't hear the person sitting next to me.笑
Vegans, and Carnivores and Omnivores- OH MY! 

We stopped in for dinner at this spot on Oct 30th, before a spooky Halloween weekend night out. First impression: cozy, modern space. I really wanted to visit this place as I've been eating whole food, plant-based for about a month. I have done almost all of my cooking at home, but I heard there was a great Vegan menu here so it felt like a great place to try. I also had a carnivore and two omnivores with me, and the menu had something for every one of us! I settled on the spinach & fruit salad to start and chic pea meatballs with angel hair for my entree. The food was fabulous, our server was very knowledgeable about the ingredients & preparation. She was GREAT! And now for the best part of this visit: 

THE MARTINI MENU- There were three seasonal martinis in addition to their regular menu of martinis & so I was in heaven immediately! I'm a martini girl :) The seasonal martinis were pumpkin roll, peanut butter & jelly, and the clifton hard cider- my pick! (house infused vodka w/Ohio apples & cinnamon sticks, apple spice ginger liqueur, topped with apple cider). It was very crisp and cinnamony, but not too much so. I'd consider it a PERFECT drink.  

I was with some carnivores and omnivores- they were all super happy with the food and drinks (especially my husband who got to enjoy his beloved Great Lakes Christmas Ale!). We will be back, and it will be very soon!笑
Best martini I've ever had. Bartender warned this bourbon drinker it was strong and he wasn't kidding! Beautiful location, ample street parking... I'm new to the area but want to become a regular here!笑
Great service other people complained about which I have not. Clean environment by the way Saturday is casual all the complaints where probably on a Friday which obviously you will except some slow service. My only complaint is that the establishment close at 230am and kitchen closes at 1130pm at least 100am would make more sense. A must go with a date very nice笑
My favorite place to take dates on the west side, the staff is awesome the locals are friendly the atmosphere is great and the drink selection is perfect, not to mention the food... The food is great! I love this place, I'm just sad to see Oliver gone笑
Stopped by for a quick happy hour drink on a weekday. There's a discount on martinis for happy hour which is nice. We sat on the patio out front which was nice and quiet. Best of all, our server didn't forget we were out there! (We were the only ones out there).

Both martinis were fantastic. Can't wait to go back.笑
Fun atmosphere and some of the speediest service I've ever had! Great drink selection and the pizzas are really good. I would recommend it!笑
So, I'm a fairly seasoned drinker, but still fall prey to the dreaded "Asian Glow". Ergo, this is probably my favorite bar based on the dim lighting alone... It's so dark, one can barely read the menu, much less notice that I have morphed into the Grimace after my second vodka tonic.

The $10 cocktails are good and strong. Parking is ample, and the patio will be great in just a few short weeks!笑
The food is great! Service is great! Price is perfect! Great outdoor seating and family friendly!笑
I love this place for its liberal environment.  I moved to the Cleveland area not too long ago and when people come to visit I take them here.  This place could have five stars but it doesn't for the following reasons.  The food is inconsistent.  It is always good but you can tell when different people cook.  There is always a long waiting time for food and/or drinks as well.笑
They have a full vegan menu!!!! First time I've had vegan creme brûlée and I almost couldn't taste the deliciousness through my salty tears of joy! They also had a vegan vegetable filled pizza, I could've eaten the entire pie but settled for half of it. The Magner's Cider I had was clearly skunked, but the Rosé was delicious and the food rocked my socks off. Service was also a major plus, on top of things and very informative (the waitress whipped out the vegan menu when I mentioned my dairy allergy) Definitely returning here especially since it's walking distance from my friends house.笑
Love living near the Clifton Martini & Wine Bar. 

The outdoor patio is wonderful in the summertime! A warm night with a glass of wine or creative martini makes for a good evening. The location is perfect as well. Nestled in a brick apartment building surround by residential homes and sitting nicely on Clifton Ave which after 8pm quiets down considerably. 

The interior has a nice modern look and feel. Wooden bar and black, metal furnishings. As Will said below, sophisticated and subtly romantic. 

They have delicious wines and martinis and beers. A very good variety by my standards which some consider slightly above average. Food is where my strong point lies. I love their menu here. It is simple, it is elegant, and it is tasty! 

For the life of me--I cannot remember what I had there recently. I want to say Crab Cakes which I split with a friend. And on another occasion before I had shared a tomato basil pizza. 

I'll just have to go back and write a proper review by actually ordering an entire meal to myself.笑
Yeah, this place is pretty awesome. 

Stopped in after work on a Friday with some girl friends for a happy hour, we were all mind blown away. We sat inside, which was nice because it was very cloudy outside and it looked like it might rain. However, there were some brave souls that took their chances and sad outside. I will say that I would love to come back and sit on the patio, it looks really cute and charming. The decor inside it very warm yet modern. 

We ordered a cheese plate which was great! It came with a variety of cheese and fruits. Then we ordered two flatbreads and some spring rolls, all were delicious! Our wines were so good! Definitely a place to go to for great wine. And we all really liked the fact that our server was pouring wine from the bottle, her pours were pretty heavy but of course we didn't mind. The dessert was so delicious! We ordered the apple pie pierogis which came out warm with vanilla ice cream (I swear I can still taste the goodness from this dish) and we ordered the carrot cake, I could have done without this but the other girls loved it.

I will definitely return time and time again! And I will definitely spread the word about this neighborhood gem!笑
I always forget about this place, but when I remember to go here, I always have a good experience. I especially like sitting on their patio in the summer, having their fresh caprese salad.

Atmosphere: the patio is small but pleasant, sitting right out front on Clifton blvd. Inside has the classic wine bar feel; cool, dark, and intimate. 

Service: always friendly and informative here. I don't drink, so I can't really review the wine or staff knowledge on the different types, but I know some of the employees have been in this industry for a long time and are probably some of the most knowledgeable.

Food: this is a great spot for vegans, in addition to a regular full menu, they actually have a full vegan menu as well. There are also gluten free options for the pizzas, which are on point. I've also had their grilled romaine salad which is very good, but if your not a mushroom fan, opt for the goat cheese salad. They're falafel "meatballs" are delicious. 

Overall, this is a good spot for dates, or a mellow night out with friends. Make sure you come hungry so you can test out the menu!笑
Waited to be noticed, server never checked on our disappointing ahi tuna, they forgot the wasabi and it was soaked in sauce, not as good as in the past. Waited 1.5 hours for our dinner it only came after I prompted the server then only my dates food showed up and she admittedly said she forgotten my order. I ordered a second martini that was grossly over sugared and she never checked back. Got there at 7:30 couldn't leave until 10:00 after waiting for my check and waiting on my change. It was an annoying experience. I didn't come in to have a debate with the people over service and food. I went out to relax but it became all about you and arguing over money. Very disjointed service. I got blamed for expecting better. Ruined my night笑
Yeck!  I was really excited to try this cute little restaurant, but boy what a let down!   For a restaurant that has "wine" in their name, you'd think they would have a pretty good wine selection.....they do not.  I dinned with two others, and we all order some what different menu items; yet none of them were any good.  One got a sandwich, one got a pasta dish, and I ordered the chicken piccata based on the waitress' recommendation. ....boy was this a mistake.  I though chicken piccata was supposed to have a lemon flavoring?  Perhaps I am confused, because the dish they serves is basically a chicken breast on mash potatoes, with chicken gravy and some capers.  I had an upset stomach for the rest of the night.

My friend who got the pasta dish complained of how salty her meal was.  I took a taste and to my surprise, her pasta was tossed in what tasted like the exact same gravy as my dish!  Ugh.  The only different being that they added some bacon as seasoning to hers; which I assume would attribute to saltiness of the dish.

The only silver lining of the entire experience was the cheese and fruit tray, which was actually quite good, unfortunately, that was the only good thing.  I would not recommend this place at all.  To many other nice places to try in the area that are SO much better.笑
The food was good, though my Caesar salad didn't have any dressing on it, and the service friendly and we enjoyed our dinner. 
The two stars is because after eating we went to the patio to have drinks with a friend. At the bottom of my beverage was one of those silica DO NOT EAT packets.  I was horrified and waited for the server to come back but eventually decided to just leave. How does something like that get in a drink?笑
This place has grown to be one of my favorites. The food is just excellent! And there is hardly ever a wait and good service and a relaxing atmosphere. Just look at those pics of their pizzas. Some of the best I've ever had. And their pork chop is definitely my favorite of all time. Oh and the calamari (angry style). And the chocolate martini. Ok I'll stop now.笑
We've been going to Clifton Martini & Wine bar for some time now, and it seems like things are getting worse.  Two visits ago, our waitress was coving the entire dining room, and although she did her best, I felt that she was really hustling to cover all the tables, but I'd still say she did a great job.  The food was fantastic, and we enjoyed our visit.  

We returned again recently, and the service wasn't great at all.  Our server forgot our wine order & had to come back and ask us what bottle we wanted again.  Then we put in our food order, once again she forgot our order, and came back 15 minutes late to ask us what we wanted again.  I'd never knock a server for writing down an order, if you can't remember it, just write it down.  

When our food finally came out, the order wasn't even right.  I had ordered a buffalo chicken pizza, instead they gave me what looked to be a white pizza with banana peppers.  Since I had the buffalo chicken pizza before and loved it, I sent it back.  It seems they just threw a dry sliced chicken breast & some bleu cheese on it.  The pizza was not that good, and a bit of a disappointment from what I expected out of the dinner.  

Needless to say, I don't think we'll be returning to Clifton martini & wine bar any time soon.笑
We went to Clifton martini and wine bar with modest expectations and I will say we were surprised, it wasn't a super star kind of place but neither where the prices. But most of the food and certainly the drinks and the service was very good for a full house on a busy Saturday night at 7:30. We will return for the stuffed portobello mushrooms, diver scallops, and black/blue steak笑
This was a great find for a Saturday night. We went into this new place (I think it opened in February) for a few drinks and some food. They sort of feature a lot of small plates, salads, and appetizers, but also have a few main courses as well as some really dynamite pizza (margarita and veggie were both great). The salads were awesome too.

It has a very warm interior, in both decor as well as temperature. I loved that I didn't cringe every time someone opened the door (as you can probably tell, I get cold really easily). Our waitress was really on the ball and kept attending to us consistently despite the growing crowd which filled the place by around 10:00.

They even made me a virgin martini with some fruit juices and a splash of soda. Nice!

They also have a separate, brightly-lit party room which wasn't in use while we were there, but seemed able to fit a nice-sized group. I don't know whether that space is also sometimes open to diners, but it wasn't that night.

The only downside was that it got a bit loud in there - not sure if that bothers many people.笑
The atmosphere on a weekday night was relaxed yet still also sophisticated a bit. It's sort of sparse and modern in the decor, yet a tad romantic with votive candles. There are two muted TVs at the bar.

Don't worry non-wine drinkers, there's a selection about 4-5 drafts [I had a Breckenridge Avalanche, an amber] and over a dozen bottles of all sorts of imports and micros, all priced $ 3-6. Our server was solid (and so cute too!). 

I had the margarita pizza with a friend. Tasty, it was very large [maybe 12'] and well worth the $12. As for the sound, I didn't notice a problem, but  there were only a 2-3 other tables when I went. (FWIW, my sister who went with me this time and went the weekend before, also noticed the sound level was a tad high).笑
If I was as slow and neglectful at my job as our server was last night, many people would have been dead by now for sure. It took him forever to sit us at the table even though we were willing to go to the bar ( that was strongly discouraged), so we were wandering around the place in a scattered pattern of a lost herd of hungry cows for ten minutes at least.
After our server learned that only one of us will be eating and the rest will only have drinks, he completely lost interest in our group and vanished. Literally fell out of this planet having promised us all kinds of good things like an ashtray, drinks and food. 
Then he came back with a poison - the worst Moscow mule I ever had in my life. And I would have loved to send it back but alas, he said :" I'll be right back", and disappeared again like April sun in Cleveland.
 By the time an ashtray arrived, my friend finished two cigarettes (she had it instead of the appetizer) and I gulped the remainder of my drink that tasted like Lysol. 
As a person who actually recommended the place to my friends, I felt incredibly guilty. I generously tipped the waiter hoping that my five bucks will be a downpayment for never seeing him again in case I ever decide to come back.笑
I REALLY want to like this place. Great patio, nice restaurant/bar, but every time I go I end up having terrible service and/or food, with no apology from the staff. Bartenders are great, I suggest sitting at the bar. This is my most frustrating establishment, its like that cheating boyfriend that you keep going back to.笑
Had a retirement party there and it was fantastic! The food was amazing and the drinks where exceptional . The staffing was great as well, where so easy to work with. Everyone enjoyed themselves. Would recommended this place to anyone.笑
I went to enjoy some drinks on their patio with a pretty blonde friend of mine who was already quite drunk. Let's call her Miley. But let me clarify - Miley was harmlessly drunk, probably said "Love you, babe" instead of "thank you" to the bartender. I don't know, because Miley had to go in to order the drinks while I sat outside on the patio with my (small and quiet, 3-legged) dog. My guess is that the bartender assumed that I was just as drunk as Miley. Only I was not. In fact, I had not had one thing to drink before the cocktail I had on their patio. And I watched this bartender and her little flock of regulars at the bar treat us like sh*t. After our one cocktail each, Miley ordered two shots and told the bartender to surprise us, and what the bartender brought out to the patio was obviously only meant to make us sick - to the point that I considered whether there was actually something in toxic in there, like counter cleaner. Since one sip of that shot made my stomach instantly retch, obviously it made already-drunk Miley instantly sick. She threw up onto the patio. And I was so super embarrassed about all of it that I quickly signed the merchant copy of the receipt for the tab that the bartender brought out with the shots (and also wrote in a generous tip for the bartender). But I went to take the check inside only to find out she locked us out. She straight up locked the doors.  Wouldn't even acknowledge me to let me in as a few regulars sat at the bar snickering. I was embarrassed almost to the point of tears, but at least one of the regulara had the decency to unlock the door long enough for me to hand him the signed receipt. 

My point is this: On the scale of drunken-nightmares-at-a-bar, my friend was about a 4. Seriously. She did not deserve to be treated like that. I sure as hell did not deserve to be treated like that. A bartender at a wine bar should be expected to act like a bartender with some class. And not act like a mean-spirited bratty child.

I left there feeling bullied and belittled. I will never, ever go back.笑
Just ok. Had a nice extensive vegan menu. Was nice to have choices. Ordered the heirloom tomato salad. Not sure what I was thinking. This time of year tomatoes are awful and these appeared and tasted like they were straight out of produce section. In other words, no way were they fresh and and no way were they heirloom.  Not a good start. The Cosmo I ordered tasted like a healthy shot of Karo syrup. Not good at all.  Do not order unless you love drinking syrup. Had the vegan meatballs. Liked them. Nice change. Not many places offer vegetarian options.  I would recommend this dish. Average service and pretty loud.  Probably would not go back... But definitely not the worst I have ever had. Just too average. Don't order the heirloom tomatoes in the middle of winter!  My bad.笑
One of my favorite outdoor sitting in Cleveland.  Great food to boot.笑
Just moved down the street about a month ago, however I've already been here over 10 times - great apps and amazing pizza!笑
I am truly disappointed in the food and customer service here. I am vegan, and came with my friend because there is an extensive vegan menu here. We started off ordering two different draft beers. BOTH beers were out. My friend ordered another, and that one was out too! Why have beers on the menu if they are not available? Update your beer menu. 
Then, the waiter informed us they didn't have tofu at the moment, limiting us to less than half the menu since most dishes contained tofu. We made limited selections - then the waiter came back and said they DID have tofu! After playing with our emotions multiple times, the waiter took our order. We had asked for the vegan mac and cheese as an appetizer, and vegan meatball pizza and vegan gnocchi to split. The gnocchi and pizza came first before the appetizer...but fine, we didn't complain. The gnocchi was boring - nothing special about it. The pizza was WRONG! He brought us a garden veggie pizza instead of the meatball one, so we commented, and he took it back. We also commented that our mac still wasn't out, and turns out the waiter forgot about it. 

Finally the mac came. It was so salty. Not very good. We got tired of waiting for our pizza and asked for the bill - the pizza took way too long. 

Overall, there are far better options. As I write this review, our waiter hasn't come back to take our payment - we have waited over 5 minutes. There are better places to take your business to.笑
Awesome place.  I have never had a bad experience there once.  Oliver and the rest of the staff are very friendly and I've been given great service.  I have had many events there and not one a disappointment!  Great martinis and large wine list.  Plus their yummy food.  You can't go wrong when you stop in to unwind after a long day at work.笑
A solid choice for drinks and snacks on the patio or inside--which also happens to be right around the corner! 

Quiet, chill vibe on the patio? Check. I don't know what it's like on the inside, but according to other Yelpers, there may be some bleach over-usage? Who knows. Guess I'll have to check it out on a cooler night. 

We came here for date night on a hot, summer evening and tried the scallop appetizer, the filet and a bottle of bubbly. The appetizer was good--I'm not really one for "fruit salsas" but they did a pretty great job with their mango variety. The scallops were wrapped in bacon, which meant they really didn't get a good sear. I like mine with the sear, but these were perfectly cooked even without it. The filets were also good, but I think I make them better at home. They had a sweeter glaze on them, which I didn't like. The potatoes weren't very good (a little meal-y/grainy) and the asparagus was just... well, asparagus. If you're going to get spendy on a cut of steak, you want it to be mind-blowing. This really wasn't, although the presentation was pretty. While properly cooked, I just didn't really like the preparation. I wish I would have asked for the "toppings" on the side. 

I think next time around I would stick to the snack-y side of their very large menu. There were a ton of pizza options, cheese plates and other delicious small plates. Pair those with some drinks on the patio and I don't think you could leave displeased. I just don't think this is the place to grab a big, fancy entree. But I'd love to come back and try something else! You know, I could be wrong.笑
Worst service experience this year. Two tables over had a large glass of liquid dumped on them from 3rd floor apartment. That was a highlight after we waited 25 mins to get water and place drink order and then waited 60+ more mins to be served appetizers.  Everyone seated outside had angry looks on their faces.  The restaurant hosted a retirement/special event and clearly didn't staff appropriately or set expectations. If restaurant converts to a poolside bar they would receive 5 stars.笑
For my first time here I just stopped in for wine and an app. The place inside and out was packed and quite energetic in terms of the volume of the customers. Getting seated and having someone come to the table took a bit longer than ideal, but once someone was on our table, service was fine. 

I ordered the crab cakes. I think this is a great dish to judge a restaurant on and if I'm doing that for this place they would have passed with flying colours. The crab cake app is served with two - massive - crab cakes. They are listed as having a pretzel crust on the menu. I didn't particular notice a pretzel taste, but that's good in my opinion. The breading was a very fine layer and minute part of the dish. The crab cakes were all crab - no fillers - and were delicious. The sauce and peppers that came with it were great compliments. 

I'll keep this place in mind to come back, have a sit on the Clifton Rd facing patio and enjoy a full dinner next time.笑
Nice place. We had a good experience. The music was wayyyyyyyyyy to loud thogh. Food was under average. Love the remodeling though笑
Service is typically inconsistent and food is over priced. The bartender typically overpours your drinks so if you're looking for something strong...笑
"Inconsistent" is the best word I can use to describe this place.  I've had great experiences, but I've also had some pretty terrible ones.  Sometimes the service is great....other times, not so much.  It doesn't seem to matter how busy it is, either.  I've had great service on nights when it's packed, and terrible service when there were only three other people in the place.  

I will say the food has always been good.  The steak/bleu cheese quesadilla is delicious, and the pizza wasn't bad either.  They have a pretty good beer selection too, and if you order a standard drink from the bar (gin and tonic, whiskey on the rocks, etc) the prices are very reasonable, as are the generous portions.  

But here's where I run into trouble.  Last time I was in here I ordered a whiskey and St. Germain on the rocks.  I understand that maybe people don't order this combo very often, but after getting stared at cross eyed by both the server and the bartender I basically had to do everything short of pour it myself.  I ended up having two of them, but when I got the bill the bartender charged me for four separate drinks: two whiskeys and two St. Germains.  Really?  Is that how it works?  Maybe I don't go to bars enough, but that doesn't seem right to me.  So if I ordered two White Russians, would I be charged for six drinks?  Two vodkas, two khaluas, and two glasses of milk?  No thanks.  

I really wish this place could get it's act together because I very much want to like it.  I love the location, it's got a great patio, and it would be a nice place to just sit back and relax.  The problem is that you never know what you're going to get when you walk in.  If you're curious, I'd say yeah, check it out.  Just be prepared that there's a 50/50 chance of it being terrible.笑
I have patronized this establishment 3 times. Normally when I have a bad experience the first time around I will give a place a second chance. This was the case with the Clifton Martini & Wine Bar. 

My first experience was below average. I was meeting a group of 6 for a dinner meeting and we opted to dine inside where it was abnormally quiet so we could talk (the patio was full and on a busy street so this was a great option for us). We arrived and sat ourselves and were not greeted by our server/also the owner for at least 10 minutes. Once we did get our drinks it was literally an hour before he stopped back to check on us. We had to tell him we wanted to order food and at that point were nearly done with our meeting. 4 out of 5 of us ordered dinner. The food was above average, too bad about the service. The meeting had to be extended by an hour just because of the ignorance on the part of the owner. It seemed he had no help at all -- there was just a bartender and he. 

My second experience was an evening visit -- after dark on the patio. AGain, the patio was packed and there were very few servers. We were greeted by the owner who was also the server and he informed us the kitchen would be closing shortly and to please order food now if we wanted it. We quickly picked out some items and ordered. Realizing we may have arrived a bit late and how that can affect things we prepared for it mentally. Overall though we were surprised to get our meals quickly and they were good. 

The third experience was this evening -- another dinner meeting. The same group as the first time giving it another whirl. One of the people in our party lives nearby and it was a good location choice to meet. We sat ourselves at 7 PM to a nearly empty dining room. There was a large party of 15 or so filling the bar and a large table set for them to sit down at later. The owner was again our server and asked us for our drink order. He gave us menu's and then carried on with the only bartender taking care of the large party until they sat down. We continued with our meeting drinking waters and diet coke's and an hour passed and still no check in to see what and if we wanted to eat. There were 4 of us prepared to spend money on appetizers or dinners but that never happened because we were once again ignored. We did pay special attention to the other group that was getting a lot of service, seated, food orders, etc. At around 8:30 our meeting was wrapping up and we never even got our bill for the 2 sodas. We decided to leave $6 on the table hoping it would cover the drinks and we left. For good.

I will not return to the Clifton Martini & Wine Bar. It's a real shame because I have friends that live right by and the food is good and I like to support small, local business. This particular restaurant spot has had trouble in the past and there have been a half dozen or so restaurants come and go. It would be a real shame for this one to close up sheerly because of the owners lack of attention to his customers. My advise to him is to hire some help -- the cost to employ a few servers to take care of your customers and spread good words about your business will pay for itself. I wish you luck.

UPDATE: After writing this review I received several emails from the owner of the restaurant. Never once did he apologize for the service my table received. In fact, he told me I was an angry person from the reviews he's read. Since then i have made an effort to write positive reviews for the restaurants I have patronized. We had some back and forth dialogue in which he was very defensive, never understanding to where i was coming from and ended it in a very unprofessional way. I had to block the owner from contacting me again. I made it very clear to him that I was willing to come back to his restaurant to meet him and talk to him in person about the experience. That is obviously never going to happen now and I will make it a mission to let everyone I know this is not a place to give your money too. I wish them all the best. It is  a real shame considering it was a great place to have a meeting, social event or group outing. I wish there was a no-star rating.笑
Clifton Martini Bar was a huge disappointment. I'd wanted to try it for a long time because the patio looked so sophisticated. Unfortunately, the patio was the only redeeming feature of this place for me. I ordered a cheese plate and a martini. The cheese looked and tasted like it had been in the refrigerator for months. The martini was so so- I expected a lot better for a place that calls itself a martini bar. The prices were pretty high considering the quality of the food and drink was not very good. The server was friendly, so I have no complaints about the service, but that's not enough to bring me back!笑
We got there at about 5:30.  This place opens at 5.  We were the only ones in there for some time.  Bartender was the owner and very knowledgeable about wines.  I started off with a Malbec and ordered a meat and cheese plate.  Everything was awesome!  I would recommend this place.笑
Their food and drinks are good but it's really pricey. The atomsphere isn't great. I would say it's worth a try once, but I wouldn't go back time and time again.笑
Short version: This place absolutely can NOT execute when they host a prix fixe menu night. By show of previous reviews, looks like this is a consistent issue. LISTEN TO THEM. Perhaps it's better on a regular night, but if they're offering up a prix fixe menu, look *everywhere* else but here.

I'm normally more tolerant than others when it comes to a poor experience at a restaurant, as I worked previously in the service industry. However, the performance of Clifton MUST be remedied.

Long version: I'm not sure quite where to begin, so I'll start at the top. Our group of 10 arrived at 7:29 on NYE for our 7:30 PM reservation. The hostess seemed frazzled when we arrived, informing us that the table that we were supposed to sit at still had guests sitting at it. No problem, we're good to wait by the fire with some wine. However, after about 25 minutes went by, we started wondering what was up. The hostess breezed over to us and said, "We've made up a table for you guys, you can come follow me."

We're led into the side room with two other fairly big groups (one a table of 6, which I suspect should have been our table, and one other table of about 16). Turns out that the restaurant is squeezing us into the side room literally next to the other very large party. We were all so cramped that the servers have to access the other end of our table by squeezing by the other large party against the wall. There wasn't enough room for anyone to walk between either side of our table.

Why didn't the restaurant just ask the table that was clogging up reservations to leave? You should expect something like that on a night like NYE when people have made reservations that the restaurant needs to honor.

After the initial shock of the cramped table, we settle in and decide we're happier to be sitting at a cramped table than still waiting to be sat, but that doesn't mean we're happy. We're greeted by a server who only tells us that it'll be two of them taking care of us that evening (Jess and Joey). No explanation of the menu, no drink offer...zooms away. It was another 15 minutes for Joey to come introduce himself and barrel right into our first course order. Never mind if we had questions on the menu, and I assume that no one was in the mood to waste time asking any questions anyway.

Nine of our appetizers were served to us around 8:45 PM (keep in mind our reservation was at 7:30 PM). Not only that, but half of them were cold! We mentioned something to a hurrying Joey who seemed to have already known that the appetizers being brought out were sub-par, and he said he'd bring out another order shortly. "It's already in the kitchen frying up, I'll bring it right out" (No thanks, already lost our appetite on the first failed round)...my SIL made it clear that she was not interested in a replacement order, but Joey didn't seem to want to acknowledge that fact.
....The tenth appetizer was brought to my friend about 10 minutes after everyone else received and was done eating theirs. For those who observe proper etiquette, you know you aren't supposed to eat your food until everyone at the table is served. Good thing I decided not to wait!

NOW it's time for them to take our second and third course orders. We wait, some order new drinks (those take about 20 mins to be brought to us). Second course had the least amount of hiccups, though food is still coming out at VERY different times.

And then the 3rd course. About half of the entrees are cold and most do not come out with the designated sides listed on the menu. Clark and I split the Tomahawk steak with garlic herb butter and they *forgot the garlic herb butter*. Not usually an issue, as truly great steak should be served with just a bit of pepper and salt, right? When I asked Joey if he could confirm that the steak was prepared with garlic herb butter and not the demi-glace, he confirmed. I asked again if the garlic butter was already on there (others who had ordered the same thing had a noticeable amount of GHB on their dish and mine did not). Joey said that it should be (it most certainly wasn't) and offered to bring me a side of it. Yes, please. You should notice that the steak was not prepared the way it was ordered. Jess finally came out with a side of it 15 mins later, right as I was taking my last bite of steak. She was very apologetic about it, but again, I'm glad I didn't wait for her, or my steak would have been cold.

The most frustrating part of the night (for me) was the lack of apology for food being incorrect/cold/forgotten, which unfortunately, was most of our meal. The blatant ignorance of consistently incorrect and bad orders was annoying. The food was good enough to try once more, but again, certainly NOT on a night with a prix fixe menu. 

This restaurant made itself look horrible on a busy holiday with unreasonably bad timing of food delivery, semi-unapologetic service, cold plates, and LONG wait times for seating, drinks, and any food. Unprofessional.笑
Our server, Joey, was awesome with his excellent and attentive service. He gave us the vegan menu right away and we were impressed with the options. We can't wait to come back! We're already planning it next meal here!!!笑
Went here on a lazy Sunday afternoon hoping for a nice experience.

The first bad sign was the bartender. It looks like he rolled out of bed in the clothes he was wearing after a night of binge drinking. Dirty clothes, sagging pants, messy facial hair that wasn't trimmed. He was a mess. He was also doing shots behind the bar.

The bathrooms are old and outdated. The sink was coming off from the wall and it likens itself to a 1950's Lakewood school bathroom. Not what I expected from a place that's supposed to have some class.

The decor in the main bar is sparse. I'm not sure what they were going for. It looks like it's half finished. It was not a very welcoming environment.

The crab cakes took a long time to come out of the kitchen. I could understand if it were busy, but I was 1 of 15 people in the place. The outside was overcooked and had to be cracked open like a walnut. Couldn't even eat the "outer shell." The taste was disappointing. I think my cat's fancy feast would be more appealing. Presentation itself was nice, but if the food doesn't taste good, what is the point of nice plating?

One big annoyance was that the plates spin on the bar top. When trying to cut into my food the plate would spin around and it really made it difficult to eat a meal. At one point my plate spun and my fork fell off my plate. Really? I really have to deal with this silly stuff when I want to enjoy myself? These are the details that make this a never again place for me.笑
I came here the other night for dinner with my husband and had a great experience. At first we were sat outside but it was a little dark and pretty loud so we asked to move outside and the staff was very nice about it. I got the garden of eden seasonal martini which was absolutely INCREDIBLE. There were so many layers of flavors to it I was blown away. My husband got the key lime martini and was a bit disappointed because it was too sweet and milky for him. We got the fondue appetizer which was very good. For entrees I got the seafood risotto (good) and my husband got the filet (also good but he said nothing to write home about). They were very busy the night we were there however our server was very pleasant and attentive. The patio is also great!!笑
I have been to Clifton Wine Bar only 3-4 times even though it's the closest establishment to the apartment that I've lived in for 4+ years. The reason for this is because it's not my crowd, but I went today for happy hour and it will probably be my last visit. First, we missed happy hour because it's only from 4-6pm. The service was terrible and at one point our waiter literally shrugged a dismissal at us with the stress of his 4 tables. I've really enjoyed the scallops in the past, but I found them fishy and smothered in parsley today. We didn't get bread. And overall, the experience was boring and overpriced. The restaurant market in Cleveland is too good for mediocrity. Can we get some better restaurants in Cudell please?笑
An overall great experience... The bar has a good selection of beer, on tap and in bottles, for a wine bar.  The food is great, and there's something for everyone to eat regardless of your dietary restrictions. The staff is also very friendly and engaging. The bartenders, Oliver and Jeremy, usually have a drink ready for me when I first walk in the door. An upscale Cheers, where everybody knows your name. Highly recommend!笑
If I wanted to get ignored during dinner, I'd eat at home. Hey-o!

My fiance and I stopped in for a quick bite before a concert on a Friday night. The lovely patio area was jam packed with people so we had to sit inside. I didn't realize that I should have brought my parka with me. The thermostat must have been near the open door to the patio because I was COLD. (and I'm normally hot everywhere I go) Had my waitress spent more than about 3 minutes with us total the whole night, I might have told her that I was a little chilly. 

We waited forever, and ever, and ever for our waitress to bring us water, utensils, and other restaurant basics. She must have had a lot of parties outside, but...my money is green, too. Even at the end of our meal - close to 2 hours later - I had to flag her down and beg for the check. This was the first time in my entire life that I've thought about dining and dashing because I was so fed up with waiting. 

The food I ordered was ok. I got the vegan bok choi cabbage rolls, which weren't actually rolls and were a little bland. I got the vegan tofu lasagna and that was a little bland, too. I like tofu more than any sane person should, but this tofu just tasted like tofu. (fried tofu, too, which was weird in a lasagna) My fiance's non-vegan sandwich wasn't much better. 

Overall, we had a pretty meh experience. (and I had a terrifying experience in the bathroom - only a 7/11 should have a bathroom that dirty - for reals) I'd go back for drinks again and maybe try another vegan appetizer. But dinner? Probably not. And I'd go to the bathroom on the treelawn before I'd step back inside their grungy bathroom.笑
This is my favorite restaurant in all of Cleveland and surrounding areas! It's great for celebrating special occasions! Especially because my birthday is in June and they have an amazing patio.

The atmosphere is always very chill, and comfortable. The service is good and the food is great!! I never ordered anything I didn't like. They have an awesome shrimp cocktail and their salads are another favorite. 

They also have an amazing happy hour with a wonderful selection of $6 pizzas that taste great the next day cold or heated up in an oven. The Hawaiian is my favorite so far, there are still some I want to try.笑
Service is consistently slow. Been staring at a couple waiting for their server to pick up their credit card (they have the bill) for about fifteen minutes. They look like they'll just leave. The bartender makes very good drinks. There just aren't enough servers. The servers are very friendly but have entirely too many tables.笑
Went here for my birthday with 16 friends. Reservations were easy, the fact that they took reservations at all was awesome. They seated us immediately at a table all set up for us. Our waitress was amazing, was attentive without being annoying, got everything perfect with no mixups and she kept the wine flowing. Excellent location for a large party, fantastic experience, classy sophisticated atmosphere without that haughty sense from the staff or clientele.笑
We celebrated a cousin's birthday party here recently and the service was great.  There were approximately 10 of us, and we were never wanting.  The food was delicious, the drinks were great, the service was great, and if we're ever in the area again, we'll be back.

The pizza was excellent.  I wish I could order this stuff from home.  Do try!  I also had salmon for dinner, which was also very good.  Loved it!

Can't wait to try the other menu items!笑
First time in my life I've ever walked out of a restaurant.     8pm on a Friday night,  not very crowded at all. Got waters and waited over 20 minutes so got up and left. Meanwhile, watched the server on his phone and watching the TV at the bar completely clueless that we were waiting to order dinner and drinks. Way too many good places around this area to afford to have such awful service.笑
Two stars because the whole staff (except the hostess) is afraid to look you in the eye. No manager on a half-packed Friday night was strange. Bad acoustics (LOUD). We left without eating or drinking. Over twenty minutes is a long time to wait for a cocktail (which by the way, never arrived). Fail.笑
I went to the Clifton Martini and Wine Bar for my birthday the other day and had a great time.  We ordered 3 martinis, and each of them was fantastic.  They tasted great and packed quite a punch.

The Bar also had some good food offerings.  One of my friends ordered the burger, and I think he needed some time to himself after eating it.  I was told it was the best burger he has had in quite a while.  I mooched the fries, and they were phenomenal.

There were several different seating areas in the bar: the bar itself; a darker, "lounge" room (totally date-worthy); a ligher, restaurant-style room; and a very large patio.  The Bar was a great place to hang out.

The staff was amazingly nice and fun to talk to.  They seem like the kind of people that you just want to hang out with.

The only complaint that I have is that it is a little expensive.  The martinis were all $9.00, but they were well worth it.  As I said before, they were delicious and pack a punch.  The food cost more than I was willing to pay, but it tasted pretty good.

If you're looking for a good night out, I would highly recommend the Clifton Martini and Wine Bar.笑
The happy hour gang I hang out with frequents this place often.  It's hard to find a decent martini in Cleveland, but I have to say they know how to shake an excellent one here.

I've been here a few times and the food has been consistently delicious every time.  The pizzas really stand out.  They're half price during happy hour.  Oh and they're also a little smaller than the full priced fare, but they are still delicious.

The rest of the menu looks really delicious, but I don't know how many people know they have a full menu.  People may think this is a bar only, yet there appear to be some really nice entrees as well.  I'll need to come back and try those.

During warmer weather, this is one of the best patios around.  I really want this place to succeed.  This location has been cursed by so many failed restaurants.  In my opinion, this place should be around for a long time.  It's nice to have a classier, unpretentious wine and martini bar on the west side of town.笑
Very impressed. 

The martinis, the wine, the craft beer (!), the food, the service.  All superb.

Recently met a friend and thoroughly enjoyed both the drinks and the warm, inviting atmosphere offered by the Clifton Martini & Wine Bar.

After a couple martinis (which our server ended up making based on our personal taste) we *definitely* were in need of nourishment. . .So, we hungrily ordered the cheese and fruit plate - which was HUGE and delicious. Somehow we were still hungry and later enjoyed a white garlic-y pizza they had as a special.  Soo good.

I have been told that the patio is wonderful in the warmer months, so I cannot wait to come back soon when (hopefully?) the weather cooperates.