Great tapas place very tasty dishes. Everything is made fresh and you can tell it by the taste. Calamari very recommended. My wife told me that the paella was the best she ever taste.Ǿ
Enjoyed a lovely meal at Lobo Iberico.  I would recommend it. The location is very small / cozy... only a handful of tables.  Food was very good.  On the more expensive side... to be expected with quality food... plan on spending $150. + for 2 (with wine).Ǿ
We went in for Mothers Day. Super excited for some Spanish food. It was the most lack luster meal we've ever tried. 

1. The Orange and Fennel salad tasted watered down and underwhelming. 

2. The sausage and peppers, had high hopes, was left with essentially hot dogs.

3. The potato bravas were good as was the frittata.

The sangria had way too much sprite. I was really hoping for something wonderful and cool in town and perhaps this was because of Mothers Day and they wanted to simplify. But it left all of us hesitant to go back. 

I'm giving it two stars for the service and not the food. Our server was great.Ǿ
My husband and I came here for a date night. It's a great place for taking your time over a glass of wine and a meal of tapas. 
It is on the pricey side but the food is good and different from the usual (bacon wrapped dates were delicious).  Be sure to save room for dessert. The menu isn't on their website but they do have an interesting selection. The cinnamon ice cream with figs was great!Ǿ
High hopes for this new Spanish hideaway in the old MoJo location behind Al Casale.  Looking forward to another incredible lunch at MoJo, I sensed the change right away as I walked in the door. Quaintly but lavishly appointed, Lobo Iberico is definitely more suited to a date night.  The new sign, uniformed staff and background music all merged into a clear message--welcome to Spain!

I started with an iced tea, which in the Spanish tradition for beverages, came with a complementary tapas: deep fried eggplant spears with a garlic aioli dip.  The eggplant was fresh, crisp with a thin crust that implied the lightest of batter, if any. And the aioli was delicious!

For the main, I had the lunch paella, a risotto dish with seafood, green beans, peas, artichoke heart and a tomato based broth, with a side (rather large for a side) salad.  It arrived hot, a substantial portion, along with a bread course.  The plate had 3 mussels on the half shell, nicely cooked, as it is easy to overcook mussels, and several coarsely chopped shrimp.  The flavour or the paella was like my home in Spain (imagining that I actually came from Spain...), and the salad was fresh and crisp with a light sprinkling of balsamic dressing.

The Lunch Paella was $15. A bit spendy for a dish of mostly rice, and for a lunch, it could be a bit more economical.  For dinner there are a variety of paella on the menu, starting at a curious $45 for 2 people?  Also, there are a number of intriguing tapas on the menu.  I will need to try out the Garlic Shrimp Tapas for $22.

I am interested to watch the evolution of Lobo Iberico going forward.  Like Al Casala in front, this is an intimate, upscale specialty restaurant--no chain influence here.  What is Spanish for Vive la Difference?Ǿ
Tried this place for the first time. Got the small vegetarian for two and the medium seafood for 3-4. Total was over $140. Pretty much a tray of poorly cooked and very bland rice with peppers and zucchini. Seafood had about 20 small mussels, 4 calamari rings and 4 shrimps which was all way over cooked. What was supposed to serve the five of us no problem would have been a below average side dish for an actual meal.Ǿ
What a terrific place. Great food and wine, live flamenco guitar and friendly staff. My wife and I love this place for date night. I highly recommend it :)Ǿ
Had lunch with girlfriends and we tried as many of the menu items as possible.  We loved everything we ate!  The chickpeas were slow cooked and full of flavour, the mussels were cooked to perfection - bread to sop up the white wine sauce is a must!  The croquetas were crispy on the outside and perfectly cooked inside - the calamari was perfectly spiced and melted in our mouths.  We broke with tradition and had vegetarian paella and each of us went back for second and third helpings.  I definitely recommend this treasure.Ǿ
Okay, this will probably be an updated post on day in the future. But here is my deal. I got take out. I didn't see the location, though I heard it seats 16 people - so very intimate, I'm assuming. Location is kind of hidden on Leslie, just behind long-standing restaurant Al Casale.

I got the paella with all the fixings - mussels, chicken and shrimp. 

I am not Spanish, I have no relatives in/from Spain to cook me a nice authentic meal, but I did spend a week in Barcelona (yay people who travel and think they're experts on topics). Maybe I was drunk the entire trip (possible), maybe I was high on travelling Europe (also possible) but I remember every morsel of rice being perfectly cooked with that dark, crispy bottom of crunchy goodness, I remember ever mussel being tender, every shrimp being cooked just on the balance of freshly pink, every chicken oozing with moisture and most importantly... the saffron. The saffron was incredible, nothing like what you have here sitting in your cupboards. 

This paella gave me hopes of reliving this moment. I was sadly overwhelmed by an insurmountable assault of salt in my food. I tried to google this, for this is NOT how I like my food. I thought, perhaps I was just way too in my travel element to have noticed this, especially since tons of people on Yelp say this is very authentic food. The only thing I could find is salt levels in food are dependent of regions in Spain. I'd be curious to see where the chef's inspiration comes from. But me, I couldn't scarf down more than 2 bites of this salty dish.

I would go back and try their tapas and other dishes. But I just can't trust the paella again.Ǿ
Soooo authentic and tasty.

We were a group of 6 and accommodated so well for a small restaurant. Our main entree was the mixed seafood and chicken paella... To die for. So tasty and the rice was perfect cooked. 

My favourite appetizer were the croquettas.. Crispy on the outside and so creamy and delicious on the inside. We also had the Spanish meatballs.. They tasted exactly like my grandmother's homemade ones. I wanted to lick my plate. 

Another highlight of the night was the Spanish guitar player. He was amazing!! And accepted our song requests lol. 

I love this restaurant -- epitome of comfort food. You feel like you're at home and treated like family. 

Thank you for such a wonderful experience.Ǿ
Came to this restaurant on May 23rd for dinner to celebrate a birthday with my partner and we were both greatly impressed with the quality and taste of all the dishes we ordered. 

I found it better than most of the Spanish restaurants I visited while in Spain a few years ago.

What a treat!Ǿ
Lobo Iberico is an experience, a wonderful experience!  The ambiance is perfect for enjoying a romantic evening along with delicious, beautifully prepared traditional Spanish food.  The chef, Carlos, is enthusiastic and proud of his Spanish background and delights in talking to patrons who are interested in learning more about the cuisine. Delicious food, wonderful atmoshere, great service. We'll be back!Ǿ
I just found this little restaurant in Newmarket.  The place is small but very cozy.  I love Spanish guitar and Emilio did not disappoint.  The food was great.  Carlo, the server was great from the time I called.  He was friendly, he knew the menu inside out and had good knowledge of the wine list (very important to me).  I really enjoy the experience with my lovely wife.  I will recommend this place to all my friends.