I went to this place with high expectations, maybe a little too high because I was let down big time. The sandwich didn't have a lot a meat, it was loaded down mostly with lettuce and their dirty sauce which was coming out of every side of the sandwich so didn't matter what kind of meat you got in your sandwich everything taste like dirty sauce. The meat was along the lines of a subway as far as quality and was overpriced. The customer service is great and that's why I'm leaving a 2 star instead of a 1 but I will never go back with sandwich places like Firehouse Subs around. I'm more into quality than quantity.笑
One word to described the sandwiches here and it's AMAZING!!!!!!
I love the fact that they have options for everyone gluten-free, vegan, and vegetarian! It makes this a great spot you could take any one to! 
I'm not sure if it's their bread that makes the sandwiches so delicious but the bread might as well be made of crack! 
I'm a vegetarian so I tried my very first ever marinara meatless meat ball Sammy and wow, it's my favorite so far!笑
The only place in town that I've found Dutch crunch bread. Great variety of sandwich options and awesome staff. Free lollipops too!笑
Love Ike's Sandwiches, their huge menu and separate veggie section with lots of vegan options is amazing! I don't particularly like this location because they have a storefront but it's always closed so you have to go to the order out window and sit outside. I've been there in the summer so it's been super hot outside. Don't know if they are renovating but everything looks good inside so not sure why it's not open. I ordered Pirates of the Caribbean and it was really good. Always order on Dutch crunch bread and they make a vegan version of their dirty sauce and will even give you a blow pop instead of a caramel apple lollipop if you tell them you're vegan. Love Ike's and that it's expanding. Can't wait for the indoor seating to be available at this spot. Highly recommend, my favorite sandwich spot.笑
Amazing amazing amazing. 
Order the Damon Bruce. 

Been coming to the Westwood CA for years.  It was my fav sandwich shop. Moved to AZ to find Ike's here aswell. I drive 30 minutes out of my way for Ike's consistently.  

Don't think about it. Go here.笑
Great food, absolutely terrible service. The first few times I had Ike's I would have given a 6-star rating if I could, but after my last two experiences here it will be a long time before I step inside these doors again.笑
Delicious! Don't trust google map! I walked mills up and down 3 times trying to find this fucking place! It's at the back of the building...yes I am an idiot. Anyway, service was great and the sandwich was delicious!!! I will definitely go back to try another. 

I like warm sandwiches and when the cashier said all their sandwiches comes warm, I was sold! Lol
So yea, if you like freshness and warmth, this place is for u!!笑
Great Vegan Sammies!! We loved it. My husband had the pilgrim and I had the Bud Bundy! Both vegan and both fantastic. We will be back!!笑
Wow...my God...what on earth did I just stumble upon??  So, I was flying over late from Denver to Phoenix and just wanted to grab a quick bite on my way to my hotel.  KA-BAM!  Why is it I continue to find these great little nuggets around the Tempe area??  Every time I visit here, I keep finding these amazing local little places serving up incredibly delicious eats!!

And dear God...Ike's is quite possibly one of the best sandwiches I've ever eaten!!!  
No lie.  

So I must add...the three young kids (youn adults...forgive me) working at Ike's tonight we're beyond incredible...in fact, let's just call them awesome.  They all, and I mean all three of them added a bit of warmth and sincerity to my experience - something you just don't see very often...(right Aldo?). Lol

Anyway...Ike - please give these kids a raise!!  Well, not to assume you're not paying them well- just recognize that you are very blessed to have such an enthusiastic and creative crew of workers.  I really can't get over at how frigg'en friendly and helpful they here to me tonight...seriously.  They came out from behind the counter, went over the menu with me, made solid suggestions but only after qualifying me (again, another anomaly) and then, they all did their part making me this amazing amazing work of art - wow. I'm so mad at myself for not getting their names - they truly need to be recognized!!  They were just great kids - period!  

I went with a homegrown half pastrami and half turkey sandwich on their French Roll...one side was dressed with their god father sauce and the other had this garlic aioli...both extremely yummy and All homemade of course.  A little tomato and onion and trust me, this ship just found its harbor...into the belly it went!

I'm stuffed, I'm happy, my belly hurts cause I ate waaaaaay too much but again, I'm very very very happy!!  That was a great sandwich - thank you Baby Jesus...

This is the type of sandwich and experience that one just doesn't get very often, or ever...for that matter - I can't wait to go back!!!  

Please open one in New Mexico!!  Please??笑
Can we just say AH-MAZING.?  

Amazing to find that one of San Francisco's BeSt sandwich shops has not only expanded throughout Northern California, but found a home not far from the ASU Campus...

Okay, when I first stepped into the Ike's on 16th Street in the City, I didn't.  I actually stood in line OUTSIDE the small shop for a while before ordering.  Yes, it's THAT popular.  

And when I did, i fell in love with the menu.  Sandwiches with fun names, some silly, some famous.  

I ordered for our group :  Barry Z., Barry B., and a Lincecum!!!,

I ask you, how could I not love a place that names sandwiches after iconic SF Giants players?  

Flash forward a few years.  Here we are in Arizona to visit family AND watch the World Series together.  Wouldn't it be great to have some yummy San Francisco treat?  I'm not talking Rice-A-Roni...  Low and behold, Ike's has a shop on Mills Avenue.

I got to meet Chase, the person bringing this little piece of sandwich heaven to Tempe.  What a nice young man.  Instant adoration since we were both sporting our Giants gear. Too fun.  And when my order proved too big for me to carry, he helped me out to my car.  Great service!

I do hope this shop becomes very successful.  The sandwiches are very Yum.  Too many to describe.  Check out their website for sandwich descriptions and know that no matter what the location, they make ANY sandwich on all of their menus....  

Next time we are in Tempe, we will be back.   And of course during Spring Training, when we are in town to cheer on our Giants!  I fully expect to wait in line, once the locals and college kids discover this new treasure....笑
My absolute favorite grab and go lunch spot on Mill. This place is just awesome in every way. First off, the menu is fun with all the sandwiches named after famous folk and some some local ones thrown in for good measure. 

I think the best thing, besides the awesome food, is the staff. Everyone and I mean every single person every time I go in there is just so friendly and warm and exuding a love for their job. They chat with you about your day, make sure you leave happy and are just awesome to be around. Now the food itself is great too - the sandwiches are a monster size so i usually would go for the lunch combos which are a half sammy with chips and a drink on the cheap. Every single sandwich is amazing, espeically if you get it on the Dutch bread - hello crunchy factor to raise up the sandwich bread game! 

Try these guys out, you'll love it if you're in the mood for sandwiches...and LOVE-ly people :)笑
Good sandwiches. Certainly more flavor and uniqueness than your average Subway. I suggest going with the Dutch Crunch bread. And it has happy hour which is free drinks and chips from 4pm-7pm. As for the types of sandwiches, there are a lot of variety.

I had the pastrami which is not bad at all. I still could say that it could have used a little more meat. But other than that, it was good. The fries were good too but not sure if it was $5 worth of good. I mean that is almost another sandwich right there. Or extra meat.

Is it the best? I can't say that. Is it good? Yes.笑
These sandwiches are addicting. When I used to be a fast food eater I would always go to Carl's Jr and get a western chicken sandwich. The bbq chicken sandwich they offer here is like crack to me. The fact that they have a convenient open outdoor seating makes it a great stop during my dog walks as well. I never thought I could love a sandwich this much.笑
A tiny sandwich shop tucked away in downtown Tempe with a dizzying number of hand-crafted sandwiches.

We just asked the friendly college kid at the counter for his recommendations to make things easier. I got the "ménage a trios" (shredded chicken, three kinds of cheese, BBQ sauce) and my wife the "ted danson" (turkey, coleslaw and Swiss). We also got the house special "Dutch crunch" bread.

It took only a few minutes and our two massive sandwiches were ready (note to self-there are some half sandwiches for next time).  The sandwiches were nicely toasted and very tasty. Sort of a local, stepped-up version of pot belly with a much larger number of choices.

A fast and tasty lunch.笑
Pros:
Big portion for each sandwich
Entertaining menu with lots of variety
Vegetarian options
Halal options
Dessert sandwiches
Tasty and fresh
Complimentary lolli

Cons:
Wait time
More expensive than the average sandwich
Sitting areas uncomfortable笑
I'm from San Francisco and was lucky enough to have my first Ike's sandwich at its very first location. Ike's has never disappointed. For a vegetarian/vegan, the selection of sandwiches are amazing. I love that they are able to have mock meat on their menu - though I'm not certain that they make their own mock meat. I have had multiple sandwiches on their menu, but the meatball sub is always my go to.

This particular location has an interesting set up w/ friendly and efficient staff. It's very warehousey - the tables most often need a good sweep/wipe down before we sit down to eat. I've never had to wait more than 7-8 minutes for my order. The last time we visited, we had the turkey/cranberry sandwich and the tots. Sandwich was ace as always, but we only got 6-7 tots...I was thinking that it would be a lot more considering they give a lot more fries in previous visits. 

They also forgot to give me my caramel pop - they always forget my caramel pop...even when they ask if I want it and put it on the order...笑
I dragged my feet on checking this place out because I was thinking it's just a sandwich; no big deal. I was SO wrong!

I checked out their website ahead of time, which has a "vegan" tab for each Ike's location, so I was already familiar with some of the vegan offerings.  But when I arrived, there were so many more options jumping out a me. Luckily, the employees know their stuff when it comes to their vegan menu, and they were able to answer my questions.

I ordered the Handsome Owl (sans cheese): vegan chicken, teriyaki, Wasabi Mayo, lettuce, onions, pickles, & banana peppers, on Ike's World Famous Dutch Crunch bread. OMG! I don't know what sorcery they used to conjure up that bread's amazing and unique flavor, but it is phenomenal! The combinations of all the flavors that encompass the sandwich is ingenious.  My mind is blown. It's a $10 sandwich, but it's huge, filling, and worth every single penny.  I will certainly return to try all of the vegan combinations. 

They sell Zapp's potato chips, which come in a variety of colorfully named flavors, like "Voodoo Heat," "Hotter'N Hot Jalapeño,"Sweet Creole Onion," etc.  Looking at the ingredients on the bags (and I have since checked Zapp's website), it appears that only the Salt & Vinegar, and BBQ Ranch chips are not vegan (they contain a milk product), and all except the Mesquite BBQ are gluten-free. However, the source of the natural smoke flavor and "natural flavor" needs to be confirmed.  I also spotted MSG in at least one flavor.

I tried the Hotter'N Hot Jalapeño chips. I wasn't impressed. 0 heat. Not 1 hint of spice. And the taste was a little off; almost on the stale side, but the bag showed a November expiration date. Not sure what that was about. Next time I'll try a different flavor to see if there's any change. 


Management informed me of the following:

50% of the veggie sandwiches can be made vegan upon request. 
They use Daiya for the vegan cheese, Tofurkey for the vegan turkey, and Gardein for the vegan chicken and meatballs. 
All of their breads are vegan except for the wheat (it's honey wheat).
The wasabi mayo is automatically vegan, so no need to request a vegan version.
Their Dirty sauce is not vegan, but they offer a vegan version, (which is delicious, btw! Add it to your sandwich, or get it on the side and dip your sandwich in it. YUM!)
Fries (called "Air Fries") are vegan; they are baked, not fried.
Tater tots are vegan. 

Not vegan:
pesto, & honey mustard sauces, the fried foods, like onion rings & beer battered zucchini (egg based batter), and the obvious (meats and non-vegan cheeses). 
CORRECTION: Their Sun-Devil (a nod to Arizona State University/ ASU) is not vegan, & they do NOT have a vegan version. (The photo I added is actually their vegan Dirty sauce.)

Their veggie bacon is vegetarian; not vegan

Gluten-free bread available upon request.

I love the way it's decorated. It has a very warm, happy, and welcoming vibe. Friendly and vegan-knowledgable employees. Fountain drinks or bottled drinks available. Open late (until midnight) on Fri/Sat. There are few outside tables. Located in the heart of Tempe, next to the Bank of America off Mill, between 6th & 7th. Typical downtown Tempe street or paid lot parking.

SANDWICHES = MIND BLOWN!笑
Best sandwiches going around!  I normally get this in the Bay Area but this location was pretty good too.  Ike is a legend!笑
Oh man this place is good...tons of choices, friendly staff, it's kind of like cheba hut on steroids.笑
Ike's has quickly become one of my wife and I's favorite sub spots. It never disappoints. 
I love their overall atmosphere, their dedication to creating delicious food, and their ability to have fun doing it!
My favorite part is just the novelty of it all. Their sandwiches range from (essentially) a standard roast beef all the way to subs stuffed with 4 kinds of cheese, Tater tots, veggies, and habanero sauce. This place is great for carnivores and veggies alike, and definitely will fill up anyone wanting to cash out the 10 bucks per sub. 
Bottom line: WORTH EVERY PENNY! Mmmm!笑
yooooooo ike's is the joint. First off, Cheerwine (which can be found there) is slappin. Why isn't that more common? Gimme dem fizzy lifting drinks

second off, choices on choices on choices on choices. I don't think there is a genuine sandwich that is not on that menu. 

third off, madison bumgarner. rib eye, yellow bbq, habanero salsa, pepper jack. yas yas yas, trick

fourth off, that dutch crunch bread makes all other breads look like absolute lames. how do these guys make bread so good? 

fifth off, the vibes. awesome celeb pics on the wall. who doesn't like celeb pics?

Jay Pritchard from Modern Family (pic on wall) approves of this place and so do i. 

FIVE STARS笑
Ordered the pastrami on house bread. They had way too much on this sandwich to taste the pastrami.  The house  bread  tastes like saltine crackers on top.  Would try this place again has a ton of selection. Also they don't have ice tea . Seating was kind of limited so it if hot outside might want to take it to go.笑
Ike's seriously has the best sandwiches I've ever eaten. The dutch crunch bread is the best and the halal chicken sandwiches are amazing.

I work right across from there so its really hard for me to walk past Ike's and have lunch somewhere else. The sandwiches are really big (they used to be bigger!), so it covers lunch and dinner for like 10 bucks. 

The options are multifold and they can make sandwiches that are not on the menu as well. I never get tired of eating here and I'm always sad after I finish my sandwich :(笑
Love their sandwiches. They have a huge  menu with everything type of sandwich. And very friendly staff too.. they don't rush you through the order.. suggest and help you customize your sandwich in any way you want.

Vegan and vegetarian friendly place.笑
Very filling . Their full sandwiches are huge and very tasty. They have an extended menu and I ordered a sandwich with habanero sauce and dutch bread . Worth going back again笑
Sandwiches are really good! The chips and drink choices aren't very good, if they had a better selection they would be the best sandwich shop around hands down. The Stephan Jenkins and Steph Curryone on Dutch Crunch bread are brilliant choices!笑
$12 after tax and tip. The sandwich was really tasty and the Dutch bread was outstanding - both crispy and chewy - but I had a sour taste in my Christhole after spending so much for a sandwich.笑
Definitely a solid 4 stars for the food and 5 stars for service. 

We went in for a (very) late dinner and were instantly greeted by a dauntingly expansive menu and extra-helpful staff. 

I was wearing a shirt from the Vegan Food Fest and the employee immediately asked me if I had dietary restrictions. I love when restaurants have lots of vegetarian/vegan options available! 

I ended up getting the Sometimes I'm a Vegetarian (artichokes, grilled mushroom, pesto, provolone) on the Dutch crunch bread. Sandwich was very good and I loved the texture of the bread! If there had been a better ratio between the veggies and sauce, I would've given it 5 stars. There was scant pesto, but a lot of of mayo/sauce/something mayo-based. I'm not a mayo fan (I think they call it "dirty sauce") and there was WAY too much of it. My boyfriend got the Jeremy Stoppleman (breaded eggplant, grilled tomato, habanero salsa, pesto, provolone). He gave his four stars as well. His complaints were too much mayo and not enough toppings. Next time we'll be sure to ask for no sauce. :) 

Our sandwiches also came with caramel apple suckers (which were actually delicious, haha). 

Overall, the service was outstanding and the food was good. We'll be back for sure!笑
My boyfriend saved me half of a Reggie Jackson sub from here...best 1/2 of a sandwich ever! Other good sub places in the area to try out if you're a sub junkie are Firehouse, Jersey Mike's (closer to the town lake and freeway), and Jimmy John's which is right next to student housing at ASU.笑
Great sandwich place that's tucked away on Mill Ave! With unique menu items, there is definitely something for everyone. They even have sandwiches that include mozzarella cheese sticks layered right in! I'm a big fan of their 'normal' turkey, bacon and swiss or tuna sandwiches. The Sun Devil sauce is amazing and be sure to take advantage of the free extra add in's i.e. onion, mustard, etc. I personally order my sandwich on the sourdough, but I've heard good things about the Dutch crunch along with their normal wheat and white. I had to deduct a star because it's really hard find a parking spot in the area without having to pay to park.笑
Great place to grab a quick bite during lunch. I had the Matt Cain on Dutch crunch bread. It was delicious. The sandwich came out pretty quickly and everyone who worked there was nice. Overall, great experience and I will definitely be returning.笑
The best sandwich shop I've ever been to. Highly recommend the Julius Caesar, on their signature bread. Just tremendous.笑
Fantastic sub joint on Mill Ave! Highly recommend this place especially if you are comparing it to other sub places. Ike's blows the others out of the water!笑
Ike's is hands down my favorite sandwich shop near ASU. It's definitely a splurge for a college student, but well worth it. My go-to sandwiches are the Jeremy Stoppleman and Pat Tillman, but you can't go wrong with any choice. I could probably eat just the Dutch crunch bread toasted with dirty sauce every day if I could. 

Fast, personable, and friendly service.笑
Stopped in after checking this place out online and saw they had a lot of vegetarian options. When I got there I was totally overwhelmed with all the options so I just went to the counter, told them what I was looking for, and the found the exact sandwich I wanted. It happened to be on a menu from one of their other locations, but they are able to make just about anything you could want. As a vegetarian, it's difficult to find any place that's overwhelming with veggie options, so this was honestly a breath of fresh air. I initially thought it was a little bit pricey, but once I got the sandwich and saw just how big it was, the price definitely seemed fair. So my only advice would be to only go when you're really hungry, 'cause you're about to get more food than you can handle.

I'll be back next time I'm around Mill!笑
Was excited about a sandwich place with lots of vegan options. Big disappointment. Bread and ingredients are worse than subway quality. There ARE tons of veggie options available, but I'm not optimistic after this one.笑
This is a must visit spot! So glad these guys finally got so sense into them and came to Mill Ave! ;) Amazing food, personable friendly service. "Ike's for the love of sandwiches"... What is there not to love!? They also have great Veggie/Vegan options if you're into that sorta thing. Thank you, Marco, Patrick and staff for the great experience! I had "The love triangle" Veggie chicken, honey mustard, BBQ, pepper jack, Swiss, cheddar + avocado, grilled onions, and jalapeño on Dutch crunch. W/SD hot sauce. ~Mmmmm :)笑
I ordered the usual #111 menage a trois however my to-go order didn't come with a caramel apple pop, paper bag or napkins. The server however nice seemed confused. The sandwich usually you could taste the honey but it felt like it was missing the usual bbq sauce.

 Maybe this was an off day but for a $10 sandwich I better get my candy. We did come during happy hour 2-5 pm and they give you a free large size drink.笑
the wall of pictures and crazy amount of items to choose from, thought this was going to be an amazing experience. However, once i got my sandwich about to bite into the sandwich and there was a  beard hair right on the edge!  ruined it for my appetite. The guys asked me if they could make another one. And super nice about it! Still i will never go back!笑
Um quite possibly one of my favorite sandwiches ever.. Today was my first try and I will be back very soon !  I had the Barry with Avocado..笑
Can I just say this place is DELICIOUS!!!!! The staff is so awesome and fun as well :) Also if you're vegan please try the Pirates of the Carribean it's amazing... Please try it and for you vegetarians you can definitely enjoy some delights as well. Something for everyone!!!! YAY!!!!!!笑
I have a problem giving a sandwich place five stars so Just consider this is rating sandwich place against other sandwich places. Decent atmosphere, friendly helpful staff, really well-made sandwiches. I've also read some of the other reviews and I would agree with all of the really good ones.  I don't agree with the ones that run the place or the food down. But it does go to show that nobody can guarantee that you will think this is five stars. Hope you at least give it a try it's worth it.笑
One of the best sandwich places in Tempe!
The staff are always helpful if you ask them and so nice! Go Ike's笑
Best sandwich my parents have ever had in Arizona. Place has a ton of sandwiches and there is no way you walk away hungry from this joint.笑
There is nothing in the world like the combo of bread amazingness, the way the chicken is sort of shredded or whatever- it's fabulous- and that sauce. Once I think, "I'm gonna get Ike's" it's all I can think about until glorious first bite.笑
I had first heard of Ike's while watching a Man vs Food episode and had been wanting to try it ever since. I even it had it bookmarked for my next visit to San Francisco. I'm so glad I don't have to wait to visit San Fran to try these delicious sandwiches, since they have recently expanded to Phoenix. My first time here was at Yelp Community Event, where we were able to have a tasting menu of 4 different sandwiches. This was perfect for first timers as there's so many options to choose from. I chose from an experimental tasting menu, and my husband had the spicy tasting menu, so we were able to taste 8 different sandwiches all together. Every sandwich we tried was delicious. It's really hard to pick a favorite, the highlights were a buffalo chicken style sandwich, the Mozzarella's Big Cheese which had chicken and honey on it, the Carne Asada fries sandwich (which included just that) and the dessert sandwich of nutella and marshmallow fluff. There's a ton of substitutions available along with vegetarian and vegan options, and their bread is fresh as it's par-baked daily and then baked to order. The staff here is really passionate about their food and extremely nice and helpful. I will definitely return for Ike's amazing sandwiches.笑
I don't know why I gave this place 4 stars instead of 5. It is my go-to for sandwiches now that I'm gluten free. The best of the best. My favorite is the Reggie Jackson笑
I liked the variety of sandwiches available.  My mom and I each got something different and then traded a half so we could sample a couple of them.  By far my favorite thing was the fried zucchini with pesto dipping sauce.  The zucchini was perfectly fried deliciousness and the pesto was fresh and wonderful.  The girls at the register were friendly, but they did miss a couple of special requests we made.  In their defense, we were new to Ike's and asking lots of questions.  The mistakes in our order weren't bad enough to complain about or send back the food.

Ultimately, the reason I'm rating Ike's 4 stars and not 5 is price.  We felt it was a bit pricey for sandwiches, although they are huge.  Two people could easily split one.  So if you're a penny pintcher like me, bring a friend and share a sandwich.笑
One of the best and most creative sandwich shops around! Extremely friendly staff, personally remember me and my group by name and our orders. Even ran into Ike himself, who's a rockstar! Hey Ike, Garrett should manage the new downtown location.笑
I've been to Ike's quite a few times and I have never been disappointed. I've tried a variety of the sandwiches, which always are full of meat and veggies. My only complaint is getting to this Mill ave location is tough around lunch time for parking.笑
I love the friendly staff here and the caramel apple lollipop bonus. :) Sometimes I'm a Vegetarian is my favorite sandwich!笑
Love the veggie sandwiches and the dutch crunch bread. A bit overpriced but the sandwiches are huge. They did miss a couple of ingredients on my sandwich a couple of times, like the habanero salsa. I just hope the place survives unlike all the previous establishments in this location.笑
I love this place! My boyfriend and I go to ASU and we often go for their "happy hour" deal. Their happy hour is if you order a sandwich to eat in you get free chips and a drink! It's a really good deal and it's great food. Recently my boyfriend and I went in and the staff was friendly and there was a guy who I didn't recognize as an employee he was offering us free samples of pizza they made to see if they wanted to put it on the menu, we politely declined and he and my boyfriend talked a little while I ordered. When my boyfriend and I went to pay the cashier told my boyfriend that "Ike had paid for our meal. He came and told me and I was confused but then I noticed the cartoons of Ike on the walls and it made sense. The employee offering samples was Ike! After we received our food we thanked him for our free food and had a small conversation. I haven't had such great customer service in a long time and it just makes me loves this place even more!笑
I tried this place in San Francisco, so couldn't have been happier when I discovered it here on a work trip! Absolutely delicious. They will make ones that they have at other locations too, so I got the Love Triangle (Menage A Trois with Vegan Breaded Chicken). Will be going back for more vegetarian sandwiches while I'm here!笑
Extensive selection of some pretty interesting sandwiches. I have yet to have a sandwich there that wasn't enjoyed. If you're looking for something a little more exciting than a JimmyJohn's, you just found it.笑
I love this place! Radiates love.
Fantastic vegetarian/vegan/gluten free food.
I usually get a reading rainbow!
The sandwiches are HUGE they are usually 2 meals for me so I don't mind paying the price.
Staff is really friendly, helpful and pretty quick.
So nice to have a place that serves vegetrian/vegan options other than just lettuce and tomatoes (ahem JJ's!)笑
My Tips for you:
1. The menu can be overwhelming - ask the staff for recs.
2. If you aren't starving - split it with a friend, the portions are huge, that or do what I did and eat the whole thing, but just be in a food coma the rest of the afternoon 
3. Get dutch crunch for the bread. 
4. don't throw away your bag before checking to see if they didn't throw in some surprise lollipop inside, you'll be said when you've tossed yours and your friend's are enjoying their surprise candy dessert笑
My boyfriend and I ordered through Door Dash.  I had the Pat Tillman with tater tots added to the actual sandwich.  I had the dutch crunch bread which is really tasty.  We also ordered a few sides beer battered onion rings and stuffed jalapeño poppers. I really like the onion rings, they had a nice beer flavor, even being a little soggy. The poppers were ok nothing really stood out about them. I will be back to explore more of their delicious combinations on their fresh dutch crunch bread.  I am a fan!!笑
Great place for a quick bite and fit my criteria for a place to eat: fits the budget, has to make me full, at least 4 stars on yelp, and of course tasty. This place hit all the marks everytime I come and visit. This place never goes wrong especially in the endless amount of sandwiches to choose from, and as for myself I'm always feeling adventurous I have tried at least 3 (times visited) of there sandwiches. Overall I guess you just can't go wrong from there veggie to meat choices.  Just a quick tip try there Dutch bread you can never go wrong! Enjoy and munch on!笑
Hidden in a little corner of downtown tempe it's this great sandwich place.  The cashier was so patient to explained how the chicken is made . We went at happy hour time (from 4-7pm) and it included the chips and drink.  After reading some of the reviews here we decided to go with one sandwich for two people and it is true! They are perfect for 2. 

Great atmosphete..笑
As a couple others have already pointed out, this is a chain based in San Francisco, not a local business - but still definitely a neat and tasty sandwich shop.

I've been twice. The first time, the cashier took a couple minutes to walk me through the menu and make recommendations. I had a Sundevil (American cheese, fried chicken, and spicy sauce) on sourdough (they'd run out of Dutch Crunch for the day). Good chicken, good bread, good sauce... all around, a pretty good experience. The second time, I got a bacon and egg sandwich on Dutch Crunch. I'm a sucker for all things breakfast, and not at all hard to please; that said, I thought this was a pretty good sandwich too. Bread was rich and crunchy, bacon was plentiful... the egg was a little rubbery, but not bad.

The only thing that might keep me from returning is the price. Most sandwiches will run you about $10 (a bit less for a half), and while they're definitely good, I'm undecided about whether they're $10 worth of good.笑
Holy cow. I never would have imagined a sandwich shop could blow me away the way Ike's has, but here we are. 

   The menu is expansive... like HUGE, with a ridiculous amount of options to fully include vegetarian and vegan, plus the staff I've encountered so far have been friendly to the point of a bit of fawning happening. The portions are ENORMOUS, I'm a big fella and can only eat half of a sandwich, thankfully they are delicious heated up the next day, and if you go during happy hour you get free chips and a drink with you sandwich, dope. 

   I discovered Ike's on Sunday, came back again Monday, and fully intend to try to convince my wife to go again today (Tuesday). You are missing out if you have not been to Ike's yet. Seriously笑
Heard of this place from my cousin in LA so we had to check it out!  I got the Reggie Jackson and added onion and avocado .. Amazing!! Also got the fried zucchini and seasoned fries - everything was delicious and the portions were huge! Great service and food was superb! Mouth watering sandwiches - so filling and satisfying!笑
This place is kind of like a mix between potbelly's and jimmy johns, but much more unique and creative. There are soooo many sandwich options and I wanted to try all of them! The vegetarian options looked especially intriguing. The Dutch crunch bread was really yummy, but not that crunchy once it soaks up all the sauce. I liked it better than jimmy johns bread. The sauces are pretty tasty but I have no idea what's actually in them because there's no descriptions of them. The dirty sauce kind of seemed like a thick garlicky aioli, more like a spread than a sauce. The sandwiches are also huge, especially when you add toppings like lettuce and tomato, and I was so full afterward. Wouldn't come with a big group because there isn't much seating. Definitely want to come back and try more!笑
This sandwich shop is legit. I ordered the Cain and it did not disappoint. I did modify it a bit and I think they may have not taken heed to my removal of the sauce that came with the sandwich as opposed to my request for Italian. I thought I would hate it since I do not like horse radish but I was corrected. The menu can be overwhelming but take your time you won't regret it.笑
Wow. Since discovering this place I have been back about 5 times. One of the best sandwich places I've been too. I don't want to hype it up too much, because you should discover this place for yourself.

My favorite is the Ménage a Trois.笑
I have one of these places in California and its fucking flame. I wish I could say the same about the Tempe location. My lettuce tasted old, and my sandwich fell apart. It just wasn't all there, I've had way better sandwiches from Danville CA.笑
I consider myself a sandwich expert. I live for sandwiches. Every town I've lived in i make it my mission to find the best sandwich shop in town. This was my first stop since moving to Tempe, and I do not think I will ever go anywhere else. Such delicious. Much awesome. So tasty.
I got the Phil Mickelson and it was almost a spiritual experience. I developed a relationship with my sandwich and cried when it was gone.笑
Great shop and friendly staff. But it's the food that makes this place great. Good variety. What a sandwich! It wasn't just a sandwich but more of a gourmet meal. My wife and I looked at each other with wide eyed glee after our first bites. Incredible freshness and flavor. Definitely worth many visits.笑
Sandwich was amazing. I'd recommend to anyone looking for a variety of subs that taste great.笑
Ike's is unreal. After one bite you'll agree that it's the best sandwich you've ever had. A sandwich goes for over $10 but it's worth it because it's 2 meals, it's a big sandwich. Get the Dutch crunch bread!

Mill ave. is having a huge resurgence and Ike's is a big part of it.笑
Have visited this place 3 times so far.   Tried different sandwiches each time.  First time was the best but the other times the sandwiches were pretty bland.  Service has always been good.笑
Ted Danson sandwich was amazing - make sure you add lettuce and tomato and get it on the Dutch bread! They make their bread fresh everyday!笑
The best sub place in tempe!! You wont be let down with a selection of 40+ subs. Voodoo chip are muy fuego.笑
Bomb sandwiches, but holy hell they need to do something about calling in orders when they're busy.  I called twice between 12-12:15 and they put me on hold for 6+ minutes before I hung up both times...笑
$3.79 for 8 cold tater tots. Are you kidding me? We ordered 2 orders (I almost only got one, thinking that it would probably be enough) and therefore spent over $8 (with tax) for 16 tater tots. That were cold. And bland. It left such a bad taste in my mouth (figuratively and literally) that the sandwich was probably better than it seemed. No interest in returning.笑
I used to work at an Ike's in California so I'm well versed in their sandwich menu and offerings. It's nice to see how that has transitioned to Mill Avenue and the craziness it offers. My go to order is a Pilgrim with Extra Dirty, Lettuce Tomato, and Mozzarella sticks. You'll want to get he Voodoo chips if you want a tangy flavor to contrast with your sandwich. I love Ike's selection but what most people don't know is that their menu is much longer. They have something like 200 different ones on their website. My only wish for this location is a Binder in which I can sort through other sandwiches like we had in the store I used to work at. Otherwise it's as much Ike's as any other location, quality is their game.笑
Love this place! Good quality ingredients and great quantity! The staff was also friendly too even though the store was busy.笑
Another amazing sandwich!!
"Sometimes I'm A Vegetarian"
First half here & second half on top of A Mountain. 
All ways a great choice.笑
Crazy good! We ordered the MILF and the Phil Mickelson...both were amazing!笑
Service was pretty slow in spite of them being not that busy. Prices are a bit high. Overall good food but it didn't feel worth the expense and time waiting (my friends' sandwiches came out in five minutes but it took 15 minutes for mine).笑
This place might be great for people with dietary concerns but I'm not thrilled that I paid $10 for a sandwich that was mostly bread and lettuce.  I ordered the Matt Cain, which has turkey, roast beef, and salami.  3 kinds of meat so I'm thinking it's going to be loaded.  I was wrong.  Not only that but it was pretty sloppy, meaning the meat tended to squish out of the opposite end that I was biting into.  

I'm not deducting points for this but I believe I noticed another reviewer point out that Ike's is a "local establishment".  Sorry to burst your bubble but this place is a chain from the Bay Area in case the names of the menu items had not tipped you off.笑
Ikes Ikes Ikes you make my day-ay. This is the third location that I've been to and I'm happy to say they're consistent with the food and great service. This location opened up two weeks ago and its kind of hidden. Its tucked in an area thats behind Mill Ave. It didn't take much time to find it, but I'm glad its hidden because only a few know about it so far. When you find it, the trip is totally worth it.笑
We called ahead with 15 min left until close and let Jackson know we were coming. He gladly stayed open, and accommodated us, this absolutely made our night. It was a very kind gesture especially for a Friday night when you know they want to get home. Thanks for being awesome Jackson!笑
Gee I think I've written like 3 separate reviews on Ike's in my life. We'll make this #4! Been to several in Nor Cal including the original Castro location. Also been to the first Az one in Mesa and now Tempe. Man can they make more in the valley to hit all sides! 

Everything is great here and I'll be making this my go to sandwich place next time I'm in Tempe. It's off the beaten path but there is a sign off of Mill so it is not too hard to find.  What do I order when I'm at a Ike's?? It's the Jaime Syrich. My personal favorite. Fried chicken sandwich. It's super good. Also the Tony soprano is really good. I don't think you can go wrong, just make sure it's in Dutch Crunch bread!!笑
Always fresh, filling sandwiches with friendly service. Locally owned and Delicious, something for  every taste.笑
Amazing sandwiches!!! They are huge portions as well. The pricing is more than usually spent on sandwiches for sure but they are worth it form time to time! A ton of options to please anyone, lots of customizable options as well. Definitely recommend the Dutch crunch bread option! Also comes with a apple caramel lollipop which is a nice touch.笑
Sandwich was slightly below average. The shops in California are 10x better. I can taste the West Coast Love that is put into every sandwich back in California, whereas in AZ, I can taste the Zona hate. The lettuce was soggy, bread wasn't well maintained (as it fell apart in my delicate hands). I am not happy with the sandwich but the service was great. Would not definitely come back here again!!!!笑
I first had an Ike's sandwich while on vacation in San Francisco after seeing them featured on a Food Network program. They became a must-visit when traveling to Northern California, as well as becoming my FAVORITE SANDWICH. 

When trying this location for the first time I was hoping that they were able to replicate the Ike's food and service I was familiar with. They hit it spot on! Everything from the diverse menu to the friendly service, they even replicated the flavor perfectly. Every sandwich is slathered in Ike's specialty sandwich spread dubbed "dirty sauce" which really makes for a unique flavor. The Dutch Crunch bread is another Ike's specialty and cannot be passed up.笑
Awesome sandwich place in downtown Tempe. I actually had been meaning to try this place in Northern California but didn't get a chance while I was there. Was super pumped to find this in Arizona. It's in a fantastic location. 

It's a little overwhelming going there for the first time because there are so many options to choose from. Ultimately, I chose the Bear sandwich after asking the worker a million questions and prioritizing my favorite sandwich fillings. The Bear was freakin amazing and I can see why people are obsessed with this place. The sandwich had jalapeño poppers, jalapeños, prime rib, garlic aioli (dirty sauce), mushrooms, Baked french fries, served on Dutch crunch bread.

We went during happy hour so we got free chips and a drink...so that was an added bonus. I definitely recommend this place--friendly and fast service, decent prices for a ton of food, and a fun atmosphere. Probably best for lunch though.笑
The best sandwiches, so many great combos. They need to stay open later though!笑
My first taste of Ike's was at a different location, but doesnt matter which one it is, it's all good. Literally, its all good, can't go wrong with a single choice thats on the menu. Every option is very unique and the portions are large enough for 2 meals. if you go during happy hour you get free chips and drink if you eat in. Other wise dont both buying the chips or drink. The seemed generic and the drinks were RC cola options. Don't let sub-par chips ruin the Ike's experience.笑
Yea, I wished there was one in VA. Meatless Mike rocked my world. On point! Husband had A Tony soprano and he was happy. Great selection.  Just awesome!!!笑
Walked in at 12:39, one person in front of me, no one at counter, 5 employees in kitchen. No one greeted me, or others that walked in after me. Customer ordered at 12:43 and order taker went back to kitchen, after saying I'll be with you. 12:47, took my order in a harried fashion. Seems that the order taker also has to distribute sandwiches. Not very ed efficient, in my mind, at least at lunch time.笑
This place is so great! The people who work there are really friendly and helpful and the food is amazing! I was looking at a menu from their San Francisco location online and found a sandwich I really wanted to try (the Love Triangle) only to realize it wasn't on the Tempe menu. But they said they could make it for me anyway! They could make anything so long as they had all the ingredients. So just an fyi their menu is a lot broader than just what's on the board and they have tons of great vegetarian, vegan, and gluten-free options! As well as regular bread and meat items. I will absolutely be going back and recommending this place to my friends!笑
Thanks to Yelp we found this gem. Great sandwiches with cool names. Fresh bread and quick service. Can't wait to go back!笑
Absolutely fantastic sandwich! I ordered the mothers day special which was entitled the Cougar. Chicken mozzarella strips Franks hot sauce and ranch dressing served on their eyes were famous Dutch crunch French bread. My son says that there are over 500 sandwiches on the menu but they only list about 50 on their displayed menu.笑
The sandwiches are great and hands down the best on Mill. As one friend said, they can make pretty much anything you can think of.

For vegans, make sure that you say "vegan" with every thing that you order, and make sure you get blowpops instead of a caramel lollipop. Most of the time they'll mess up that last part.

So far my top 3 have been the vegan meatless mike, the vegan pilgrim, and the vegan pee wee. The sandwiches are huge and come out to about 2 meals. However, because they're so wet, they don't last more than a few hours before getting too soggy.笑
OMG, this is the best gluten free sandwich I have ever had! Saw that they had GF bread and I just had to try it. Sandwiches are not normally something I get to have (celiac sucks), so when I can I love them. They had so many options - I really do recommend checking the website first and deciding what you want. It took us a long time looking at the board to choose. The space is very small - definitely better for take out (they also deliver which is nice). Our cashier was very helpful in assisting us in our sandwich choice. Turns out he was celiac too, so I was comfortable with his assurances that cross contamination with normal bread is minimal (and I didn't get sick - huge bonus!). We will definitely be back here, and often!笑
Delicious Vegan Sandwiches. Had the Handsome Owl and the Mobile Momma. We loved it! Only wish their bacon was Vegan!笑
The quality is amazing. The flavor of all the ingredients all come together perfectly. There are endless choices to pick from, and even more if you go online! The staff is wonderful and will help you pick a sandwich choice if you can't come to a conclusion. While the price is a little on the higher side, it is so worth the price!笑
Can I just copy/paste my review from the Mesa location? There's nothing really more to say than this place is amazing! Thank you so much for introducing me to this place, Chase!笑
First and foremost, the sandwiches here are great & the service is generally good.

Unfortunately, today I showed up at 10:50 to wait for them to open. There were lots of people inside, & I was waiting with a few other customers for them to open. After waiting for ten minutes in 100 degrees, we were all extremely uncomfortable & overheated. At 11:05, their door was still locked & but someone did come out to take our orders. She did not unlock the door or offer any of us water. It is now past 11:15 & nothing has changed, only there are about ten people sweating outside with us now. I just really wish that Ike's could have taken the few minutes it takes to open their doors & let us cool off while they're playing catch-up. Living in Arizona, keeping us outside is pretty inhumane, all ten of us are still out here & it's been 20 minutes since they were supposed to open.笑
As a former meat eater, this place is a godsend. I LOVE meatball subs in general, growing up in New York I am a huge critic/lover of Italian food. The meatball sub here was nothing short of amazing. I got a kind of "crunch"bread that was the right kind of chewy and very tasty. The service was great, everyone working there was friendly. I'm so glad that I found this place on yelp. It's a bit hidden, in an alley off of Mill, but the search was worth it. I'll definitely be making the trip to Tempe from Phoenix to try out the other sandwiches.笑
Favorite sandwich place ever, hands down, but it takes forever to make the sandwiches so if you're in a rush, order ahead. And there's free chips and drinks on Sunday. The Voodoo Chips are the best ;)笑
Very very good.. My sub had a great flavor to it and they were generous on the meat and toppings.. The only thing I can say is.. If you plan on getting a side of fries.. One sticker shock its $5(not worth it) but second, it's a nice size portion(not $5 worth size) but still.. Overall, cool concept and great food and atmosphere.笑
I don't understand why the Dutch crunch bread was recommended. It was like some drunken college student pulled out super stale, crumbly bread and threw random soggy ingredients on it. Not good. Especially for a $10 sandwich. Boo.笑
I came to this location for the first time. I came to the outside window to the fast pick up because we were taking the food to go to eat at a different restaurant. I ordered my food and then the guy who took my order went back to make the sandwiches. He didn't take my friends order for another 5 min which was weird because when we looked inside if it was maybe busy there was no one there but us. Then another girl came and took my friends order. We then waited, I kid you not, 25 minutes for the two sandwiches . There was no one else there but us. I kept peeking in to see what the staff was doing and they were doing nothing and on top of that there was at least 6 people back there. I was super hungry and getting to that hangry point. I even asked a few times how much longer it would be along the way. They kept saying you're up next, but up next to who, no one else was there. Eventually we got our food after a long wait. 

So some of you may be wondering why give this place 3 stars still. Well because despite the wait the food was so good as usual. I wish I could say I'll come back to this location but most likely not because it was an irritating experience.笑
I'm no food critic, but the staff was friendly and it was prob one of the best sandwich's I've ever had. They prob have a sandwhich for everyone.笑
I was looking for something different for lunch and stumbled upon this place, hidden away a little off Mill Ave. Make a plan to go here.

Huge selection of sandwiches that can cater to anyone whether carnivore or vegetarian. The sauces are original and interesting and the house bread for the sandwiches was soft with a nice crunchy crust. Small dining area so may need to eat your sandwich somewhere else.

Only downside was they messed up the order a little and i think there should have  been more meat on my sandwich. Had the Madison Bumgarner and i thought it was a little skimpy for an $11 sandwich. Would definitely try again.笑
My love of Ike's knows no bounds. It is my favorite sandwich place in the country, and I'm so happy we have another location in Arizona. I stopped in the Mill Ave store to get a quick bite before a show at Gammage. I brought my friend who was new to Ike's because I insist on spreading his sandwich gospel.

I decided to get the ASU-exclusive Kate Spade with added avocado. The Sundevil sauce is delicious, kind of a kicky ketchup/BBQ taste. Service was good too.  Our cashier helped my newbie friend navigate the menu with his recommendations. 

Pro tip- Ike's makes a great breakfast the next morning if you pop the 2nd half of your sandwich in a toaster oven for 10-15 minutes.笑
Good sandwiches. kind of expensive for a sandwich but it was pretty good. The logo looks like a young, hip mr. clean. the people that work there were nice people.笑
Ike's is our new favorite sandwich spot! The customer service is unbelievable, Marcus was helpful, patient and just plain nice to myself and my brother in law. We ordered the Paul Ruben and the Adam Richmond. Both delicious but if I had to pick my favorite between the two, it'd be the Paul Ruben. Pastrami heaven. 
Thank you for coming to Tempe, Ike's. We love you, you're beautiful, it's true. Can't wait to try something different next time, maybe the ASU Sundevil or one of the veggie choices. 
P.S. These sandwiches are huge, big enough to share or get two meals out of. I also love that they have unique sodas, like butterscotch or real cola and Voodoo flavored chips. Plus, you get a caramel apple pop with your sandwich, brilliant! I wish more companies believed in such a unique motto. Be silly, be nice and don't be afraid to be different. They have cute sayings in all the napkin holders, like "tell someone they're beautiful" and on the door "to our lovely customers.......". I live my life in this sweet, karmic sort of way and believe that even the smallest things, like these, can make someone's day. Kindness is contagious and can make or break any experience. Marcus knows what's up. 
To Ike and the staff, never change. Love, peace and silly geese.笑
Out of the ordinary sandwiches. Large menu display on the door and above the register. Great sandwich, but a bit pricy for the amount of meat included.笑
I've eaten at Ike's a few times. They have lots of different sandwiches including some vegetarian options that are very good. I've had the pirates of the Caribbean, sometimes I'm a vegetarian (the pesto is delicious) and I think it was called the little mermaid or something like that (it was just shredded chicken, orange glaze and cheese). The vegetarian ones were better. The sandwiches are a bit pricey. Be prepared to spend more than $8 for your sandwich. I'd suggest going there during happy hour so you get your drink and chips free if you want those.   I'd go more often if it was cheaper but it's close to campus and they have Zapps chips. The employees are also really friendly and helpful.笑
LOVE the vegetarian options!! It can be difficult to find interesting veggie sandwiches, but these guys really do have something for everyone. Delicious food & friendly staff. Would stay away from adding fries to your sandwich & just get a side of fries (much better value).笑
Updated review because they refunded me and dealt with the issue thoroughly. Thanks for that!

Ordered Ike's from UberEats and the order was a DISASTER. They didn't give us the drink or chips we ordered. One sandwich was supposed to be turkey and cheese only and it came with lettuce, tomato, AND onion. Another sandwich was supposed to come with the roast beef and extra cheese on the side. Apparently, "they don't do that" so they charged us for the extra cheese and didn't give it to us and the sandwich just came minus the roast beef. We paid for about $10 worth of stuff that didn't even get to us.笑
Ike's is the sandwich shop that's just a wee bit too expensive to be a daily dive. The sandwiches are great. The menu is ridiculously awesome and you will find something you like but ten bucks for a sandwich and drink makes me feel unhappy the next day talking to my friends about it.

YOU SHOULD STILL GO. The place is good but just don't plan on going too often笑
One of the best sandwiches on mill avenue.. They have all vegan meats .. And it's definitely a super good lunch笑
This place is great and has earned a spot in the office lunch rotation. There are so many different sandwich options with a number of sandwiches named after ASU and Arizona sports figures along with several SF Giants and other actors/athletes. It takes a few minutes for the food to come out, but well worth the wait. The last time I was there I ran into Ike himself who was kind enough to chat for a few minutes, take a picture, and hook me up with a free drink/chips coupon for my next visit. Which will be very soon.笑
Dutch Crunch Munch

Ikes is my favorite sandwich shops around The Valley. They really know how to make a sandwich; their Dutch Crunch bread is delicious and they really stack on meat. I have tried their Steve Nash, the Batman, and the Cain Velasquez, the Steve Nash being my favorite. The only thing I would suggest id to either split the sandwich or ask for less spread because their sandwiches can be very heavy.笑
First time here, heard good things. Was not disappointed.

Don't be discouraged by the seemingly high prices, one sandwich is easily two meals. I had the Lynda Carter; breaded eggplant with melty gouda, fresh avocado, and thousand island dressing. Topped off with lettuce, tomato, and (free) red onions. Seriously, one half of this deliciousness more than filled me up for lunch.

Lots of vegetarian options and lots of additions/substitutions. Bright and friendly establishment with helpful staff. A must-try for the Tempe sandwich-eater.笑
Awesome to visit a place that doesn't just slap a wet roasted red pepper between to slices of bread and call it a day on their vegetarian menu development. Veg and vegan options are all superb and surprisingly filling.笑
ok. so they are doing somethings right i guess. they are friendly, the place is clean. they have a pretty creative, extensive menu. that said i wasn't impressed enough to ever go back. i went there because i was walking my dog and wanted to stop for lunch they had outdoor seating so i thought i'd give it a shot. they are very chintsy (if that's even a word lol) with their dressings. my sandwich was mostly bread. i had the Count of Monte Chase-O sandwich which features ham, turkey, swiss cheese and strawberry preserves. unique huh? you couldn't tell, like i said, i tasted only the bread. if they would be even a little more generous with the lettuce, onions, meats and condiments. i like a sandwich that is as much on my face as it is in my mouth. this wasn't it. nothing fell out of this sandwich!笑
Best sandwiches ever. I also appreciate the feel of the place. I got the "Sometimes I'm a Vegetarian" and OMG amazing. My husband got the "Matt Cain" and loved it. If this was closer to me (I live about 3 hours away) I'd be here all the time. Reasonable prices too.笑
This sandwich shop is beyond eccentric and also...delicious. I came here on a short lunch break from asu, and while there is plenty of seating outside, only a few tables indoors. The sandwich menu is crazy, and I love the references to pop culture. I can't get enough of this place. Those chips? Amazing!!!笑
I only discovered Ike's recently on Mill Ave and so far it's been a great spot for sandwiches. The location is somewhat hidden away behind the Bank of America ATM but I did a see a sign on Mill Ave to direct people there. I would have to agree with other people in that the sandwiches here are delicious! I'm not sure if I would consider them to be the best but they're definitely up there. So far I had the Menage A Trois and Steve Nash and they have been phenomenal. Somehow I'm not able to stray away from the Halal chicken just yet but the other sandwiches sound really good as well so I'll definitely have to give them a try sometime.

While I really enjoyed the sandwiches here and would give them an easy 5 star rating there are some minor issues about the restaurant. I just wish that the seating area was bigger and the tables that are used are just too small. In any case I will still come back here as the sandwiches are really good. Definitely one of the best spots on Mill Ave by far.笑
Employees here are stoned but not as much as Cheba Hut's.. With that said, customer service is good, besides workers moving slow..
I got the Madison Bumgarner... Let me first say, Jake Arrieta is better at EVERYTHING compared to Bumgarner, except for getting a sandwich named after himself.. It is one of the best sandwiches in the valley... a must try.笑
They have the most amazing gluten free sandwiches ever - on bread that doesn't taste like sand.  The staff is also very friendly.  I'll be back.笑
This is not your typical sandwich joint.  These sandwiches are in a league of their own.  I ate the Matt Cain and it was fantastic!!! I really loved the bread they recommended.笑
Well, if your here for a great sammie, this is the place to be.  I heard about this place a while back in mesa, then found out it opened in Tempe. Before the ASU/UCLA game (GO DEVILS!!!!!) I was in the mood for a gut busting dinner before I cheer on my Devils. I've been working out and eating really well for about 3 weeks before this and decided to break that cycle for a splurge with the "Adam Richman". WOW! Was that a great sammie. Fried chicken, ham, avocado, honey, pesto and all the add ons available. Who can possibly go wrong with that. The house bread also was amazing. Highly recommend. It's. Little messy, but worth it for every single bite. The staff was helpful and nice as well. I recommend this place and will definitely be back for some other crazy choices.笑
How have I never heard of this place before? I ordered this via Postmates because the descriptions of the sandwiches looked good. I am a vegetarian and I got a breakfast sandwich with the veggie bacon on it. WOW. This is the best sandwich I've eaten in a very long time! Excited to visit this place in person sometime!笑
Does Tempe really need another sandwich shop? Well if that sandwich shop is Ike's then yes, yes they do.

Seriously good sandwiches. And one of the largest menu selections I've ever seen.

They have GF bread which is actually pretty good, if a little too large. They're good about CC as I've never been sick after eating here (or the one in Mesa).

Pro Tip: they have a happy hour from 4 - 7 which includes chips and a drink at no extra cost. Plus it's just fun to hear them shout "HAPPY HOUR!"笑
Hated to give Ike's only 3 stars, but most times I go there they are out of their amazing Dutch Crunch bread. The other sandwich ingredients are great but so disappointing when you drive all the way there from N. Scottsdale and the bread is gone again. Time to move on and try some of the other local sandwich shops.笑
I use them all the time for my company meetings and everyone always loves the selections and quality of the sandwiches.  They are super friendly and helpful.笑
Heard great things about this sandwich shop from the bay area so I had to try it.

The important thing was the bread, That bread, all baked fresh by Ike's, is superb. The "world-famous" Dutch crunch is more chew than crunch, the first half of the Dutch Crunch was good but began to be too much,  Other bread options are French, sourdough, whole wheat and gluten-free.Will try the sourdough next time.

The menu is huge and the worker helped decide what to order and recommend.

The Tempe location is small with about 6 tables but the kitchen is massive, it took a little longer than expected to make the sandwiches.

I ordered the Cain Velasquez,which had bacon pastrami and swiss, the meat was generous and the sandwich was loaded. I could only eat half the sandwich. 

I will definitely come back again but try the other breads.笑
I was impressed with the selection they had. I am not the biggest sandwich fan, however this meal was delicious. They even had a delicious gluten free  bread. I'd recommend this sandwich shop to friends and family.笑
I was pleasantly surprised to see that the line wasn't out the door and around the corner, unlike the original Ike's location that I've frequented for the last ten years in San Francisco. I also loved that they've kept the menu consistent with the SF location, which made me a little homesick in a good way.

The service was friendly and quick, however, I had gotten my sandwich to-go and didn't open it until I got back to the office. I was heartbroken to see they had forgotten to put the BBQ sauce on my Menage A Trois :( Our office was 15min away so I couldn't go back to correct it. The sandwich was unfortunately pretty bland without that BBQ punch I had been anticipating.笑
I went on a search for a deli that had Dutch Crunch bread and failed about 2 years ago.  I recently went to Monterey and went to Ike's out there and it was so good, I was telling everyone about the Dutch Crunch that they were missing out on in Arizona.  One person did a search and thankfully found that Ike's opened up in AZ!  So naturally I had to take a peek for myself.  The sandwich was by far the best deli sandwich I've had in Arizona, AND they actually have Dutch Crunch bread!  The bread was a bit different from Northern California Dutch Crunch, but it was close enough for me.  The ingredients they use are also way better than what most delis use.  It's a bit pricey but totally worth it!笑
Really great sandwiches! 
The menu is huge!  A tad overwhelming, I would say look at the menu online first. But be prepared for a tasty treat.笑
Absolutely delicious, and unique subs at Ike's. I've been exploring their menu and absolutely haven't had a bad experience. Current favorites are the Pirates of the Caribbean, and Sometimes I'm A Vegetarian. So many choices.笑
It's a part of my job to pick up incentives for ASU so one of the incentives I had to pick up was from here. Then I saw the menu. and OMG IT'S HUGE. Upon seeing it I decided to come back the next day when I got paid. I got the Love Triangle and it was delicious. The staff was really friendly but it took almost twenty minutes to get my sandwich. So that's one draw back since I was the only one there. I say if you eat here take it to go because the dining room is really small. People are saying it's expensive but I think it's worth it for the giant sandwich you get. Almost every sandwich could be made vegetarian if you want too. Good Options and Good food. I will definitely be back. Probably not on lunch break though, it's too far to walk in the arizona sun XD笑
They would not accept my student insider coupon through the phone. Expensive for college students! Sandwiches are ok.笑
Love their Dutch crunch bread. Sandwiches are a bit fatty so some ppl should ask for less sauce on theirs. Love the variety as well笑
I've been wanting to try this place for a long time and finally made it here today. I appreciated the variety of vegetarian choices and it was hard to choose. I asked the cashier and she told me the popular one is "sometimes I'm a vegetarian" but I ordered Pirates of the Caribbean instead, which included vegan chicken, orange glaze and pepper jack cheese. I like it, but it would've been better if it was spicier. I like that they have sourdough bread as an option, and unfortunately I didn't notice their 1/2 sandwich special until after I ordered, so I'll have to come back to get that or come to their happy hour 4-7pm everyday and all day Sunday. Pretty cool place and there's something for everyone. The staff was nice as well. Good location in the brickyard at ASU and hope they continue doing well. Ps they have halal chicken and the only pork they serve is their bacon. Even the ham is made from turkey.笑
$16-$20 for a combo. Not worth it at all. Spend that money doing something productive like buying groceries and then making sandwiches yourself instead of giving this place an arm and a leg.笑
This is a nice little place at Brickyard which you should definitely try. They have a variety of options for vegetarians as well, wasn't disappointed with the taste either. A bit pricey though.笑
First time here and words can't express how happy my stomach is. So flavorful and tasty. Got the Madison Bumgarner and Barry Bonds. The MadBum honey is strong but agrees with the BBQ wonderfully. Barry Bonds is simple and satisfying. Love to see the taste of Northern California here in AZ. Will be back much more! Go Giants!笑
A little "hole in the wall" that can be difficult to find as it is not facing Mill Ave.  Since it was my first time I was a bit overwhelmed with the choices.  One of the employees came out to chat with me and explain everything, which was a pretty big help.

I got a sandwich - I can't tell you what sandwich it was, but it was good.  Like really good.

Looking for a quick lunch, that is a little different and is tasty?  Ike's is a great place to go.笑
Thanks to Yelp, we tried Ike's today and was not disappointed.  Not only was the staff incredibly helpful but they suggested great sandwiches! The sandwiches were huge and the voodoo chips were so yummy (never had a flavored chip that good before). Had we known how big the sandwiches were, we would not have ordered fries and onion rings....though they were fantastic! Make sure to get their crunch bread, it was fantastic and different from anything I have ever had! This is now our favorite sandwich stop and we can't wait to go again.  On a side note, we met Ike and he was very charming.  He took the time to talk with us and even let us snap a picture! So nice to meet the man behind the food and see how genuine he is. Fingers crossed for an Ike's in Gilbert next!笑
Amazing. Best sandwiches in Tempe, probably the valley. They're super duper great when it comes to Gluten Free, they take extra precautions to make it not cross contaminated, which is amazing when you're defective like me! Plus the service is alway A+. It is a little pricey, but it's totally worth it.笑
Tried a new sandwich with good results - it was the Lynda Carter. I got the french dressing on the side. This one had baked breaded eggplant, avocado and gouda cheese with lettuce, onions and dirty sauce. All the flavors melded great and this sandwich was slightly healthier since it was not deep fried. It was about 10 bucks, but worthy of the price for once.笑
probably my new favorite sandwich resturant, I tried one sandwich only so far. Lol 
Try it out, menu also have halal meat!笑
This place is so good! The meatless mike is off the chain. Make sure you get the XXX rabbit笑
4.5 stars if I could, Ike's is an awesome sandwich chain and this location is great as well. My favorite from a novelty perspective is the Matt Cain (#18) -- the halal chicken, avocados, bacon, and sesame dressing really come together well inside their "dutch crunch" bread. Service was fast and friendly, and Marko at the register was super personable and helpful to everyone. Would highly recommend this place!笑
Really really good. I got the pesto chicken sandwich protein style and it was delicious. Lots of lettuce and the sandwich was huge. They literally make any sandwich under the sun. You'll definitely find something you like here. It's a little hard to find and off the road, under some staircases, but it's a nice gem that you'll find yourself coming back to again and again!笑
Work some what in the area and it was my 1st time I had a sammy from this location and it was good. Adam Richman on Dutch crunch... Good size sandwich and taste was on point. Ikes has yet to let me down. Make sure to check their menu at all locations. Just because it's not on the board.. doesn't mean it can't happen笑
Tucked away a little off Mill, this is one of the only Ike's that serves breakfast and let's not forget they have a dessert sandwiches too! With tons of vegetarian and vegan options (they have fried chicken as well if that is more your type of thing) there is a sandwich here to please any and everyone. The sandwiches are huge! Any of the ones priced over $12.00 are intended to be shared or can easily feed one very hungry person. (BTW: French is my bread of choice and don't forget the dirty sauce.) Also, they have a rotating sandwich of the week since Ike's has over 500+ options between all of their locations. Do your hungry tummy a favor and stop here soon.笑
very excited to find this place. A ton of options, I had to ask the cashier his favorite. He was helpful and mentioned two. One on the menu and one off. I went with the Paul Rueben. It was awesome. A ton of food. I would give this place 5 stars if the price was not so high. Little room to sit inside, but very casual and friendly.笑
Dear lord I have met the love of my life...haha I honestly tried this place for the first time today and I can already tell it's going to be one of my favorites! I'm what u call week day vegetarian and I love that I can get pro veggie sandwiches that are DELICIOUS! Try the jeremey it's soooooo good!笑
I thought I stumbled caloric heaven when I realized an Ikes was in Tempe during my brief visit. I went to the one in San Francisco and this dished out equally awesome food. I had the Thanksgiving turkey sandwich and tomorrow I will be back. Super fresh and flavorful.  Prices are very fair for the quality and ample size.  

Few places match Ikes in terms of sandwiches and its way better than the mainstream chains.  Find it if your in town and loosen the belt buckles.笑
Just amazing sandwich and names that make no sense but that is the genius part hahaha trying to figure them out. Cool music too even my 3 year old was singing along to Naughty by Nature lol笑
Holy sh*t was that a great sandwich. I ordered the Barry Bonds on French bread. So good, plus you get caramel apple suckered! I will definitely be back.笑
Ike's is a fun little sandwich chain in the west.   I was hoping it wasn't a franchise, but it is.  It didn't really change the deliciousness level of the sandwiches, but the price was significantly higher than what I'm used to paying for a sandwich.   Most sandwiches are over $10.  Either way, this place has over 600 options to choose from, funny sandwich names, and a chill college atmosphere.      Pro tip: check in on Yelp and get your free bag of chips!笑
Great flavor, soooo many (almost too many) options & variations of sandwiches that it can be overwhelming, BUT definitely a must try/have.笑
I will not even try to explain the mess that this place is in great detail, and know it was hands down the worst overall experience I have ever had at any food establishment. I will never return.

**I was asked to edit this because of lack of detail. The lady served me a pickle sandwich because she said she could not find the buttons for the five other ingredients that it contained. She said she did not want to bother me with this issue, so just sent me on my way with the pickle sandwich. She offered to remake it when I came back, and the new sandwich was just brown soggy wet veggies with about a cup of hot sauce thrown on it.笑
Found on yelp leaving back to California! Was great food I got the SunDevil and it was great! They have lots to chose from!笑
Being a huge Golden State Warriors fan, I have read tweets about this place because both Harrison Barnes and Stephen Curry have had sandwiches named after themselves. I was super stoked to find out that there was one of these in town.

I had the MILF, which I can only assume that the derivative of its name came from its equal desirability to its predecessor. FREAKING AMAZING buffalo chicken, ranch, amazing jalapeño poppers all stuffed in the most amazing bread ever called the Dutch Crunch or something like that. The bread alone is incredible and is nice and crunchy yet pretty much melts in your mouth. 

I can't wait to get back there and try something else!笑
I had absolutely been craving Ike's for days, and had been wanting to introduce my boyfriend to it as well. When I had finally found myself in the area (as this location is the most convenient for me) I stopped in to place a to go order.

I'm currently sitting here writing this and I will say that the service has been good, and the staff member who helped me was very nice and apologetic, but I was heartbroken to not only find they were out of the Dutch crunch bread, but also the jalapeño poppers. Two popular items on the menu. Both of which I was looking forward to enjoying this evening. 

I'm sure the sandwiches will be fine, but it doesn't feel the same.笑
My first time in here and the cashier was so nice to help me out and pick what I wanted . I was debating between the MILF or the ménage e trois  and he said those were the 2nd and most popular menu items. But I choose to go with the ménage e trois with all the fixings and told him to hook it up with everything.  Literally the biggest sandwich ever and it was so good ! I had 2 of my coworkers take a bite and they were blown away too.  Totally obsessed and will be back !笑
Jaymee sirewich on dutch crunch.  Like fried chicken??  like tasty goodness?  get this bad boy and enjoy!

Then try all their other sandwiches.  I also recommend the Menage a trois!  on dutch crunch, of course!

I actually haven't had a bad sandwich from this place yet and I've tasted at least 3 or 4 others.  This is probably one of my favorite sandwich places here in AZ right now.   First time I had them was in SF and I'm so glad they built two here!笑
Great service, great selection, great sandwiches! Had the Papa Sam, and my son enjoyed the Kevin Bacon. Liked their signature bread, fresh ingredients, and friendly staff. Will be back next time I'm in the area.笑
Great sandwiches, however they do seem slightly pricey to me. The location is a little ducked off but its a hidden gem. However there does always seem to be a little bit of a wait, but it is worth it.笑
Today was my husbands and I first time in tempe and we decided to try IKES needless to say we were truly amazed all around the young lady at the cash register provided exceptional customer service and the food alone was fantastic very friendly staff and I would certainly go there again!笑
I usually don't like sandwiches. I also do not like things that are priced higher than they need to be. But some how Ike's manages to overcome my biases and eek out a good scoring review.

The main reason I am a "fan" is due to the large vegetarian options and are more than a salad on bread or cheese on bread sandwich. I also apreicate having a unique dutch bread option and the free candy apple lolly at the end.

I have tried two subs, the first was the vegetarian meatball sub. It had fake meat some kind of creamy sauce and lettuce, it worked, for $10 I then had to go back to work.

I also tried the pilgrim which had tofurkey and cranberry sauce. Again the mix of flavors and textures worked.

They have some impressive sounding sides, but due to the prices they do not seem to get ordered much.笑
I have decided to write this review because it is too good....to be....one of those guys on the menu; if you're sports fan that is.So a little interesting sandwich shop located on the backside of the building.  We were wondering around until we see the sign...which is still rather small and rear and you'd probably miss it.  
Food=    Good taste
Wait=     Not too good, it's too long, but the wait is worth it!!
Price=    Tricky due to it ain't cheap to begin, and yet, you don't think twice cause it's just too   good to have.  
The sandwich is one of those NYers style where the ingredient is all there; nothing like the subways.  The kitchen is very transparent as you see the whole process from the side of the restaurant.  The menu can be confusing as you just have to go through one by one to know what the heck you're getting yourself into...a treat, or a hella good treat that is...

Onion ring is pretty weird...good taste for the first few bites then it gets kinda saggy and not interesting.  But definitely not the one they serve from fastfood chains.  Final verdict....get yourself extra cash, because good food sometimes ain't cheap, and get some different ones to try it out with Ike's.笑
Best sandwich in town!  Great for leftovers - they are huge!  *DUTCH CRUNCH!!!!*笑
The hype is real! Fantastic service (long haired dude was full of positive energy!), and the Elvis Kieth is insanely good. 5 easy stars!!笑
Delicious sandwiches! Love the vegetarian options!! Homemade bread is amazing too! Friendly staff, quick service.笑
This has been my go-to place for a quick, tasty lunch. The food is good, and the service is friendly. Sadly, they have recently eliminated their lunch specials, effectively doubling the price of a meal. In doing so, they've priced themselves out of reach of their primary market: ASU students.笑
Their subs are the best, I wish they sold their Dutch bread l, I would buy the lot. It is crispy but sweet, and the options for subs range over 200 combinations! Each store is unique, try it out!笑
This place is amazing! The gluten free bread is the best I have ever had. Soft, moist, and the perfect texture! They really have it down and their food all just tastes so good. Customer service was also great. I am very pleased.笑
EVERYONE loves Ike's. It's amazing. I definitely recommend going with someone and splitting a sandwich since they can get slightly pricey, but these sandwiches are HUGE. I always get two meals out of it if I don't split with anyone.笑
We are absolutely OBSESSED with this place. It's honestly one of the best sandwich places I have ever been to. The quality and combination of their ingredients make it simply amazing!笑
I had the M.I.L.F and it was the shit!! I split it with my lunch date for half of his Menage-A-Trois which was even better! If you haven't checked this sammy place out yet you need to!! They have over 100 different sandwiches, a kids menu, huge vegetarian selection and breakfast sandwiches! They bake the bread to order and add this sauce that is delicious the whole vibe just rocks;I have found a new sammich heaven!!!笑
I was surprised that I hadn't written a review for this place.  I've been here at least a dozen times in the last year or so.

It's a great place, friendly staff, easy parking, convenient location, free refills on sodas.  I've really only had the Barry B which is a turkey/swiss/bacon sandwich because I ordered it the first time I came in and never changed.  

Their menu selection is just huge with lots of unique sandwiches.  Get the Dutch crunch bread with the crunchy, buttery top.  I think it's probably the best sandwich bread I've ever had.  Expect to pay about $10-$15 for a sandwich, chips and a drink.

Forgot to add:  I went in recently for their breakfast sandwiches.  Try The Hangover.  Eggs, your choice of meat, cheese, tater tots, and a really spicy hot sauce.笑
Best sandwich place I have had in Arizona so far. Ordered #333 Stephan Jenkins (turkey, cheese, pesto) on whole wheat. Also got a side of fries because I didn't expect the sandwich to be humongous. 

I could not fit my mouth around it... I almost regretted getting the fries. Nonetheless, it was very delicious and I am going to come back soon and try new things.笑
I sat on this review overnight, and the more I think about it, the more I am bummed out about my visit last night.  

I had heard mostly good things of this place, and had wanted to try it out for quite some time. The main draw was the Dutch crunch bread.  You never see that type of bread outside of Northern CA for the most part.  My buddy Sean has a joint up in South San Francisco (Darby Dan's) that he took me to a couple of times, and I fell in love with the Dutch crunch bread.  Not sure why its not used more often!  Anyways.... My friends from Northern CA always hyped Ike's and you would swear that it was the greatest sandwich of all time.  Um, about that........

I drove down to Tempe (Was going to a concert at Yucca Tap Room later that night) and decided to stop into Ike's.  I was kind of unfamiliar with the area, so I drove around the block once and finally found parking (underground garage, $1.00 for each 20 minutes).  I walked upstairs from the garage and the entrance to Ike's was right there.  I walked in and right away, I noticed a familiar face.  It was Ike himself!  He was chatting it up with a guy for a good 5 minutes.  

I stood there and looked at the menu for a bit.  It's a tad overwhelming!  The cashier was friendly enough and pointed me to a list on the wall of their "Top 10 sandwiches".  My buddy had told me to get the Menage a Trois (Halal bbq chicken type sandwich), but I wasn't in the mood for shredded chicken.  I finally decided on the "Pat Tillman" on Dutch crunch bread.  I placed my order, got a cup for water, and sat down.  It took awhile for my sandwich to come out.  Once it did arrive, here is how it was...............

The Pat Tillman-  This sandwich consisted of roast beef, sauteed mushrooms and mozzarella sticks.  Sounded pretty damn good, and I figured that for my first time here, go with an Arizona original (RIP Pat Tillman!).  I added lettuce and tomato to the sandwich but skipped any kind of "sauce" (I had seen pictures of their sandwiches and they are drenched in sauce...I knew I wouldn't like it with that much goop on it, so I got it without).  I unwrapped my sandwich and the first thing I noticed was that it was a tad skimp.  It may have been 10 inches long, but it was not "fat".  For $10.80 after tax, I wanted something a little bit larger.  I took a bite and it tasted alright.  The Dutch crunch bread was fantastic.  That was by far and away the best part of the sandwich!  Crispy and crunchy on top, soft in the middle.  Really great bread!  The inner guts of the sandwich were skimp though!  It had maybe 4 ounces of roast beef, 3 mozzarella sticks, and a tiny amount of mushrooms.  The lettuce and tomato filled it up a little bit, but they key ingredients were definitely lacking!  Totally not worth almost $11.00!  I wasn't even that hungry and I finished the sandwich with ease.  After I was done, I was on my way.  About that...............

One of the reasons that I was not that impressed was the lack of caring.  The cashier was friendly enough, but was still kind of monotone and not too upbeat.  Seemed like he was just going through the motions.  It also kind of turned me off that Ike didn't say anything to anybody in the place.  He was sitting at a table on his laptop doing some work, but still....he could have stood up and walked over to the 4 of us eating in the restaurant and asked how our sandwich was, or at least said hello, or thank you for coming in or "hope to see you soon" or whatever.  When I was done with my sandwich, I walked up to the cashier to throw away my wrapper, walked right past Ike, and made it to the door without either one of them saying anything.  I know that may seem trivial to some, and it may sound like I'm complaining over some petty shit, but it still would have made my experience way better if I felt "valued".  Hell...they are probably printing money at this joint, and don't have to do a damn thing to retain customers (Thank you Arizona State and young college students!), but I sure do like to go to businesses that actually care that you are there.  

I don't think I am ever coming back.  It's too far away from my house, the sandwich was decent, but not "good", and the price of it was way too high for what you get!  I'm glad I tried it, but even if I lived close by, I couldn't justify returning because of the price and lack of main ingredients. Not bad enough for a 1 star review, but definitely a 2 star "Meh, I've experienced better".  Much, much better.........笑
C'mon guys, admit these sandwiches are laced with pure crack and bath salts. I won't tell. Srsly, I don't even live in Phoenix but if I go there for work I make a point to stop. Gluten free bread is fabulous. People are nice. What else do you want, a free bike?笑
Hands down, the best sandwich shop in Tempe. The dutch crunch bread is UHHMAZING. There are more than 500 different options on the menu, but for your convenience, they have their few best listed on a menu board. The chicken in their sandwiches are halal and there are tons of vegetarian options. I had the privilege of meeting Ike himself and he was such a boss haha! Amazing guy and so down to earth. I don't know if I've ever seen the owner himself work in the kitchen before. The happy hour from 4-7 pm gives you free chips and a drink with your sandwich. 

My favorite sandwiches are MILF, menange a trois, Phil Mickleson, and the Reuben. So so so good.笑
The sandwiches at this place are incredible ... I mean incredible. Not only are they unique with a huge selection to choose from, but they all seem to be equally amazing. They have a gigantic selection of vegetarian sandwiches, including a veggie meatball sandwich that is too-big-to-eat yet somehow you find yourself not able to stop. Their version of a turkey rueben is solid as well. And the dutch crunch bread is worth whatever calories are in it and more - and this is about the only place in AZ where I've seen this bread. I would highly recommend Ike's. It's hard to find in the back of the Brickyard on Mill, but don't let that stop you.笑
Glad to see Ike's doing well. Had the Madison Bumgarner on the Dutch Crunch bread. It was good.笑
Great place...HUGE menu....maybe read it online before you stroll in...or you will stand there like it's 1995 and you are trying to figure out what movie to rent from Blockbuster. 

All our sandwiches were great. Fries were good, nothing special to me. 

Got really busy towards lunch time, very limited seating. Not a bad thing though! Place is booming.笑
We had gone to Mill Avenue and were walking around when we saw a couple of people from Ike's who were serving sample sandwich bites. My boyfriend & I each got one & thought they were absolutely delicious so we decided to go in for lunch. Ike himself was there! He was really nice and talked to us for quite a while.

After a look over the menu, we got the Sometimes I'm a Vegetarian sandwich. It had grilled mushrooms, artichokes, cheese, and pesto. The sandwich was massive, and even though we shared it, both of us were full. My only complaint was that I don't typically care for artichokes but it was a little bit annoying that they had put whole pieces of them in the sandwich. The best part was definitely the pesto sauce and their house bread! It was fantastic.

I had sampled another sandwich called the Menage A Trois. It was also really tasty, and I'd definitely recommend that if you're looking for something that isn't vegetarian. Although I'm not vegetarian, I really liked the Sometimes I'm a Vegetarian sandwich & thought the name was really clever for that very reason.

Ike's is a bit on the expensive side, however, it's great sandwich place if you're on Milll Ave! I'd recommend splitting a sandwich with someone if you go. I'll definitely be back!笑
The sandwiches are big and good, but Ike's Tempe is too pricey for a sandwich shop in this college town.

Many of their veg/vegan sandwiches lack a proper protein source, so by the time you've added one of their meatless proteins, a $10 sandwich can be $14.

The variety of meatless protein options (lots of fake meats) is great, though, and the Dutch crunch can be very good.笑
Ike's is amazing! Even though they have TONS of different sandwich combinations, I usually go with either the Reggie Jackson or Tony Soprano on Dutch Crunch bread. The sandwiches are huge and will fill you up. The sitting area is unique and has a cool vibe.

I can't say enough good things about Ike's!笑
I recently decided to check this place out for a Sunday bite after seeing all of the other fantastic Yelp reviews. Upon first entering its a little overwhelming with the number of sandwich combinations but I loved the chill and fun vibes.

I opted for the Lynda Carter sandwich but decided to add tomatoes and switch the French dressing out for dirty sauce. I figure anything called dirty sauce had to taste good.

The sandwich overall was delicious. I loved the crunch of the eggplant and of course I was right with the dirty sauce being absolutely magical. The serving size is huge too. I wasn't even able to eat the whole thing. Now I just wish I had one of these near me!笑
Maybe I visited on an off night? My Dutch Crunch bread had the right texture, maybe a little flat but nothing to complain about. The taste however...unsalted slightly stale plain crackers. I had the Bella because of some good reviews, but the chicken was a texture less tasteless pile of mush. Well it did have one taste. That kind of gamey chicken taste - just a touch. I probably wouldn't have noticed it if the sandwich had had *any* other flavor to it. Ate half - threw the other half. Just wasn't worth eating. 

I also had the onion rings. Breading was fine, but again not much flavor and no salt. They were also slightly burnt (black spots) on the outside.

Normally with a food review like that I'd give 2 stars (I reserve 1 star for food poisoning), but the place was clean, I like the format, the menu is impressive, and I'll probably try it again since all these reviews can't be wrong...can they??笑
Good stuff!! I have been to the one in Az and San Fran. My preference is the Matt Cain on Dutch.. This location is a lot bigger and you can actually eat inside. The sandwich board is huge but it's good stuff. I will say the Dutch tastes better in San Fran.笑
My sandwich was sooo good but the guy there creeped me out so much idk if I can ever go back笑
Not the most visible spot on Mill Ave but definitely worth the extra 30 yard walk off the main strip. First time here but I haven't had a sandwich this food in a long time! Their dirty sauce is awesome and there a ton of sandwich options. I will be back for more!!!! 

*Not a lot of seating in the store itself so plan on taking it to go during the lunch hour or eating in the shade outside.笑
Resturant layout is awkward, prices are high, service is slow, and the sandwiches are okay at best. Firehouse or Potbelly are a much better choices.笑
Food Poisoning Central!  I never get sick anywhere...my stomach is an iron trap.  But Ikes got me good with the halal chicken.  Something didnt taste quite right but it was my first time there so I just went with it.  After eating half a sandwich, I immediately  felt full...waaayyy too full.

Six hours later, I experienced the worst night of my life.  The next day wasn't so great either.
Needless to say I will NEVER eat Ike's Love sandwiches again. I wish I knew where else to report this.笑
These sandwiches are SO GOOD.  They are huge and savory and filling.  It is difficult to stop at eating "just half," for your tastebuds and tummy want the whole darn thing.  I ordered the Meatless Mike sandwich (vegan meatballs) and wow, those meatballs tasted better than "real" meatballs.  The bread was also great: fresh, soft where it had to be soft and just enough resistance in places to make you work for your food.  I also really liked the marinara sauce which is actually making my mouth water RIGHT NOW.  Some people may quibble about the slightly higher-than-expected sandwich prices (mine was $9.99 for something akin to a Subway footlong), but the quality of the ingredients, bread, and fantastic customer service are all worth the extra money.  You also get a caramel apple lollipop with your sandwich, which is da (sugar) bomb.  ;)  Check out Ike's for some serious sandwich magic.笑
Barry Bond and KC BBQ sandwiches were delicious.  Kiddo really enjoyed Chester the Cheetah sandwich as well.  Beer battered onion rings were phenom.  We'll be back!!笑
One of the only gluten free friendly sandwich shops it seems.  Any sandwich can be made gf unless u want onion rings in there (batter is wheat).  This place is clean super busy always but very good.  Pretty cool sandwich shop everyone is nice.笑
I would come back to Ike's because my sandwich was quite tasty. I was expecting the roast beef to be cold but it must be because I'm from the East Coast. But no matter, it was still very tasty.  I ordered int on their signature bread, which was delicious.  My only wish was that my sandwich be a little bigger for what I paid.  Service was good. Place was clean. I would go back while in the Tempe area.笑
I used to frequent Ike's weekly. I order the same thing - the lunch special - half sandwich ( BBonds ) I believe. I always ask for Cheddar instead of Swiss and get it; except yesterday. I was told by the clerk that Ike himself said NO cheese substitutions on the half sandwiches.....really?
You lost a sale and a regular customer.笑
Hello yummsville! This is a chain from San Fran, but it's a great lunch spot! So many different sandwich options with funny famous San Fran names, such as the Barry Bonds (my favorite)!

Definitely add the smoked Gouda to any sandwich! So good! It takes a long time to read the menu and make choices, and it's not super fast in terms of service - but definitely worth the wait!笑
I went tonight for the first time and it just so happened to be this location's one year anniversary. To celebrate, they gave away free subs with a check in (score!). Due to this, there was a pretty crazy line, but it was well worth the wait.

The staff was really nice! They were patient with questions and even rewrapped subs when we didn't finish. The man himself Ike was there and he was so friendly! Even though busy, he chatted with us for a bit, telling us his favorites.

Drawn to the uniqueness, I got the Bear Hug. It was so yummy! Just the right amount of spice and creaminess. I would definitely recommend it, but with so many options, you can't go wrong!

Parking is always a drag on Mill, but there is also a location nearby in Mesa for those wanting to avoid this.笑
Not sure if my waistline is thrilled but I personally am stoked that Ike's is slowly getting closer to me (next stop, Scottsdale!?). 

I stand by my statement that I had the best sandwich I've ever eaten here. It's hidden on Mill and located right behind the wine bar and *ahem*, they have a great happy hour!

Here's how the experience works. This is a casual sandwich eatery where you can come in solo, order and take it to go, or dine in with a couple friends. Anything goes at Ike's. Now, when you walk in, you'll immediately be overwhelmed by a board listing off a variety of every sandwich combo imaginable and it's not your run of the mill sandwich combo. No way. It's a combo of everything good in life that's put in between two slices of bread and served either hot or cold, depending on your sandwich. I suggest looking at Yelp reviews, pictures and the menu before you arrive to avoid major menu anxiety like I experienced. Also, note that every sandwich has a hilariously funky name so you might get lost in translation just simply reading the names!

Once you've made your sandwich selection, you'll order at the counter from one of the incredibly friendly staff and they are truly genuinely friendly! It was such a breath of fresh air to experience a sandwich at Ike's. The decor is just as fun and funky as the staff and sandwich choices and be sure to look on your napkin holder because it will tell you something pretty about you!

Now on to the best part, the sandwich. I don't even know where to begin. First, they serve this special bread that typically can only be found in N. Cal and it's amazing. Cheese is baked into the bread. I tried the Bella which is their most popular and I'm not surprised. It's a combo of chicken that has been slow-cooked for several hours and then tossed in this delicious honey mustard. Then they top it with cheese, avocado and this special mayo spread. I suggest adding some hot sauce to it. It's served hot and it is large and in charge, so unless you're ready for a last supper meal you will probably have some left-overs or your might want to share. It's worth every single calorie consumed and then some.笑
Giving this a 4...but...the reason I stopped in was for their world famous Dutch crunch bread.  I've only had it one other place (Palm Springs), so I was very excited.  However...at noon-ish on a Monday, after I ordered, I was informed they were out of the bread.  How does that happen?!  So moving on...I got the Reggie Jackson...it was awesome!  Even on plain old wheat bread.  Full disclosure:  they did give me a coupon for my next stop in because of the bread situation.  Overall, huge menu selection, friendly service...just get the bread in!!!笑
Cain Velasquez on sourdough - Now that's what I'm talkin about! It's the real deal pastrami sandwich with bacon, swiss and Ike's special garlic aioli sauce. These sammy's are not for wimps! It's for foodies like myself who appreciate food, all kinds of food...and lots of it. I ordered my Cain Velasquez with avocado - cause I'm from Cali and that's just how we roll; don't sleep on these sandwiches folks; they're pretty amazing! I was in Heaven because they sell Zapp's potato chips, Key Lime and Cream Soda. Took me back to all those vacations in Nawlins when I'd pig out on catfish & shrimp po-boys and Zapp's. Made me feel right at home. 

Not sure how I paid $18 for a Sammy & some chips...but the sandwiches must be made with crack...so, I'll be back tomorrow for the Menage A Trois (BBQ Sauce, Cheddar, Halal Chicken, Honey Mustard, Pepper Jack, Real Honey, Swiss) or Adam Richman (Avocado, Fried Chicken, Ham, Pesto, Real Honey, Swiss).

These are some of the best sandwiches ever! I just wish we had Ike's in San Diego:(笑
Not only is the food AMAZING!!! But the staff is also unbelievable helpful, friendly, and hilarious. Marco and Chase are too funny and are so absolutely dedicated to the success and reputation of their store...and I can see why! In my opinion, better than silver mines, pita pit, and jimmy johns that are all located on mill. I suggest the sourdough bread myself but I think it's safe to say that if you order anything, you're going to like it. Go Ike's!!!!