Honestly this is some of the best pizza I've had in a long time.  They don't skimp out on the sauce or the toppings and the pizza was flavorful.  I had the Hawaiian Pizza.  This pizza was better than your typical pizza.  I ordered the dough brownie was delicious and very sweet.  I'm definitely going to order from here again.Ǿ
Best pizza in town! Walked in and ordered a large pizza to go, had a beer while we waited and every one was very friendly and the pizza was delicious! Next time we will dine in. Great job!!Ǿ
Absolutely love having a Rosati's so close by. The staff is always friendly and the food is excellent. I had a party here a few weeks ago and completely filled their second room and they made sure all of our guests were happy. My favorite go to for lunch!Ǿ
Great pizza ...I love the sauce!!!  The wings are huge and tasty.  Even the salad is good and who rates salad?  The sweet italian dressing is sooo good!  This was my first time trying but I will definetly be going back !Ǿ
I've been to this and many other rosatis pizza locations, and even though the pizza is delicious, I can't say I think it's worth the price. The quality and taste very much has a traditional homemade vibe which I love! Although, there are other pizza places offering the same quality pizza for less. I love the pizza, but unfortunately probably won't return very often for this reason.Ǿ
I work at the barber shop couple stores down and we eat here 3-5 times a week and we never get sick of it. Good food and good service. One of the best pizza places I have ever eaten in.Ǿ
Great atmosphere. Super friendly waitress every time we go in. Love the thin crust pizza.  Would recommend to anyone wanting quality pizza.Ǿ
We have been here 3 times
The first two times the food was decent and and the service was mediocre. We understood they had just opened and it appeared that they were trying to get settled so we gave them the benefit of the doubt. 
The third time on 4/1/2016 was an absolute nightmare. 
We walked in and saw that there were was plenty of open tables. So that was great, also they now had there liquor license, another bonus I thought. 
 A young lady asked us to seat ourselves and she let us know that a server would be with us shortly. 
I looked around and I was surprised that for a Friday night there were only 2 other party's seated. A very large group that appeared to be wrapping up and one other couple in the new bar area. 
I will cut to the chase!
We ordered drinks and our food. The table next to us had a pile of dishes and the previous guest check. We sat there for 45 minutes with the waiter returning every 15 minutes apologizing for the delay. After 50 minutes and no food or the appetizer that we ordered. I asked for the check!
They said no charge for drinks. I left money anyways... 

We live 5 minutes away and we're happy to have a new pizza place close to home. We were very disappointed with the level of over all service and they were not busy at all. The pile of plates and dishes on the table next to us remained there the entire  50 minutes we were waiting. What the heck is going on???

Hate to say we won't be back.Ǿ
I have given this place so so many changes ...they have no time line what so ever... Never busy yet dirty dishes everwhere I'm done with them I suggest pizza my dear instead they will amaze youǾ
Great deep dish Chicago pizza and cheap drinks, what more could you want. Good wings too!Ǿ
I tend not to enjoy writing reviews that go along with what everyone else seems to be saying, but I'm left little choice here.  The Chicago style pizza is good, and since Chicago style is hard to find, it's worth going for.  That said, can someone remind the guys cooking it that cheese is allowed on a Chicago-style pie?  The thin crust can easily be beaten for both flavor and price by Verranzano's or Grimaldi's.  
The service?  Well, they might be better off using an order at the counter and put a number on your table method.  Two servers were on duty the night we went and neither seemed like they gave a damn about doing their job.  Passed us by several times and over 10 minutes before being acknowledged.  Poor management likely here. No reason a sparsely populated dining area should receive this little attention and have this many tables not wiped down.  Also, observed other tables having to ask for their checks instead of having it brought to them with an offer of dessert.  However, this wasn't the case for us, our check was prompt after we asked for a box for the left overs. 
I'll give them another shot for take-out when I want Chicago style, but if they can't find the cheese, that'll end it.  I won't do dine in again, that was kind of sad.Ǿ
This is easily THE best pizza I've ever had. I've ordered it 3 times this past week! I had a hard time not ordering it again for lunch just now but I decided 4 times in a week probably isn't a good idea. I still may break down and order a pizza for dinner though who knows. Okay I'm not gonna lie, I'm more than likely going to definitely order another pizza from these guys for dinner because of how freaking awesome it is lmao!!!Ǿ
Great pizza just moved out here from Chicago. This being right down the block is great. Foods awesome and staff is super friendly.Ǿ
I came here twice in one day, once to pick up a catering order for my work and a second time for dinner with my boyfriend. Both times I received outstanding customer service! When we came for dinner our server was fantastic and even made a recommendation for a calzone that was delicious.Ǿ
I LOVE this place!  I have been going to Rosati's forever.  I am from Chicago so I was so excited to find one in Las Vegas!  The Italian Beef sandwiches are the best!  Now that I have moved to LA hoping they will open one up here!  It is a must whenever I visit Vegas or Chicago:)Ǿ
So excited that this opened up near my office. We go at least once a week. The lunch specials are so inexpensive and yummy. Best ranch dressing in Las Vegas. Judd and Jen are our favorite servers. They remember my order and phone number for reward points.Ǿ
I've ate at Rosati's many times but this is the first time at this location. The Calzone was delicious as usual. My only complaint is the restaurant was very hot. Not sure if the A/C was out or that's how they kept it normally. My order was take out so it did not bother me that much but I would have been very unhappy if I was dinning in.Ǿ
Great food, great service, and great prices. Everyone there is so friendly, especially Jennifer. The food...YUMM!! I especially love the wings and pizza! I really appreciate that the food is always ready when they say it is or by the time I go pick it up!Ǿ
The pizza is great but the service is terrible. I called in an order and was quoted 25 minutes to pick it up. I arrived to the restaurant at exactly 25 minutes after ordering. I paid and was told it would be ready in about 5 minutes. Understandable. It's a Sunday night during football season, an extra 5 minutes is no big deal. But almost 30 minutes later I still had no pizza. I kept being told it would be 5 more minutes...the worst part is that no one apologized, no one offered a beverage while I waited. I just sat there. No one seemed to care. Pizza is good but it shouldn't take that long. Especially after I had Ben quoted 25 minutes.Ǿ
I was getting ready to order chicken fingers from their website because they looked really good and asked, "Those come with fries, right?".....because their picture shows them with fries....and she said, "No, those cost extra."

I'm SO glad I asked because I would have been MAD if the food would have showed up with no fries.  I've ordered fingers from over 50 places the last 30 years and they've ALL come with fries.  To not include them with the food, especially when their picture shows them with fries, is a joke.

So, I got their Cheef sandwhich (that did come with fries).  Not bad.  Kinda skimpy on the fries.  Most places give twice as much.

Also got the turtle brownie.  Not horrible, not great.  Wouldn't spend 6 bucks on it again.Ǿ
What happens when you go to a restaurant where the food, service, and prices are nothing to write home about? In my case you write a review that is nothing to write home about. 

  If it weren't for somebody at work, I would never have caught Rosati's act. It is hidden in the 99 Cents shopping center at the southeast corner of Eastern Avenue at Warm Springs Road. However, the individual I talked to at work told me that I have to try Rosati's pizza. After dining in Rosati's I wonder if that person at work has tried Verazzano down the street, Grimaldi's, or Metro Pizza. 

  Yesterday driving back from Red Rock Canyon in the pouring rain, I figured that I would give Rosati's a try. When I walked in the older lady at the counter told me to sit anywhere. With both dining rooms being sparsely populated I chose a table nearer the counter. On this rainy Saturday afternoon they seemed to be doing a great deal more take out business. With that observation aside, she asked me what I wanted to drink while presenting me with a menu. 

  It took me a while deciding what to order. Not because everything seemed so good. Not at all. It took me so long to decide what to order because everything on it seemed higher price and menu offerings that I find at many pizzerias and Italian restaurants were missing here. This included individual slices of pizza, eggplant parmegaina, and my favorite the eggplant parmegaina sub. After the second time that the waitress checked in on me, I asked her if they serve individual slices of pizza. She responded to the inquiry by saying that they only serve slices during their weekday special. Now that I sipped some of the Coke and was too embarrassed to return to the rain soaked streets of Vegas, I decided on the six chicken wings. 

   The six chicken wings seemed to be close to the only entree on the menu under $10. Earlier I had myself a big breakfast in the Del Mar Deli and did not build enough of an appetite to spend around $20 for a dinner. The six chicken wings costed $6.95 and the bottomless Coke costed $2. Several minutes went by until the waitress presented the wings to my table. I ordered the spicy chicken wings with ranch sauce. They had a decent taste to them. But in similar style to chicken wings they were extremely sticky. I got good use of the napkins. That's for sure. 

   As far as service, just like the place it was nothing to write home about. The waitress was neither nasty nor friendly. It would have been appreciated  if she would of asked me if I could of used more Coke. After a few hours of hiking in Red Rock Canyon, I could of used a top off of Coke. Finally when I paid at the counter, I let her know that I left her tip on the table. She gave me the attitude of, "whatever." There was a warmth to Rosati's that was missing. 

   When there is nothing to write home about a restaurant there is an infinitesimal chance of it being my home away from home. I don't live in Siberia. The reality is that there are is far better competition within a couple of miles of Rosati's that includes Verazzano Pizza, Mama Depalma's, Metro Pizza, and Grimaldi's.Ǿ
Just stopped by Rosati's and got a delicious thin crust pizza.  Also they finally got the liquor license and the bar is coming right along.  Tried the Tenaya Creek Bonanza Brown and was pleasantly surprised!  Server was very helpful!Ǿ
We have been ordering pick up from Rosati's for years. When they moved to Warm Springs and Eastern and now converted to a sit down restaurant, we were thrilled.
We went there this evening to enjoy a good meal, unfortunately, that was not the case!
When we walked in, we were unsure whether we had to wait to be seated or could just seat ourselves and there was no sign posted on what we should do. We stood at the front counter for quite a while. We could see into the kitchen, where there were 3 guys standing and talking to each other, totally ignoring us! Finally, a girl came out from the back and asked if we had been helped. We told her we wanted to sit down and eat and she said to just go sit anywhere. We sat down and waited for 15 minutes for someone to come by, give us menus, silverware and ask us if we'd like a beverage. We decided to wait 5 more minutes before we'd get up and leave. 5 minutes passed, nobody ever approached our table, so we got up to leave. As we reached the front door, there were 2 girls behind the counter talking. As we were walking out, one girl said "good night, thank you!". I said "thanks for what? We never ate!". We continued out the door and as I turned to take one last look at the girl who spoke to us, she and the other girl were laughing!
Rosati's, you would be better off firing your current employees and going back to being a strictly take out and delivery restaurant!
Do not even think about eating in there!Ǿ
Well, DISAPPOINTED!! I've had Rosati's deep dish Chicago style pizza before and it's delicious. I've really been craving it lately so I went for lunch. 

I arrived at 12:25 and seated myself. After about 3 minutes of waiting, I asked the waitress if I could have a menu. She seemed put out by this...brought me the menu but said "Can I just take your drink order for now?" It wasn't busy inside the restaurant, maybe 2 other parties. I can only guess that they were busy with deliveries or whatnot. I ordered a beverage. 

At 12:33, no one had brought my drink or returned to take my food order. 

At 12:36, I watched several people walk in from outside and put in take out orders. My food order still hadn't been taken. 

12:40. So, after 15 minutes of not having my drink brought or food order taken, I left. It really wasn't my intention to leave such a snotty review about the bad service here, I love their pizza, but come on. 

PS I came to Grimaldi's after I left there and am enjoying a sangria and antipasto right now. MmmmǾ
Pizza is great, dining room servers need a bit of consistenty one day you can order an item a certain way, come back a week later & new server says kitchen says it can't be done.  Everything should be the same no mater who the server is.

UPDATE:  I don't know what's going on here. Last few times we've dined in & picked up the pizza ha been dried out, like it's been sitting for a while. 

The servers actually handed us a pizza box (flattened) for our leftover pizza when she seen us struggling assembling the box & said "Yeah, I have trouble with those too". DIDN'T offer to do it or help!  

When we asked for clean plates, after our salad, we were told "Yeah, these are our last clean plates, we don't have a dishwasher".  I sure hope nobody came in to eat after us!!  

Don't try to give cashier exact change with your bills, because she can't figure out how to give change.  For example our bill was $70.33, we gave her $100.33. She changed to $100 bill then had to get the calculator out!!  Then gave us an attitude!!Ǿ
I've tried several pizza places in/near Vegas, but this one has been my favorite so far. It might be regional taste, but I like the cheese to the edge, square cut pizza. We ordered a large thin crust pizza, half classic combo and half pepperoni, bacon and garlic. The pizza was delicious, great cheese flavor and excellent marinara sauce. I would also recommend the appetizer "nuggets."  I pictured a garlic knot type app but it was little squares of pizza dough lightly fried, served with marinara and ranch.  Crunchy outside and tender inside.  So good. It was a great meal and we had a very friendly waitress who was attentive.Ǿ
We had been getting takeout from the Rosati's on Wigwam for many years, so we were super excited when we saw they'd be moving in walking distance to our house.
Location: 5 stars

Ambiance: 4 stars. It's clean, but bland. They have (as of yesterday) a liquor license with a full bar inside. Plenty of seating. A few well-placed tvs to watch the game.

Pizza: 4 stars. I like the thin crust but do not like the "double crust." Note to Rosati's: if you want to make a crust that is breadier than thin, please give it some seasoning. It seems crazy, but pizza hut actually has really good seasoning crumbs on the outside of theirs.

Other food: 4 stars. I love the cheesy bread, like the frozen mushrooms (pretty sure they make them in-house). To me, the wings are meh, but my husband likes them. I haven't tried the sandwiches or pasta yet, but I appreciate the varied menu. Will be back soon to check the other offerings.

Price: 3 stars. The pizza is pretty high, considering they are mostly "regular" ingredients unlike the fancier cheese and pepperonis down the street at Grimaldi's.

Overall: I'll be back. They are hands down the best option in walking distance right now.Ǿ
Excellent deep dish and excellent service.   Very friendly staff that makes you feel at home..the boys really enjoyed this placeǾ
The pizza was phenomenal it was everything you can expect from a pizza; althought, the customer service wasn't the best of all. Their mood was displesent but was subdued by the incredibly pleasant taste of the pizza, this is now my favorite pizza joint in las vegas right above Joe's pizza. This pizza joint also has a nice environment inside with a 90's new York style and warm (because NY is cold). Phenomenal Bar as well a close distance from where I live.Ǿ
Great pizza! The cheese is so delicious. Came for dinner on a Friday night and was greeted and seated right away. The waiter was very friendly and knowledgeable about the menu. We got two calzones and a build your own pizza and everything was delicious. We will be back!Ǿ
Last night was my first and last time visiting Rosatis. Too bad because the food was actually very good. I came in and ordered  to take out and while my pizza was ready in an acceptable time of 20 minutes the sandwhich and garlic bread  took another 20 minutes. All the while my pizza was sitting getting cold. The clerk kept saying "just a few more minutes". Clearly the kitchen staff is not trained on timing so all orders are ready around the same time. They are certainly good at socializing with each other because that is what they were doing instead of completing my order. The restaurant was not busy so they cant use that as an excuse. If you go here, only order one item because they cant handle multiple things.Ǿ
When I called, they said they'll deliver in 5 miles radius but not to my house (3.9 miles) and they said to call another store. lazy assholesǾ
Great food awesome service received from Jen we had  good pizza and salad we had todayǾ
The food quality and service has gone down.
Not sure what is going on here but the business is being run by kids it seems.
I now prefer other restaurants in the area like Blaze Pizza.