What a wonderful hidden gem in the middle if a shopping plaza that it has no business being in given the caliber of food they provide.  This review is going to be short.  The food was so good that we DELIBERATELY didn't eat it all so that we could enjoy it tomorrow at home.. yes.. that takes serious self control.. but trust me... it's worth it.  The food was absolutely amazing.  If you want good Italian food.. don't look anywhere else.  Food, service, ambiance... everything about this place rocks.  Just find a way to get there.Ǿ
Love this place.  The food is great and they are very friendly here.  Need to get back there in the next couple of weeks!Ǿ
Is it fair to write a review on a restaurant if you have only had their take out? Oh well, I'm doing it anyway. Please be advised that I added in an extra star due to this fact. The service was good, especially considering I did the unthinkable and called back minutes after placing my order and changed it up a little bit. This young lady was really cool about it and that was surprising. My food was ready when I got there and was very reasonably priced. This is really odd though, I called during the day while planning my attack and was told that they do make their own fresh pasta on location by whoever answered the phone. After discussing with my dinner date, we decided she didn't know the difference between fresh pasta and store bought, considering it was not fresh pasta. Ignorance is bliss, but she should have asked. I must admit, I would have never dined here if I didn't expect fresh pasta. Quite the disappointment. 

I did the calamari which was delish. I loved how it's served with sauteed onions and red and green bell peppers and marinara sauce on the side. I do recommend this dish. The wedding soup was a disgrace to all Italians. Can we say Campbell's??! The chicken noodle soup was really yummy though, if I do go back I'm getting the salad to try their house dressing. I had the chicken beurre blanc, which wasn't bad at all. The portions size is great, it was yummy, there was enough sauce and the chicken was tender. However, the chicken is tenderloin, I prefer breast (to avoid the chewy tendon which I had to pick out). If I go back, I will undoubtedly try another dish though. The Marsala wasn't bad, but wasn't that great either. Not something I would order again. 

It is in my opinion, the best restaurant I have been to in the city of Wickliffe, hence the 5 star reviews. But in comparison to more trendy cities, this place is 3 stars all day. I expected to be wowed and I got so so. I would so eat there again, I mean for $15 to get a nice quality entree and a soup or salad, that is unthinkable, it does not happen. So, I agree that it is a gem and a real nice place the city is lucky to have, I just think it's not anywhere near 5 stars. That is all.Ǿ
Cute Italian restaurant in Wicklliffe. Got seated right away on a Saturday night. Low lit and relaxing. Ordered penne pasta and my husband got the beef ravioli. Both were served within 15 minutes. Delicious. Owner was cracking jokes with us. Waitress was super nice. Definitely will come back.Ǿ
Nice little gem of Wickliffe, OH. Excellent for big groups or parties. Food is homemade and delicious!Ǿ
Excellent. Our meals were beautifully prepared and wonderfully flavored - none of the over spiced designer fare here. The staff was friendly and attentive. This is our new local Italian place !Ǿ
Decided to check this place out after some indoor soccer in Eastlake.  Located in a strip mall, but the interior decor is pretty cool.

Service - friendly and efficient.  The bartender was playfully giving my oldest a hard time, and later he brought over a pitcher of Shirley Temple for the kids (for refills).

Food - apps were tiny in portion.  The biggest disappointment of the night, by far.  The salads were also on the small side, and the Italian was more of a vinaigrette that was very tangy.  The main courses were better in terms of portion, but they were nothing special taste-wise.

Not the worst meal I've had, but I doubt I'll be back.  Not a bad option for locals, though.Ǿ
Went here while visiting the area. Very odd set up.  They would only give us the brunch menu but gave some regulars the full.menu.. 

Didnt care for the pasta. Service started out good but went to shit when it was time for refills and bill.

I will not returnǾ
This is a great Italian restaurant. The Chicken Beurre Blanc ala Antonio and Pasta Rosa are my two favorite dish. The chicken beurre blanc reminds me of lemon chicken with a twist. They have a great wine bar and good wine selections. It's a great place to go for two or more. They have a private party room for large group or they cater.Ǿ
We've been to Vittorio's 3 times now in the past 4 months.  It is a versatile restaurant meaning kid-friendly but also would be very appropriate for couples, etc.  Each time we've had our two small children with us.  The staff has always been very hospitable especially with the kids.  

The portions are quite generous and the wine list is extensive.  My wife really enjoys the riesling called "Bloom" that, apparently, is hard to find in local wine stores even though it is not expensive.

Most recently the dishes we've had are pork parmasean, chicken parm, and the chicken marsala.  Chicken Parm definitely the best of these three.  

The attached wine bar seems very nice and is always pretty hoppin when we are there.  But, with the kids, we have not indulged in it yet.  Something to keep in mind for the next night out.Ǿ
Great dinner at Vittorio's! Chicken Parmesan was amazing, big portions though. My brother got macaroni and cheese and thought it was too rich and creamy. Service is great and atmosphere. YUMǾ
This neighborhood gem serves generous portions of great Italian cusine in an intimate setting! The prices are fair and the selections are vast, so there are alwayd solid options depending on what you're in the mood for.Ǿ
I went for dinner with my family. My sister had been to the restaurant before and had had good experiences, but this time was disappointing. Almost immediately, we received service that left a bad taste in our mouth. We ordered a bottle of wine, and it was brought over by a man who we later learned is the husband of the owner. My (adult) sister was talking on her cell phone, and the man loudly said, "Are you kidding? You're on your phone? You're out to dinner, you shouldn't be on your phone." His tone was rude and accusatory. I thought maybe my sister knew this man and that the man was joking, so my family members and I just softly chuckled. The man continued, asking my sister, while she was still on the phone, "Is this your family? You're out with them, why are you on your phone? In my day we weren't on the phone when we were out to eat." If I had known that my sister did not know the employee, I would have asked the man why he thought it was acceptable to insult his customers. 

When I went to the restroom, there was no toilet paper in the women's restroom. I went to the front of the restaurant and stood at the hostess' station for several minutes before an employee came over, and the employee said that she would ask someone to get a roll. She then walked away and went to a customer's table. I briefly thought about using the men's restroom, but there wasn't even a lock on the door. I went back to my table and waited a few minutes. When I went back to the women's restroom, there was still no toilet paper. I told the employee again, and it was another several minutes before another employee came and refilled the toilet paper. The restroom itself was dirty and looked like it hadn't been cleaned in a while. 

I ordered the tilapia with a baked potato. I was brought an unopened baked potato with no condiments. I asked the waitress for butter and sour cream, and it took ten minutes for her to bring a cup of sour cream. The fish tasted fine. 

Later, the rude gentleman employee who had served us the wine came back to the table and said, "Everyone happy?" Several of us said, "Um..." and "Well...." and the employee responded, "What? You're not happy either?" Then he turned and walked away. It was incredibly rude. When the waitress came back to the table, we asked if that gentleman was the owner. She made a face that implied she had gotten complaints about the man before, and she said, "That's the owner's husband." The waitress said that other customers have complained about this man before, and that the man thinks he's being funny but he crosses a line. She apologized for him. 

Everyone else in my party enjoyed their food, but the whole experience was very disappointing and made us feel unwelcome.Ǿ
The important stuff, your dinner, is fine. Not great, but fine. The pasta is hot, the chicken parm is tasty, the antipasto platter is generous and the Caesar wedge, while it bears little resemblance to a real Caesar, is a good salad. PS - the dinner rolls have zero flavor and less texture.Ǿ
Been here twice, once for a wedding that was catered by Vittorios at the restaurant in Wickliffe and later for a dinner with friends.  Both occasions we remarked had good the food was and the service as well.  Best Italian in Lake Co that I know.  Cannoli desert is wonderful, the marina to sauce is great, various chicken dishes are wonderful.Ǿ
What a gem! Yes, it is in a strip mall but the Italian is pretty darn tasty. The staff is always friendly and more than willing to make you feel like a regular. The pre-meal bread and olive oil is always prompt and warm out of the oven (for the bread at least...no heated olive oil or something weird like that...). The specials are always seasonal and Italian-American standbys are phenomenal. They do some mean brunches too on Sunday with great mimosas to start your meal off.Ǿ
I ordered a carry out order for my families Christmas gathering at the recommendation of a friend. The food was prepared perfectly and everyone was so complementary of it. Lisa was a pleasure to work with. I will defiantly keep this place in mind for both dining out and catering needs in the future.Ǿ
I work down the street from this place and go here for lunch often. It is very inexpensive and consistently good food. They have daily special faxed to the office (though they forget to fax sometimes) and their special are usually cheap and they have a nice variety. I wish they would stick to one size of dinner rolls though, sometimes they're the size of a burger bun, other times they're the size of a profiterole. 
A pop fountain would't hurt them either. Friendly staff and no problem with parking. Thumbs up!Ǿ
Outstanding Italian food with a laid back atmosphere. If they are on the menu that day, get the fried green tomatoes! We eat there at least once a month and have never been disappointed.Ǿ
Decided to try this place for lunch and overall it was fine, but I wouldn't make a trip back. The rolls that came before the meal seemed bought, not freshly made. Cold and not very appealing. The salad that came with the meal was small and on a large, shallow plate that made eating it difficult. The pasta and Italian sandwich that we had were good though. Service was friendly enough, but a little lacking. Maybe dinner there is more impressive, but I don't think it's worth another try when there's better options in the area.Ǿ
Great food. 1/2price apps and wine on Wednesday. Best food ever. Clean restaurant.Ǿ
The homemade cavatelli is wonderful so are the meatballs.  The catering is also very reasonable.Ǿ
The linguine with bologonese sauce has an amazing flavor.  The dinner salads are lacking, but other than that great main dishes and appetizers.  Good for family dinners.Ǿ
Last night I was a guest at a gathering in one of the two party rooms at Vittorio's. It was my first visit here. I have not eaten in the dining room, but imagine it must be good considering the quality of food they turned out for our sizes party of 33! 

We were a little tight in the larger of the two party rooms at 33, but the seating was comfortable and the staff very friendly and hard working to accommodate us all. I had a red wine by the glass. It was only $6, as most were $5-6/ glass, but I would have preferred paying a bit more for a nicer wine. They offered a full basic bar and beers by the bottle as well. 

Our food options were chicken piccata, salmon or a Boston strip steak. Everyone raved about their choice. The green beans were fresh steamed and the salad lettuces were tender and fresh and very lightly dressed. The rolls were good and the dipping oil on the tables was excellent! The steaks were very large, tender & lean  and made to order perfectly which is amazing for a party! The salmon was super moist and perfectly cooked... again, impressive. My friend who had the chicken said it melted in her mouth. They offered up the typical pasta and red sauce, which was unimpressive. I'm not sure if that's their typical sauce. It's strong on the tomato side. The lemon cake was moist and delicious. The chocolate cake was a bit dry in my opinion. 

I would love to go back to try the regular menu! I cannot comment on the pricing of the dinners as I was a guest. We had a great event here.Ǿ
I have had several meals there, all during lunch hours.
Simply put - nothing special.
Portions are not am issue for me.
Their grilled portobello mushroom sandwich was dripping juices and bottom bun was just a mush.  Had their grilled veg sandwich and it was the same.   Since then I only get salads there. 
Service is slow and casual.  Servers don't look like they enjoy working there. 
Decor is basic. Wine rack, family pics etc.
Its a place of convenience for me to go.  And it is not horribly bad food.Ǿ
My husband and I have been here twice and will not be going back.  Both occasions were not good.  The service was slow to put it mildly.  On the first occasion we placed an order for one of their specials and the server came back to say they were out.  Who runs out of a special at 6 in the evening?  On the second occasion with three other couples was even worse.  The service was slow.  We ordered wine and it was ok.  Then we placed our orders and again they had run out of one of their specials - one of the people received a substitute for his order without the server even asking if he wanted it.  One of our party complained to the manager and we ended up not paying for our wine but it wasn't worth it after the poor service.  A big disappointment.Ǿ
Vittorio's is one if my all time favorite restaurants. I'm surprised not to see mention of their wine or desserts in recent reviews. 
You can ask for a recommendation on wine - the staff is knowledgeable. There is also a newer wine bar attached on the left side. The desserts are housemade and out of this world. Try the chocolate bumpy cake - you will thank me!Ǿ
Food was great, but the guy that was behind the bar was a jerk.  He kept insulting the waitress.  Not sure why anyone would work there, and I'm not sure I will go back because of his lack of respect for the other employees.  

The food was really good though, so I give this a 2 star rating.  The rudeness of that guy knocked it down at least 2 stars.Ǿ
Great food, try for Sunday brunch, homemade donuts on table instead of bread. True Italian wine sommelier with great selection. Love it!