I came here with a friend of mine for dinner and I would say we enjoyed our time here. Finding a parking was the toughest of all as one of the yelper noted here. 

We arrived and checked in, come to find out we only had to wait for ten mins. Within several minutes our gadget buzzed and we got a table. 

Our server arrived with in a min to see if we wanted to get a drink so I ordered their margarita and It came out perfect. After few mins he came back to check on us to see if we were ready to order and we ordered our entree. It took them little time to get out entree out but that was perfect timing to chitchat and flirt.  

Food came out great the first time and we didn't had to ask for anything extra other than napkins. We were so full, we skipped on desert and requested our check. 

We really enjoyed our time here on a Friday night and I would recommend this location to anyone.笑
We decided to stop in after doing some shopping and we were really hungry so we decided to give the 2 for $20 a try but we decided to Ante Up! And get an appetizer, two entrees, two margaritas and a dessert for $35!

For starters let's get to the drinks! Yummy! Margaritas either frozen or on the rocks any flavor you want! I opted for the Pomegranate one on the rocks and my friend chose the frozen Strawberry. What I learned was when the bartender is your waiter...your drinks come out awesome! These were not all mix and no liquor she poured it in those drinks and they were awesome! 

For our appetizer we tried the Texas Cheese Fries Topped with chili, jalapeños, green onions and finished with applewood smoked bacon. Served with ranch dressing. When you have bacon, cheese and fries how can you go wrong! My only complaint is that the portion size wasn't big enough! They were simply delicious but the little pan they bring them out in is a joke...especially when like us...you're starving! 

For the meal, I chose the chicken fajitas...the fajitas came out hot and steaming just like I like them! The chicken was hot, flavor was good, came with 3 tortillas and a side of lettuce, cheese, pico de gallo and guac! 

My friend chose the ribs...with the original sauce...the meat was practically falling off the bone and it was delicious! I knew that my friend enjoyed it because she always slapped my fingers away when I tried to get a second bite! Instead of the fries she chose the steamed broccoli which was a little dry, but edible. 

The dessert seal the deal for us! We chose the brownie! it came with ice cream and a chocolate sauce....what more YUM!!! Needless to say we sent back an empty plate to the kitchen!!! 

Overall, it was a great meal! Really enjoyed the "ANTE" up style!笑
Great service. Went on a Sunday, so it was somewhat busy. They had what's called Ziosk... It's like a personal Kiosk at each table. You can play games, reorder drinks, pay your bill, and my favorite you can see your current bill and monitor your spending. Our waiter Caleb was very polite well mannered and efficient. 

The meat on the build your fajita was a little skimpy. The black berry lemonade is very good. Will certainly go back again for more dining.笑
Server was friendly but slow. My order was wrong but he tried very hard to get it fixed. Nothing was wrong with my moms order (go her -___-)笑
I came in today to watch the Indy 500 and learned that this chilis discriminates on people who have disabilities. When I sat at the bar and went to order a beer I presented my out of state identification card and was immediately turned down due to the fact that it was a identification card not a drivers license. When I mentioned the fact that it was state issued and I am legally unable to possess a drivers license in my state  due to the fact that I have a medical issue,they still refused to serve me, even though I am way more than the legal drinking age. All in all I'm not even mad about it, I just felt disrespected and judged, especially because I just wanted to grab a brew, a quick bite to eat and enjoy the Indy 500 on the way to the Coke 600 race. Lucky Fridays was right around the corner and was more than willing to accommodate my needs. After this run-in with chilis I will seriously reconsider patronizing this franchise again.笑
I've been in the restaurant to eat several times as well as ordered out and never really had an issue with service or the food. 

But, tonight, my boyfriend and I decided to order some dessert to pick up. We ordered the chocolate chip cookie skillet and the brownie skillet. When my boyfriend picked it up and got it home, the cookie and the brownie were cold, as in pulled out of the fridge. How hard is it to make fresh brownies and cookies? They tasted like very prepackaged and processed stuff you can buy at the store. I don't expect gourmet but it is a restaurant, so I would expect a majority of items to be made fresh. Very disappointing.笑
I normally don't like to review chain restaurants, but I had great food here and didn't understand the low stars. So now I'm here to help teeter them towards at least three. No, I don't work for Chili's or anything like that, see my other reviews. The MAIN reason I go to Chili's is for the ribeye or sirloin steak. Even though I try to stray on the menu, I keep going back to the steaks. 

This place by far is NOT as good as steakhouse steaks, but compared to American restaurants like TGIF, Applebee's, and those others, this place IS the best. 

The Good:
Been here twice and EVERY time MY food was more than delicious. The steak was cooked the way I liked, the Salmon was cooked perfectly and seasoned as though I was the one that seasoned it. The guacamole is pretty good and the Mango Tea(bottomless) should be a good choice for you if you want to avoid carbonated sugar drinks. Our first server, I think his name is Irvin or Austin... I forget, but he was VERY good and patient. We have two rambunctious kids and he seemed to not be annoyed by them(unlike their big brother). He kept checking on us, kept our drinks flowing, kept the chips coming and even hooked us up on the lil' gaming tablets. 

The Bad:
Our second visit, the service was off to a rocky start. The hostess seated us. We asked if the we could get another tablet to keep both our little ones busy and she obliged. Our waiter gets to the table and he looked at us like we stabbed a puppy and ate the eyeballs... "Ummmm.... you're not supposed to have two of those. Who let you guys have those? You know it's a $1.99 fee for each right?" he said.
Now we were unaware of the charge to be honest, my wife is a "stand my ground" kinda person. I would've just paid the 5 bucks. She talked him into getting the charges removed from our bill.... "But I can't do this next time, you're supposed to pay."
After that fiasco that seemed to drag forever since I was hungry, he called my son(dressed in a blue and red Sonic the Hedgehog shirt, BLUE pants, I even called him buddy) a she. 
RACIAL RANT: **NOTE TO NON-BLACK PEOPLE.... BLACK PEOPLE ALSO BRAID/CORNROW LITTLE BOYS' HAIR TOO. NO ONE CALLS YOUR SON A SHE WHEN HE HAS AN IMITATION BEIBER HAIRCUT...**
After I called my son's name(a masculine name) for the third time I think he finally got the hint. When it was time to order he called him a him. Yay. Far as service goes, there was nothing else bad to report. 

The Gist:
I highly recommend this Chili's if you want a decent steak without steakhouse prices. Good for kids. Near the mall, food is better than Applebee's. Go when it's not busy. No military discount. Get the Mango Tea. Boys can wear cornrows too. THE GAMES ON THE TOUCHPAD ARE $1.99. YOU'VE BEEN WAAAAARRRRRNNNNEEEEDDDDD....... *ghostly voice*笑
I like Chili's pretty okay. When you give me a list of big-name chain restaurants for dinner it's usually my choice numero uno. This one in particular is hardly ever packed, even on game nights. The menu is as reliable as you come to expect from a chain restaurant. Staff is decent - bar staff is always most responsive. Perhaps because they get tipped heavier and know that communication will be a way to "up the ante".

I like the food especially because of the great variety here. You've got everything from sandwiches to large plate entrees and the like with Tex-Mex being the standard theme here. Excellent desserts - the skillet cookie with ice cream to be specific. I get a hankering for one of these from time to time and will literally go here just for a beer (usually a local grab from OMB) and the skillet cookie. I also love the mex-bowls because of the variety of ingredients all mixed up together. Ten-year-old me would've hated that stuff but even then I had their chicken crispers with corn on the cob and loaded mashed potatoes to chow down on. So again, huge variety, regularly changing/updated menu, good bar staff and a relaxing atmosphere. It's perhaps a once-a-month treat for myself when I'm just not feeling like trying something new.笑
My family met at Chili's for a late lunch.  Many of the tables were filled.  Our server was attentive, even as she had other tables.  I ordered the shrimp tacos and as a shrimp lover, they were delicious!  The combination of spicy chile-lime sauce and house-made pico de gallo and sliced avocados made me a new fan of Chili's!  The only issue during the visit where the people at neighboring tables.  I won't go into details...it's a free country.笑
I used to like Chili's, but they (along with Applebees, Ruby Tuesday's, and TGiF), have gone down hill. Service wasnt all that bad, but the food was. Ordered the Monterrey chicken, and out came this slop of cheese and bacon over a sad piece of chicken. My gf ordered the Margarita chicken, and it was swimming in what looked like leftover margarita mix. Do yourself a favor and goto On the Border next door, or Moe's across the street.笑
My family came to chili's on 3/18/17 to celebrate the life of my mother and we did have a fairly big party.

We all arrived at abt 3:00p and was told it would be a 30 min wait. Ok, no problem.  The location was understaffed and had only abt 3 servers working. The location was not cleaned because of the amount of servers.

Most of the tables were empty but piled dishes still left on the tables from the last parties sitting there. 

At about 430p the manager comes to apologize about the wait and stated it would be another hour until more staff came in and gave out $5 gift cards to two people, but should've given everyone in the party one because everyone was all waiting at the same time. We did tell the manager that it didn't matter if we sat together or not because we knew it was a lot of us. 

We ended up leaving and going to a different restaurant. It used to be an overall good spot to go to. I enjoy the house margaritas. The service has truly went down hill. I only gave two stars for the attempt of the two gift cards. Wouldn't recommend.笑
Had dinner st Chillies tonight. Chili was ok, nothing great. Try Lupies if you want great Chili. Salad was also just so so. Nothing special. Service was less than good. She messed up the order. Blue Moon on tap was cold and enjoyable.笑
Once you've been to one Chili's you have been to them all: Decent food, Decent price, Decent service. The good thing is you always know what you'll be getting, and there is something for everyone on the menu. This is just your run-of-the-mill Chilis', can't complain.笑
Do NOT go to this Chili's location. The service has been consistently HORRIBLE. 

A couple of weeks ago my boyfriend and I tried to call in an order. The guy answered and left us on hold so we decided to go ahead and head that way while we were on hold. Well....we were LITERALLY on hold for 17 mins and were STILL on hold when we got there. 

We walked in and not a single soul greeted us. The same waitress looked at us and didnt say anything 3 different times. So...we sat down and waited on someone to greet us. A guy finally came over and asked if someone had assisted us yet. We asked for a manager. (Before the guy came over...another couple with their kid came in and stood there and NO ONE greeted them either. we told them we had been waiting 10 mins and no one greeted us so they walked out.)

The manager finally came over and we showed her the phone screen (yes, we were still on hold). She apologized and cooked our food for us and gave it to us free, drink included.

Ok so we went again this past Tuesday evening and it wasn't very crowded. My boyfriend placed the order again and asked to subsitute shrimp for broccoli in our pasta because we are vegetarians. We got there, 5 mins after they said our food would be ready and it still wasn't ready. We got our food and left (shouldve listened to my intuition telling me to check the food). Got to the house....our pasta was dry as hell and the "steamed" broccoli was raw broccoli sitting on top of our pasta. NEVER AGAIN. I'm disgusted with this place. The 2 stars was only because the first time they messed up the manager cooked the food very well.笑
This Chilis is deceent. food is cooked they way it was requested. Could have a had a little better service, but it happens. The new chcken strips they serve with the corn and the fries is a GREAT feast. The Kids enjoyed it and after eating my original meal i order one to go. 

Not the best place for group gatherings either笑
Very unhappy staff & it showed from start to finish!
The entire time the girl that seats you was on her cell phone. Never smiled once & the greeting was table or booth. When I said booth, she acted irritated because she had to go clean one. Really? Come on!!! I could go on about the food, but I won't ... I just know not to go back!笑
I'm not sure if it's the trend for EVERY Chili's to be horrible, but this one is pretty high up on the list. It was such a slow Tuesday night, after the dinner time rush. There were 2 tables, 1 just finished and 1 was eating. It was just the 2 of us for dinner and we had such an un-attentive server.. she brought us water and then our app.. took the order that was it. Drink didn't get refilled, (by anyone) we didn't even see her until AFTER we decided to leave because the order came out wrong. She was serving an 8 top that walked in and got so pre occupied that we were forgotten about... her excuse was "sorry for getting tied up.. "which I would understand but we didn't get any refills, our empty app just sat on the table for 20 minutes, and we waited for food that shouldn't have taken as long as it did with hardly anyone in there! Not to mention the order being wrong. She offered to get a manager, but honestly I don't want a manger to make an excuse and have things re made. It was a simple order. I get big parties mean possibly a bigger tip, but I can guarantee you we tip 20%+ so don't judge a table by its size and leave the smaller ones for larger ones... you're only hurting yourself.

I will not be going back to Chili's ever again. 

Ps: We did pay her cash for the app we received, so this is not a review for free food. I will not be emailing you to have you "make it right"..笑
Not a fan of southwest style food so selection is limited but at least it's good I suggest the steak笑
I was staying at a nearby hotel and needed food after a long trip so I went to the first place I saw. Food was good,service was acceptable and I was able to relax and unwind. I sat at the bar with company and felt very welcomed by the bar staff. I always have phone battery issues so I was happy that the bartender happily offered to charge my phone while I ate. Overall 3-stars due to the wait and drinks.笑
A little better then the current rating, but typical of a franchise restaurant. If your just looking for own of their signature dishes like the ribs this location will suffice. If your wanting to try a new menu item I would look for a little higher rated chili's.笑
Visited this location last night and wasn't all too pleased. My boyfriend and I chose the appetizer southwestern egg rolls, which were satisfactory!! Fresh and Hot! The waitress was nice. The problem started when we waited 20 mins for our food and it was NOT fresh and hot. We both had shrimp apart of our entrée and they were COLD so we complained. We demanded the waitress go and get us fresh shrimp, at least. So she had us pick through our food and gather all the shrimp so she could take it back to the kitchen, I was confused. Promising hot shrimp she disappeared to the back, taking another 15mins. That's when we demanded the manager. I give 3 stars because once the manager was aware of our complaints , he immediately took care of it. He agreed to give us fresh entrées but the wait was still about 20 mins because other tables had complaints as well. Any who, we took our fresh food to go while the manager expressed his apologies and told us he hoped to see us back again. Which was pretty nice...笑
My sister and I just came here to have lunch and waited 10 minutes without being acknowledged or seated, it wasn't until then a waitress made eye contact with us then walked away like we didn't even exist so we walked out to find somewhere else to eat. They were not even busy.笑
Both service and food were lacking. The chicken crispers were not even fast food quality, the service was slow and unresponsive. Had to send food back and no concern was given by server as to whether the second attempt was any better. Will not be returning to this location or most likely any other.笑
Just went to Chili's last night for dinner.  My biggest complaint about this place is the service.  I know we had been seated in the restaurant for about 50 minutes before we got our food.  My glass of water was empty for the majority of the time (had to wait for the ice to melt to get any water).  Our waiter also kept changing.

Now to the food... The chips were not the warm oily chips that you expect from Chili's.  The chips were just typical and kind of dry.  The salsa was ice cold.  

On the plus side the food was good.  I ordered the grilled chicken sandwich and the chicken was excellent.  Everyone else at the table liked their food too.  I just wish the food had came out a bit sooner.  

Also, I thought the hostess had good customer service skills.  

I personally prefer the Chili's in Gastonia over this one that is near Northlake mall.笑
Was in last Thursday night around 7pm going out after work with a friend. First impressions were very good we were surprised at the inside having a more updated modern look. We're new to the area and where were from chili's usually have a very busy decor.

We were greeted and seated quickly. We both had burgers. They came out in a reasonable amount of time, and tasted great. My one complaint is they didn't seemed to be cooked to order. Our waitress was good, and one of the managers even came around during the meal to check on us.

As I'm new to the area I'm not sure if the modern interior and food presentation is newer. I noticed some less than positive reviews but in comparison to chain restaurants and to other chili's in the past I would rate this one as pretty darn good. So 4/5!笑
Highly disappointed in today's lunch service.  It seemed pretty busy but there were empty tables so the restaurant wasn't at capacity.  The waitress we had was not great that's for sure.  We asked for a few minutes to decide what we wanted and probably within about 3 minutes she returned asking if we now knew what we wanted to order.  I felt rushed.  The food took well over 20 minutes to come out.  I received my food but my daughter didn't get her order only to find out the waitress forgot to put her order in.  The food was good but I was pretty upset about my child's order not being put in until my food came out.  Never once got a refill...she asked if I wanted a refill after I finished my meal, I said yes but she never brought it.  Pretty sure I won't be back.笑
We live across the street and love chilis. Both of us worked for the company for 5 years. This chilis has the RUDEST employees and management that I have ever seen in a restaurant. The cooks NEVER cook the food correctly. The last two times that we reluctantly ate there, we had to send EVERYTHING back only to have the manager come out and give us a smart attitude as though we were requesting a five star meal instead of a rare steak. Needless to say, after several chances, we will NOT be doing business there any longer. The drive to Huntersville chilis for a good steak is well worth it.笑
You know that feeling when you walk in somewhere and you should just turn around and walk out, we should've listened ourselves!  We went to Chili's because red Robin had a long wait.  Once we set down we noticed the table next to us was dirty (not bussed from the previous guests). And it was never cleaned the entire time of our meal plus a couple other tables around us.  The place was it really even that busy.  The backsplash on our table look like someone at sneezed on three weeks previously.  The food was slow but once I got to us it tasted okay.  Because of the cleanliness of the place I didn't want to touch that little computer kiosk they put at your table.  

Even if the zombie apocalypse happens and Chili's is the last restaurant in town we will not go back there ever again.笑
I'm not even back to the car yet and I'm writing this review. Very motivated. We stopped here driving back to Atlanta from a trip to NY. Stopped for a quick, easy dinner. I'm not even going to bother going into huge, long paragraphs for this awful place. My wife ordered a salad with grilled shrimp. The shrimp were raw. Completely raw. Sent it back. Came back, still waaaaay undercooked. She's diabetic and already took insulin so she had to eat. They didn't bother having the manager come by. Nothing. Just, "well, enjoy your ride home!"  Awful place. Just awful. There are PLENTY of other restaurant that deserve your business in this same shopping center. We are now eating a good meal at Moe's across the parking lot. If I could give this Chili's location negative three stars, I would.笑
First off I can't stand most chain restaurants as I view them no different than pulling into a fast food chain it's all about quantity over quality. 

My wife is a fan of this restaurant so we went and took our 4 year old son and it was terrible from the start. 

We sat down and didn't see a waiter for almost 15 minutes then when he came he asked us what we wanted to drink we order margaritas and water and he brought back the margaritas but NO WATER not to mention he brought frozen margaritas first and we ordered regular margaritas. 

My son had a pizza that was burnt and I ordered ribs that came out cold as if they was sitting out and they put sauce on them and served. Instead of the waiter bring out a fresh batch of ribs he brought out a empty plate took my ribs and reheated them while most restaurants would of cooked a new order. 

My wife had fajitas and that seems to be the only thing that came out decent and that was because of the steaming hot platter it comes out on. 

Overall the service was terrible the total wait time to get our meal was 45 min and this is what you call a family friendly restaurant ? 

Even the host was bad she was missing when we came in and once she got back it took her 5-10 mins to notice that we was a new arrival. Oh never mind she put us in the bar area with liquor even though it was clear that we had a small 4 year old child with us. smh 

I wouldn't advise anyone to visit the Northlake location it's far too many other restaurants in the area and if this wasn't a franchise chain it would be closed I'm sure.笑
We just returned from having a good time at Chili's. 

The service was good. Caleb took the time to introduce himself, more than once, and explain the specials. He even asked if we had any questions about the menu. He is a good bartender and frequently asked if we needed anything. 

The food was fresh, well prepared and the plate presentation was great. 

I would return to this location.笑
This place just isn't for me. The menu stinks, the food is below par and its just so commercialized. 

I really used to like Chilis, but they have lost their charm and they change their menu too much.笑
First of all the only reason this review is a 3 and not a 1 is the Bartender who worked on 12/1 nighttime. We sat at the bar and the GM was standing there changing the TV's. He did not say hey or greet us. His bartender was busy with tables and hurried to great us a few minutes later. He was super nice and apologized for the wait. He gave us great service to us and the whole restaurant as he helped great guests not in his section and great tables at the host stand. Where is the host at this place ? Like greeting is your most important job in a restaurant and you have no host. Dirty tables everywhere as managers just walk past them. The managers here are a joke. I am a manager at a restaurant and it was embarrassing for me to watch them do freaking nothing.笑
Weekday lunch special. Turkey club and southwest chicken tortilla soup. Both were adequate. Grapefruit margarita was nasty and it was $9.00 for non premium tequila. Shame on me, would not have ordered if I paid more attention.
Hubby had the 2 bites and chill again nothing special but filling 
Service was good and quick enough笑
Unless you are obsessed with faux Tex Mex food, I would stay away from Chili's. My meal was pretty good, even if the service was somewhat subpar, but the electronic device they have on each table told me I could play trivia in 16 seconds (and ask my friends, I loves me some trivia). I hit okay, and it told me I had unlimited access for the next 24 hours. I hit okay again, and then it told me I was being charged $2 to play.

I immediately cancelled, but I had to ask the waitress twice to remove the charge from my final bill.

You can find better food pretty much anywhere and you don't have to worry about the restaurant trying to con you out of a few extra dollars. Screw you, Chili's!笑
I have always LOVED chilis, and I go past all other locations due to their uncleanliness to go to this one. 

BUT, Saturday night a hostess was carrying a pants-less baby around the kitchen. The diaper was sagging and the kid had no shoes, no socks on, and had an obvious cold with boogers on its face. IN THE KITCHEN. And they were passing the baby around for everybody to hold. Then the baby was sat on the window where the cooks put the food for the waiters to take to customers. Not only is this nasty, it was dangerous for the baby  

I won't be back after this, the manager didn't seem to mind at all that this was going on as he  was in the kitchen holding the baby as well. I hope they can clean up their act, as it hurts me to not go there anymore :(笑
Very slow service. Took forever to get food and it wasn't even crowded.  Mediocre food.  I won't be back.笑
HORRIBLE!

I will be brief because I would spend way too much time writing on how bad this place is.

1. When we asked not to be sat at the bathrooms, the hostess rolled her eyes and pointed to a table behind the 1 she wanted to sit us. After saying once again, "I don't want to sit at the bathrooms please," she huffs and throws our menu's at the 3rd booth and walks away. Normally I would have left but it was the only place open on Christmas Eve night so we had to stay.

2. Our waitress, Kris, took her sweet time in getting to our table just so we can order our drinks. I was able to sit down at the table, take my jacket off, get the baby situated, realize the baby needed a diaper change, go and change her diaper, come back and it took her 10 minutes to show up to take our DRINK orders. My husband got a fork where the prong was bent straight up and he had to ask her 5 times for a new fork. She was very slow, fake attitude, and didn't listen to anything we had to say.

3. The food....I would have eaten Moist n Meaty dog food and it would have tasted better. Since I wasn't all that hungry, I ordered a Caesar salad and baked potato soup. The dressing on my salad tasted like somebody poured it on the floor, danced a jig on top of it, and scooped it back up to put on my salad. It even looked bad! Caesar salad dressing should look creamy, kind of a pale tan color....this had a dark tint to it and smelled horrible. My husband also got a Caesar salad and he had the same problem. He ordered a cheeseburger that was a hockey puck. The only thing that was good was the skillet dip, the chips weren't even good! They were from the bottom of the pile, broken in a million tiny pieces, most of them were burnt, and salty as hell. We didn't even finish our meals it was so disgusting. 

Since we didn't have a good experience with the hostess (which we found out it was the manager), we didn't even bother complaining about the food or the service. It was not worth the $30.52 at all. Nobody got a tip and we will NEVER go back there again. STAY AWAY!!笑
Questionable service, dirty floors, sticky tables - non existent management. Sub par food. Don't get a salad unless you want salad mix.笑
Took 37 min to get food during an almost empty restaurant...server was not attentive....asked for items for the meal and never came back. Staff very poor quality.