Very clean for a Mexican food restaurant. When we walked in we immediately noticed the cleanliness and smells as well.

Lunch time margaritas for $1.99 and value priced Mexican food is quite the steal.

The menu is full of items and platters. The alcohol menu is a little small but $2.00 beers is also a steal to go with the cheap menu prices.

The flautas are fresh and amazing. The tamales were pretty good as well. An outside patio for those amazing days when you want to enjoy the sun.

All in all an amazing restaurant!笑
Taco bell is around the corner, the prices are the same, and the food is better.  Live Mas.
Cheap margs... all mix + no tequila = gross.  Not a fan.
I hope I get the courage to try it again because I want it to be good.  For now they're 0 for 1.笑
Chicken mole was good.  Chips and salsa was good.  Service was great. Came to check on us three times. We used a groupon and there was a problem with my iPhone app and they still gave me the discount. I felt comfortable with my twin one year olds and four yr old at the restaurant. I would come here again. We'll see how their other locations measure up.笑
I was all ready to deduct a star for the inaccurate website (apparently all beers are not $2 on Sundays, so don't get your hopes up).  But then we were given a round of tequila shots after dinner last night that changed my mind.  Not that any of us wanted them, or even like tequila shots, but it was still a very nice gesture.  4 stars for great service!笑
Been to this place many times over the years and have never had a bad experience. The food is excellent, the service is fast and friendly, and the prices are fair. Very highly recommend!笑
This is my second time at si Senor and I love it. The atmosphere is great along with the music, and the food is amazing and affordable. Once you eat here you will never eat Taco Bell again. I will definitely be back, and next time I will convince some coworkers.笑
Nice Mexican decor.  Extensive menu.  Tasty, huge margeritas. Had the house margerita and flautas--4 with rice, lettuce, tomatoes.  Complementary chips and salsa--mildly spicy.  Very tasty overall, and comparable to what I'm used to in Phoenix (recently moved here from there). Clean restroom.  Recommended.笑
Fast service and the food is up fast also. Great selection of soda for the kids.
I love the seafood enchiladas笑
They were pretty busy and it took an hour to get a taco salad. The waitress was very nice but the environment and drunk customers made it a bad experience. We couldn't wait to get out of there. Cozumel is better for the price.笑
First time visiting, and the experience was HORRIBLE. My son & I each had an entree and a soda. Service was extremely slow. When the waiter brought over the bill, it was over $50!!!! He had entered drinks for another table to my check. I actually had to argue to have the charge taken off!  Later, both my son & I got sick. Never again.
From now on, we stick to Don Ramon.笑
This place is dirty. Our server was almost inappropriate by the way he kept staring at my teenage daughters. Will not go back笑
My favorite place to go to for Mexican food! Service has never let us down! Meet there often with my siblings because they love it too! The ONLY negative food experience we've had was with my daughter's kids plate. The fries were soo undercooked. Could've used another 2-3 minutes in the deep fryer. But that has been the only hiccup with their food we've had. Today I had the bacon wrapped shrimp. Phenomenal!笑
This is by far the best Mexican restaurant in the area! For one, many Mexican places will put refried beans on their vegetarian menu but they cook them in lard. This place does not. Very vegetarian and vegan friendly. The service is friendly and the colorful surroundings are traditional but not overwhelming. This place appreciates their customers and it shows.笑
Si Senor's is my go to Mexican restaurant. Of course, you are provided with fresh corn chips and salsa. I love their salsa! I always order the Enchiladas Supremas ($10) which is their variety platter of enchiladas (chicken, ground beef, cheese, & bean) made with corn tortillas and a side of rice. It's perfect for me since I have Celiac's and need Gluten Free options (be sure to make sure the staff tells the kitchen that you need special preparation for your allergy). My family orders the chicken burritos, flautas, and fajitas (all of which they have no complaints with). The portions are large, prices reasonable, and service is friendly and fast. If you are in the mood for Mexican, give this place a try!笑
yes, another Yelper was so correct... if you want the real thing, come to the Southwest ... but, for NE Ohio, these guys did fine... on a weekend night, service was actually an A! attentive prompt appropriate friendly ... the food on a "Midwest US" grading scale: Flautas A, quesadilla grande B, pollo loco B, charro beans A-, guacamole A-... less than $20 / person including tip... a very positive experience this far north of the border!笑
In my opinion, Mexican type-food is pretty standard.  You've got your enchiladas, your chimichangas, whatever.  Add a side of beans and rice and ole - you've got a Mexican plate.

I was pretty impressed by Si Senor though.  Sure the decor is a little odd and it was sparsely attended but....my props go to our server.

Our server was attentive, brought out water when asked, filled our salsa quickly, laughed at my boyfriends jokes (which made him a fan), and you know what really clinched the evening? For some reason he must have thought we looked like Tequila drinkers because he brought us out two free shots of Tequila.  Now mind you, I'm not much of a Tequila drinker, but thank you very much amigo!  I drank half of it and poured the rest into my Peach margarita.

So in short...thanks to that Tequila shot, you get five stars!  Way to buy off a Yelper without knowing it!笑
Very solid Ameri-Mex.  Everything was good from the salsa, to the warm tortillas, to the frozen margaritas.  I compare all Mexican restaurants in Cleveland to my favorite Mexican Restaurant, Cozumel.  Based on a recommendation from a friend, we stopped in and had dinner, forgoing our usual Mexican locale.  The service was excellent and the food was fast, but I am not sure if it was fresh.  The queso blanco and salsa verde were both delicious.

Si Senor did not dethrone Cozumel as the Mexican heavyweight in the Cleveland area, in my mind.  The fajitas were good, but not quite as out of this world as the Fajitas Cozumel.  The portion was smaller and the variety of meats within the dish was also smaller than Cozumel. Specifically, not only do the Fajitas Cozumel taste better, but you get a whopping portion that includes shrimp, chorizo, and mushrooms.  Additionally, the chicken in my flautas was a bit dry and had a funky flavor.  You've gotta use fresh meat each and every day to be competitive.

I'm glad we tried a different Mexican restaurant because it reaffirms that we've been getting the best Mexican Cleveland has to offer.  There were only approximately five other people in the restaurant at dinner time, which is usually a bad omen.笑
Love this place.food is great.not to spicey.its perfect.if you don't want to dine in they have taco Tuesday and they are so good.you can get chicken or beef ,hard or soft..margaritas aren't bad either.笑
Used to be a Wendy's, and it probably should have stayed that way.

Go to Cozumel instead, just a 5 minute drive down the road!

Here is why:
1. Needs better ventilation, completely full of fajitas smoke
2. Asked for water 3 times
3. Their hot salsa was beyond burned
4. Asked for salsa 2 times
5.  Mango and strawberry/bannana margaritas were un-drinkable... too sweet
6. Service completely disorganized
7. Took 20 minutes to get check
8.  Quesidilla had absolutely no cheese.  What?

COMPLIMENTS:
1. Outdoor seating 
2.  Cheap and good frozen regular margaritas ($2.50)

But, would never come back.笑
As far as American Mexican food goes, I suppose this place is legit. 

Your usual Americanized Mexican fare, but these guys make it tasty.

I would rate 3.5 stars but I'll round up for the genial service on a busy Friday night. 

Food 3.5
Service 4.0 
Ambiance 3.5 

Pina colada - sweet with a hint of rum, just like I like it. 

Shrimp Quesadilla topped with Nacho Cheese - this was a guilty pleasure order and it satisfied. It was also HUGE. 

BF ordered some enchilada combo, he devoured it so I assumed it was good. 

Almost all orders come with beans & rice and theirs was pretty damn good. Standard nachos & salsa at table, nothing spectacular. 

I appreciate them having El Yucateco hot sauce on the tables. Kind of an authentic move. Lastly, our waiter was very sweet and attentive, so I'd come back for friendly service and pina coladas. 

I guess if you can't make it to La Plaza and don't want to go to Chilis...come here?笑
Lime green walls, oh my!

As close to authentic as one will get outside of Mexico or Painesville. Flautas were not the tiny cigar size one gets at most places but the actual almost burrito sized. Guacamole could have used a little more cilantro, but that's a personal preference. Rice was just rice. Let's face it, the only way to season rice is to cook it in chicken stock, and that kinda becomes an issue for vegetarian/vegan peeps. Speaking of, there's a pretty large section of the menu dedicated to that diet style. Portions are huge, and the prices reasonable ($10-15). Xangos (fried cheesecake) was enormous. Definitely not for one person.

Service was excellent! Place is clean; the parking somewhat odd.笑
I visited Si Senor for thirsty Thursday around 5. The restaurant was fairly large with the typical Mexican restaurant decor. We were surprised Si Senor was empty and we attributed it to other patrons not being off work. We were seated right away and greeted by our waitress. It took awhile for us to order because the menu has a lot of options. After much contemplation we settled on chimichangas and nachos. While we were waiting for our food one of the workers was cleaning with a VERY STRONG cleaner. I started to get a headache because the cleaner was so strong. It's good that Si Senor cleans, but they should not do it when patrons are present. The food took about 20 minutes which was surprising because the restaurant was empty. The food was nothing special. It wasn't good but it wasn't bad.笑
Service was great, waiter came to our table about 7 times in 20 min. Food was ordered and arrived in 4 min, faster than any place I've been to. The building looks brand new and very clean and the booths were comfortable. The salsa and chips were on par, a bit on the mild side, rice wasn't very tasty, but the beans were above average. I ordered the chimichangas, and they were superb. Chicken and beef was moist, topped then with some delicious guacamole and cheese. They also put coupons in all the Val-paks and town shopper ads :) Price and menu were similar to other American-Mexican places, they may have a few more items than others. Would def go back!笑
I would go there more but the place smells bad. They use some kind of disinfectant or something to clean their tables with oder permeates the entire restaurant. The food by and large is good nothing spectacular but good. The margaritas seem kind of haphazard I like mine with salt and you can barely see the salt on the rim of the glass. My frozen margarita was watery.笑
Went on Cinco de Mayo...packed of course.  I have been to the Si Señor in Kamm's Corners.  I like the decor and ambience at the Kamm's Corners location better but the food at the Broadview location tasted better.  Damn, their salsa is so good.  Mild with nice cilantro flavor.  Fast, friendly service.笑
Solid Mexican restaurant in Parma/Broadview Hts.

Mostly everything I have tried has been good.  The salsa is more smooth than chunky (positive) and always comes with warm fresh chips. The house special menu never disappoints. The food always comes out quickly (less than 10 min after you order) even when the restaurant is full. 

While i've been going here almost bi-monthly for years i've noticed some recent changes, mostly in staffing.  The usual servers have been slowly being replaced by some sub-par employees.  Some of which aren't always friendly or welcoming.  That's not to say you shouldn't stop in because you should if you're looking for good food.  Service however is sometimes hit or miss.

I would say that this comes in third in the best Mexican restaurants in the Cleveland area.  It follows Cozumel (2nd) and Momocho (1st).笑
Authentic Mexican restaurant with good ingredients. Would come again and would recommend very tasty!!!!!  Fire means fire here!    Service is excellent.    I  believe the waiter was back 10 times in a half hour.笑
Si Señor is a Mexican restaurant that's popular with locals. The menu is different than usual Mexican restaurants with very few combinations and mostly unique dishes. My quesadilla was good but included many ingredients not listed on the menu. The queso was delicious but the rice was bland, truly flavorless. It's not my favorite Mexican restaurant but the service was quick and the prices were reasonable.笑
Crap service. I placed a delivery order and they just canceled without even telling me. Once I called to find out where it was they told me their driver didn't want to come out and deliver but I could come pick it up. Why offer delivery if you don't actually WANT to deliver?笑
One of my fave date night restaurants. The service is amazingly fast and the food is good. Some of the best free chips and salsa. They have a fun patio and the music is upbeat. The meals are very cheap, but the quality is high. Highly recommended!笑
Love love love. Texana margaritas are great and you can bring your pup to the patio!!笑
A few months back my wife and I spotted Si Senor on Broadview and we just knew we would eventually make our way into the restaurant. It's advertised as authentic Mexican cuisine and I won't disagree with them. Upon entering the atmosphere seemed authentic. Mexican music, proper lighting older looking tables. But enough about that, we were greeted and seated. Immediately upon being seated we were brought chips and salsa which were pretty good. The best thing is that they have a common kids menu with both Mexican and classic dishes just in case you have a picky eater (as we do)

Their menu is pretty large. Fajitas, tacos, enchiladas. All of the classic Mexican dishes. I ordered tacos de asada, my wife ordered steak and shrimp fajitas. From ordering to being served the service was fast and friendly, the food arrived hot, and the flavors? Aw man their refried beans are delicious. My youngest even enjoyed his enchilada. The best thing about Si Senor is I believe they're family owned. It feels family owned from their friendly service to the flavors of their food. If anyone drives by si Senor I suggest you stop in. They won't disappoint笑
This is my third time dining here and I had to write in because reviews don't give credit where it is absolutely due. The service is quick, efficient and to the point. They have redone the entire interior and exterior and it is always extremely clean. I ordered the fajitas and my girlfriend the chimichangas. Both were fresh and flavorful. I think some of the hipsters on yelp need to realize they're not paying big money when they walk through the doors and to expect just what si señor's advertises.. authentic Mexican cuisine. 

As far as the food being bland I find this to be false. The flavor comes from the main ingredients and if you want to spice things up feel free to use one of their hot sauces. Otherwise, as in the case of my fajitas, the flavor of chicken, green bell peppers, sweet onion, guacamole, beans, cheese and sour cream with a dash of hot sauce left me satisfied. The portions are large and come out quickly.

If you want authentic classical Mexican look no further this place is awesome. Well done si señor I look forward to stopping back soon and can't wait for the weather to warm back up to enjoy one too many pitchers of margaritas. The bottom line: Try this place out if you aren't a stiff and enjoy classical Mexican!笑
Its a day-glo orange building!! That should be worth a three star rating alone.
Okay seriously, nice size menu about sixty lunch/dinner options.  Unless you are with the person who can not decide easily.  Serve was very good, but Monday was a very slow day here.

The salsa was very mild and white cheese dip very really thin and had little peppers mixed in it.  The texana margarita was very much worth extra dollar.  The selections in my party all were prepared well and large portions.  The enchilladas racheros had a nice mole sauce on them with cheese and onions (mole sauce could have been a little stronger flavor and more sauce too).  The two chicken were better than the two ground beef.  They serve a burrito fajita that is the size of a large plate, its about the size of a loaf of bread and does not come with anything else, but lots of chicken.  The regular burritos meal were covered with roja sauce and plenty of food to take home.  The mexican rice is a little different with peas and more seasoning.  

Definitely worth another stop, kept thinking about supa poblana.  Never had it but sounds good. Most lunchs were $5.99 and dinners $9-14.笑
Not the best.  Seem to cater to the biker crowd.  Cheese inside the burrito was cold while the outside was hot.  I think they nuked the food that was pre made and chilled then microwaved.  I can microwave food at home.笑
very good place, the servers are the best..food is very good drink are as well!! I go here on a regular basis!笑
Awesome to have such an Authentic Mexican Restaurant nearby!
The Staff is Super, Food comes out Fast and is Terrific. We have tried many different menu offerings and all have been Superb! The Fajitas de la Casa are our favorite! Don't forget to try the Margaritas!!!笑
Your standard Mexican restaurant. I swear these places all get their food from the same supplier. It wasn't bad but i won't be going back. Whoever said anything off this menu was "divine" was a retart.笑
Food was very bland.  the restaurant was a bit smoky as people ordered fajita & there was nowhere for the fajita smoke to ventilate.  

My real problem though was not with the food or the atmosphere, but the staff.  As soon as I revealed that I had a groupon, the staff's attitude drastically changed toward me.  The bill came $2 short of the groupon value which was $20.  We were then told we were not allowed to use the groupon because we didn't spend at least $20.  We told the server to add a soft drink or two to our bill to bump up the price.  She then told us she couln't because the groupon did not cover soft drinks (I then pointed out that nowhere on the groupon did this state that was the case & only alcohol was not included.)  The server then called the manager who repeated the sentiment.  I pointed out the same thing to him & told him the groupon was at least worth the $10 I paid, which he had no repsonse to.  We also told them to just make our bill $20 to even everything out without giving us anything for the extra couple dollars but they refused to do even that!  Finally I was able to talk them into accepting our groupon.

I will definitely NOT be returning to this place.  Even if this situation did not happen, you will find better mexican food down the street at Cozumel, just as another yelper said.笑
Just picked up nachos to go with salsa on the side so they didn't get soggy on the 3 minute trip home...got home...no cheese in the $12 nachos...very disapointed...how can  you have nachos with no cheese....not very happy at all....totally overpriced as well.笑
I go here frequently with family, and we all love it.  My favorite thing is enchiladas, especially spinach.  The charro beans, a side, are divine.  And the margaritas really pack a wallop.笑
I thought I'd go try some burrito, queso, etc. the potions are good. Yet the meat and chicken seemed low quality and lacked authentic Mexican flavor. The lunch prices are good but I'd rather pay 2 or 3 bucks more for a Chipotle or Qdoba. Salsa was run of the mill stuff and the queso was real thin.笑
As far as Mexican food in Northeastern Ohio goes.. This is pretty good. This would never make it in LA or other markets that have real authentic places to eat, but the food was good. The staff was very attentive and nice. It was very clean and the decor was pleasant.
I ordered a dish that the server recommended. It was 10 cheese and jalapeno stuffed jumbo shrimp wrapped in bacon and served abed fajita vegetables. Basically it was a fajita. The Charro beans which come with the meal were fantastic, unless you don't like bacon .. in which case you are an idiot for ordering this meal. I was concerned at first when ordering it that it wouldn't be enough food... I can eat.. The server assured me it was a healthy portion and it most definitely was. I could only eat half. Fantastic dish. My girlfriend had the fajita taco salad. The crispy bowl that it came in was bland and tasted almost like multigrain crackers. The fajitas were so "wet" that is made the salad more like soup. I was surprised that the salad did not come with rice in it which would have soaked up a lot of the moisture, making the salad a little more eatable. I dont think this salad was well thought out. The restaurant is new and there are things they will need to learn and improve on. I see potential.. Not Mi Pueblo potential.. but i think they will do well in the area. 
My meal was fantastic and i would go back for a second try. The chips and salsa were really good and if you just go for those and drinks, you will be pleased. I would not suggest the Fajita taco salad though... I did think the restaurant was a little pricey for "that" style Mexican food and i will probably wait a while to return for a second try. 
These kind of places take a while to find their groove. Being that the failure rate of new restaurants is 50% in the first 2 years, they better hurry up and find that groove.笑
The food here is pretty much equivalent with any other "Mexican" food I've ever had, but I have no complaints.  The setup of the restaurant itself was a bit different than I've ever seen (due to the fact that it was a Wendy's prior to turning into Sí Señor).  The server was friendly and very attentive, everyone's food was served to them exactly as ordered (and at lightning-fast speed...how do they do that?), and the regular frozen margaritas were fantastic.  They didn't taste like the super sugary mix out of the bottle, and the day I went, pitchers were $13.99.  Good value.  Food portions were good, prices were reasonable, and for some reason we were each given a free shot of tequila.  ¡Olé!笑
This was my first visit. My expectations after viewing the menu on online exceeded my actual experience. The food was OK, but lacked depth of flavor. I knew from the first taste of the salsa that the food would lack the true flavor of Mexican cuisine. I will continue my quest to find Mexican food as good as my dad's home cooking.笑
I came here on a Tuesday with a group of friends for their $1 taco night. Okay I have heard some not so good things about this place to begin with but I was actually surprised at how terrible it was. First of all, the guys who work here seemed to barely speak English, I know it's a Mexican restaurant but you would think they could at least understand what I'm trying to order. But nope they got my order completely wrong. And all I ordered was two soft shell chicken tacos. Instead they gave me two hard shell one beef one chicken. I ended up just eating them because the waiter couldn't understand anything I was saying. They were probably the worst tacos I've ever had, like microwave tacos that were soggy and cold. The plate and silverware also seemed dirty. The plate looked like it had old food crusted all over it. The whole restaurant seemed like it hadn't been cleaned in quite a while. I don't recommend ever coming here. Bad service, not clean, and the food makes me nervous.笑
No beuno! Food was very bland. The fajitas came out so hot the entire bottom burned. All of us were unimpressed. The only good thing seemed to be the margaritas. The music was obnoxious and too loud, and the staff seems completely out of it. No water was brought to us, and we had to ask for everything. I just read the other review and almost puked in my mouth as I sit here wondering what awaits my stomach. I am scared about the salsa and am about to do a shot of pepto just in case. Yikes.笑
We dined in at Si Senor as a family of 5 on Saturday. The food was as good as always, even though one of my children always gets a non-Mexican children's meal. There were many leftovers although I somehow managed to finish the generously portioned carnitas - they were very good, crispy, sauced, a little smoky, tender and delicious.  Our waiter did a good job of realizing the order error (it's hard for a server to know if the inside of a burrito is right before serving) and although my daughter was prepared to eat it anyhow he made sure to ask us and get it replaced, very quickly. 

Food is good, service is good and pretty fast. Chips and salsa were good and the drink specials are always pretty good. This is not a large place and we have never come when it was empty but we also have never had bad service or disappointing food. We have eaten there quite a few times and I am very comfortable with recommending it to friends and family.笑
Attentive service. Decent (americanized) Mexican food (which I happen to love). Easy to get in and out of the parking lot and decent amount of parking.笑
Food was bad service was worse, it took 18 minutes to even get a dink and 43 minutes to get our food.  Server was a sarcastic prick when I asked for the rest of my food, as I didn't get the other half of the fajita plate or wraps until I asked for them. Bottom line is I will not be earring here again, and I'd suggest you avoid it too.笑
NOT LGBTQ FRIENDLY!!!   
Sadly, I can't talk about the food or the drinks here because our server said "hola señoas" as he approached the table my boyfriend and I were occupying to take our order.   I asked him: "you mean señores?"  And he said yeah, yeah with a chuckle. So we left.  

We can say that the salsa tastes jarred not fresh. 

Thanks "Si, Señor ( ironic) for the worst service ever in the fastest way.笑
Mediocre is probably the best word to describe this place. It looks like every other Tex-Mex place in the world. I ordered a margarita and it came with a shot of tequila dumped over it. I wasn't sure if that was an extra shot or if they just served me a snow cone until they manually added the shot. All I wanted was a decent margarita after a long day. The chips were okay and the salsa was pleasantly spicy. My entree - the chipotle chicken - was supposed to be spicy but had no zing of spices at all. The rice was good and the beans were very good. My wife got a  guacamole salad - ribbons of iceberg lettuce with a scoop of guacamole on it. Not the best place by far - and not the worst I have ever had. I want to give it three stars but that actually is being generous. I am not a hater nor a push over. But you can undoubtedly find a lot better place if you try.笑
First time being there, and it was delicious. Had the Si Señor Special which was fantastic. The enchilada was my favorite part of the dish. The service was great, and quick. Overall good experience and I would definitely go back.笑
We go here about once a week. The specials on drinks are nice. The food is good to excellent. My new favorite dish is the Chimichangas.  I would put this in the top 5 in the area. Service is great. Waiters/waitresses are very nice.笑
Whats more romantic than tacos on valentines day? 

While everybody was having Italian i decided that my valentines day would consist of tacos and rice and everything in between. I have passed Si Senor multiple times and finally convinced hubby to stop in.

First, the outside looks small, but its actually pretty comfortable inside. Its decorated with "authentic" mexican decor. Lots of loud colors and bottles of Jarritos and Corona. My waiter had a crazy mustache which made me excited for the food ( im weird).

We immediately got served some chips and salsa, drink orders taken. I was impressed with the speed of service.

I celebrated v-day with a nice big pina colada...i swear there was enough alcohol in there for me to be completely sterile afterwards. It was only $6 so i cant complain because i sure got my moneys worth.

I ordered the Fiesta De La Casa which was shrimp, steak and chicken fajitas. They came out PIPPING hot, and super fresh. I was pleased with the amount i was given for the price.  We also got some chimichangas and enchiladas. All in all the food was seasoned with authenticity, served on hot plates which allowed you to enjoy your food before it got cold. 

From sit down to finish it was about an hour which on V-day is AWESOME sauce! I would be back just because the service and staff were great, the food was good and resonably priced.笑
For a Mexican restaurant in Parma (7 hills, but gimme a break here), this is a solid option. 

Of course, don't expect anything authentic (heck, if it was authentic, I wouldn't have known the difference, but the sysco truck out back erased any of my doubts). 

Housed in a former Wendy's, this sit-down place with a few tv's, a bar replacing wendy's service counter, was slow - only 5 tables filled (?) during a recent weekday lunch hour visit. 

The service was ok, normal for any casual sit-down place. I didn't have any negative service issues that others mentioned. The Tortilla chips were warm and came without asking immediately after we sat down. The salsa was extremely mild, tomato paste based, but there were a few bottles of various hot sauces. Drinks were refilled. 

The flautita - I guess it's a taquito ? - with shredded beef and chicken were a tad burned at the ends but still tasty. I enjoyed the mexirice, not greasy. 

If you know anything about Mexican food, ignore me. But, if you're looking for something more flavorful than whatever is it at Appleland or your american chain places in Parma, this is an option.笑
Stopped in tonight on a recommendation.  The salsa had almost no flavor and was nothing more than watery tomato sauce. Ordered the carnitas. The rice had NO flavor, the beans had almost no flavor and the pork might as well had been pot roast. No flavor, no sauce, no nice crispy fried crust, no moisture at all. The "pico de gallo" was chopped tomatoes and onions with a sprinkle of parsley. To add insult to injury, they crammed all the diners into one little section instead of spreading us out so I got to listen to my neighbors conversation the whole time while 3/4's of the restaurant remained empty. The final straw was when, halfway through our meal, a server cleaned the table next to us with a towell soaked in full strength cleaner, not the most appealing smell. Will never go back and if you like good mexican food, you will stear clear of this place.