I thought this place was way better and fresher tasting than Panda Express. I didn't know what to expect walking in but walking out I gotta say I was pretty satisfied. The lunch specials are decently priced especially for the amount of food they give you. Gotta recommend this place over any Panda Express any day.笑
Great customer service, fast delivery, good clean delicious food. We ordered over 7 meals a half an hour before they closed and everything was great. It's not easy finding a good Chinese delivery restaurant in the Avondale area so we are happy this one is around.笑
The restaurant is very clean from the floors to the kitchen. Staff in clean red polos and friendly and fast. 
The quality of the food was outstanding. The Sinaloence had the Wor Wonton soup and she slurped it up happily. My Egg Foo Young was great. Kudos to China Red Cafe.笑
I went to China Red Café due to all of the good reviews I saw on here. I don't understand how so many people had such great experiences there. I was charged wrong on accident due to price confusion on both my part, and the employee that helped me. The manager forced him to ask me for the extra dollar. I use to work food and I believe that it was a petty thing of her to do, especially with how much I just paid. I tried to dispute the extra charge and reconcile my overall high bill, but the manager just confused me further and honestly pissed me off so I stuck with my original order. I consider this place expensive, with it being almost twenty dollars for just an order of beef broccoli and a side of fried rice. There are a couple of positives though, the guy that helped me was cool and helpful. I also received my food quickly too. There are cheaper Asian restaurants around the area that serve better food, more efficiently and without leaving a bad taste in your mouth.笑
This place has really gone downhill. You get a LOT of food if you enjoy 
eating garbage. Never again!笑
HIGHLY RECOMEND THIS PLACE

Our family have been regulars at Red China Cafe for the last year. We have been to all the asian restraunts in the area. This place beats them all. We were waiting for a quality asian place to come to the West Valley. The staff is very attentive and friendly. It is a family owned business. Casual dinning. The portions a very generous. We have tried everything on the menu and found that everything tastes great. I am not a soup guy and the soups are to die for. The quality and portion size make it a great value. The cooks are very accomodating to what you want. I usually get the vegetable Chow mein.  Great Service.笑
Yum!  This place is great and has generous size portions. We had the sesame chicken and it was delish!  Super fresh too!  All of our food was fresh and hot and the staff was friendly. We will come back for sure!笑
This place offers HUGE portions, you really get the bang for your buck! A dinner combo will leave me with at least two lunches for the following days. Combos are available for lunch and dinner with soup, egg roll, and crab puffs. Dinner combo comes with fried rice AND chow mein which my husband appreciates, although I prefer white rice anyways. Orange chicken is wonderful and a family favorite. Broccoli chicken is a delicious sauce. Singapore mein fun is a great dish you should try if you like curry noodles. The noodles are very thin, comes with pork and shrimp. I like it extra spicy, it's a must try!笑
The employees are kind and the portions are beyond generous (I took at least half of my orange chicken home), but the food itself was kind of mediocre. 

In summary, I wasn't impressed with the taste, but due to the kindness of the staff and their large portion sizes, I'll probably return to try a different item on the menu sometime.笑
I've been to many Chinese restaurants in my years, and by far this is the best Chinese food I've had in Arizona! I've been going here for the past 2 years and have tried just about their entire menu. Their portions are large, their flavor is incredible, and to top it off, they have military discount! My top recommendations would be their House Fried Rice, Walnut Shrimp, Salt and Spicy Chicken, and of course the Orange Chicken. The only thing that I want more from them is if I could have all of these at once! It's so tough to just have one.笑
I've been here once an it was decent, i didnt like the food as much as other chinese restaurants like the on 1 mile down from here by bashas called tasty asian kitchen, that place has a lot better quality of food. The food quality here is big portions but the taste is not so well, i recommend going to Tastys down by on camelback an dysart for more dine in take out an better quality food.笑
Great fast food when your on the go! I did not have much time for lunch today. My co-workers suggested we buy from this place. I didn't know what to expect, but i placed a order. They came back with a big container of food, soup and a egg roll. Great food for a low price.笑
It's not just another Chinese  restaurant they have the best orange chicken that I've ever had. Even my kids whom are picky eaters love the lo mein. They deliver and are quick with the orders. Best place that I've tried in the area for sure.笑
Tried something new here yesterday. Ordered the House Chicken entree (came with steamed rice) and plain chow mein. Picked it up on my way home from work. It was a ton of food and the bag was heavy! I liked the flavor of the House Chicken (just a little spice) but was disappointed that the breading was so soggy. I'm guessing it's because they put it in the to go container while it was still hot so the steam really affected the texture of the chicken. Too bad. I liked the chow mein but didn't much care for the steamed rice.笑
Terrible service from the beginning since we could not sub tofu for meat on the lunch menu, lame! Then after taking the food home our daughter found a long hair in her soup right after she opened it...disaster!Never again.笑
The sweet n sour is good and great prices but the batter on the chicken is to starchy and I get sick feeling after. Good soup and the rest笑
Favorite Chinese restaurant I've ever had. Portion sizes are huge and very reasonable. My favorites are the wonton soup with noodles and the pineapple chicken (it has a little kick!) the service is always super fast and friendly and the place is very clean. It's become a weekly favorite and comes highly recommended!笑
Fantastic food.  We picked up the order to go and it was ready and hot. Next time I will eat it there. The best do far and staff was friendly and efficient.  Coming from Seattle this is best we have had.笑
A standard Chinese joint, not bad not great, reliable delivery. Fried rice and soups are quite good, but the kung pao shrimp I ordered tastes a little funky. Mongolian beef was excellent. It's convenient because I live close by, but I wouldn't go out of my way for it笑
Pretty good food, great service, good prices, easy take out and a lot of food options. This place has been my go-to Chinese place for awhile now.

Though I finally got around to trying the egg foo young today and that wasn't good at all. Stay away from that and enjoy!笑
The taste of the food could be better. The portion sizes are amazing!! I am going to have to opt out from coming back to this place. The reason being that the dinner and lunch options are served in the traditional styrafoam box. That being said I'm going to opt out of every restaurant that uses those boxes. Tonight as I was eating my dinner I could taste the chemicals from the styrafoam that leeched into my food. Due to the high food temperatures this is the result. So folks do your research IF your health matters to you, if not then die slowly.笑
I have tried every Chinese Restaurant in the valley in search of what I was accustomed to back east, and without a doubt this is the best.  Incredible portion sizes.笑
Amazing!!!!!! Best Chinese food ever.  Delivery is fast and friendly.  You will not be disappointed.笑
This was my firat time here but my BF and son have been here before.  I ordered the Walnut Shrimp with extra cabbage.  This was delicious!  The shrimp was very lightly breaded which means it was not heavy and greasy.  The sauce was light and not too sweet. This was probably my fav version of this dish. 

I gave it 3 stars because the order took over 40 min to get to us and we live 1 mile down the road.  We called 30 min into it to make sure they got the order. Others have complained about this so we will no longer use delivery.  Alao, the fried won tons and shrimp as part of the appetizer  combo was filled with grease.  We couldnt eat them.  The beef on a stick was devine as well as the spring rolls.笑
Sesame beef. I love it! It's so good! I have no complaints, fast and courteous service. They are polite and thorough. I wish I could recommend other menu items, but I love the sesame beef and the house fried rice so much I can't order anything else! It's so good!!!笑
Great place ,huge portions , I have never been disappointed except for once in the almond chicken. It did not have much flavor but everything else I have ordered is always been very good. Kudos to their Chow Fun . I like the comination dish. My boyfriend and I eat here at least once a week. Only thing I don't like is that they close early especially on the weekends.笑
I came here on based on other Yelp reviews on my road trip from California to Louisiana. Once again, Yelp did not disappoint.

I got the Mongolian beef dinner special to go. It came with fried or steamed rice + chow mein + soup + Mogolian beef (of course). That box probably weighed 4 pounds. So for $8.50, you definitely get your money's worth in quantity. As far as quality, the Mongolian beef had way too many onions cut up in there, but the beef itself was great. 

A restaurant is just as much about service as it is about food. Service was fast and friendly. So all in all, 5 stars.

If you are local, the lunch special is only $5.25 which is a great deal!笑
Great prices and huge portions!  Love it! and they deliver笑
Another fast delivery and my two friends of asian descent said it was good-not great or craveable but having delivery makes it desirable. 3 1/2 stars, rice could be better.笑
Compared to the rest of the other Chinese restaurants around the area this is by far the best one I found. The prices are reasonable and a decent amount of food portion served.笑
The food here is great and tasty! But not the best customer service. Workers seem they don't care imo!笑
An hour and a half for delivery and I live less than a quarter a mile away. Just no. When we called they said is was taking long because it was raining. OUR ORDER NEVER EVEN CAME! No call no nothing. Good thing we were willing to drive to Wok Wey. This place is ridiculous.笑
Came to this place because of Yelp reviews but I honestly wish I had just gone home and ate what I already had there! I'm from southern California so it's really hard to find two good things to eat here in AZ and that's authentic Mexican food (excluding Don Panchos as they have a pretty bomb shredded beef burrito) and Chinese food. I purchased the pot stickers and shrimp fried rice. The pot stickers lacked flavor big time! The sauce it came with didn't help as that didn't taste well on its own either. The shrimp fried rice was bland, however there was a good amount of jumbo shrimp inside for the price. What I DID like about this place is the convenience to order online as the website was very simple. That's about it. Money wasted on poor tasting food.笑
We had come here several times before, decent food with ginormous portions but unfortunately I got food poisoning from either the egg soup or sesame chicken. We won't be returning anymore :/笑
A lot of food for the money that taste good. Service is good and they appear to be grateful for the business.笑
Came late evening with a friend and split hot and sour soup and mongolian beef. Both were decent food at a decent price. Nothing great about the place but the staff were polite and helpful, food was brought out in a timely manner and it was a good value.笑
Lunch Specials are recommended! generous portions and very tasty. Egg drop soup was awesome!! will definitely be back soon.笑
I order on this app for pick up! I love this food! The portions are big and they come with a side of white rice! The place is very clean, and the staff is nice! My children love this food!笑
Been here several times and the food is consistently good.  Staff is friendly and my order is always right. Orange chicken is good and low mein excellent.  

Don't think they have alcohol and it's more take out than dine in, but servings are generous and good.

Support a local business.笑
Best Fried Rice in the West Valley. Best food actually. Everything is very, very good. Love et!笑
The food was so bland. I ordered the cashew tofu and the tofu was cold and the food was so flavorless. Normally cashew tofu has a ton of flavor and the tofu is fried. Here its just dumped from the box into the bowl. No heat and no flavor.笑
My kids and I loved it!!!!!!!!!!
The food was great, the servers were awesome! I like the food here, they have great portions and my favorite is the green bean chicken! :o)
I definitely recommend this place...笑
No thank you. 

Positives:
The portions were large. 

Negatives:
I'm very surprised how much we disliked this food with all the good reviews we saw. However I must confirm, yeah we hated it.  I am not one to give a bad review since I know it's a reflection on the restaurant.. but this food was not good in any way shape or form.  

I got the chicken teriyaki and my husband got the beef teriyaki.  My chicken was tender but the flavor was very bland with a twist of plain gross. The beef was very rubbery. I didn't care for the rice at all.  The spring roll was horrible. The wonton was alright. The soup? I couldn't bring myself to eat it. Nor could I bring myself to eat my chicken. I shared my husbands beef.  It appears to have hit our stomach as neither one of us feel well at the moment. I am not one to do this, but I had to throw out my food after a few bites.  Again, was surprised since it got good reviews from others. 

I would not recommend going here.笑
The pad Thai is the only thing I can eat here due to food allergies and it's delicious. They give you a TON of food! The pad Thai comes with chicken and big shrimp and I love the sauce. It has a unique flavor to me... Almost like a smoky flavor or something. I recommend the pad Thai here for sure!笑
I came here on a whim . I was very surprised . Place was clean . Kitchen is exposed and very clean . The biggest surprise was the food . The dinner portion is huge and tasted great more like gourmet Chinese. Will go back again笑
the best I've ever had...If you like Chinese food you have to give this place a go. You won't be disappointed.笑
Saturday was my 2nd time to this place. Great food, one of the best I've found in Az.  Highly recommend!笑
I have to admit ... I am really picky when it comes to Chinese food but I have to admit I LOVE this place! Been there for lunch/dinner maybe 20 times, and have never had a bad visit. The service borders on amazing. The food is good, and the portions are generous. You will have leftovers for days. You get so much food for your money

The prices are so inexpensive  for such quality/quantity/service, it will keep you coming back for more.  You have to try the crab puffs...pork fried rice.. and orange chicken.. they are to die for!!笑
So we ate here 2 times and the food is good but we couldn't understand why we were weren't feeling well after eating. My husband was feeling dizzy so I called and asked if they cook with MSG. The man said yes they do use MSG in all their food.  Well we will not be going back. Just because something tastes good it surely isn't worth feeling terrible after. Don't eat here if you are not able to consume MSG. You will regret it after when your feeling sick.笑
China Red has some of the best Chinese that I have ever tasted. Everything tasted fresh and we had leftovers for days because the portion sizes were huge. The sweet and sour sauce could have used more seasoning, but it wasn't bad. I'm not a huge fan of egg drop soup, but the egg drop here was absolutely delicious. The fried rice was also great - it wasn't dry like I've experienced elsewhere. I never order egg rolls from restaurants because they're always best homemade and this still rings true. The filling was mostly cabbage, soggy, previously frozen cabbage to boot, but it came free with the order. Our dinner was also delivered about 15 minutes earlier than expected so that was an added bonus. We will definitely be ordering from China Red again!笑
Tasted really good! Although, it does have that MSG. Great value too, 3 huge entrees  egg rolls under 20$笑
New to the area and wanted Chinese for dinner so...after yelp reviews decided on this place. 
We ordered dinner combos which came to a little over  $30 for 3. We should have only ordered 2. It was waaaay more food than we needed for 2 meals. And that is including one teenage boy! 
The food was ok. Not bad. Not great. I like fresh food and dont like processed fast food so this isnt exactly my type of place but good enough for the price. I would recommend if u have a group to feed. Just order less than you think cuz the portions are huge!笑
Wow I was really surprised how bad the food was with all the good reviews. We got sweet and sour chicken, orange chicken and the app for 2. My GF who generally likes most food didn't like the orange chicken at all. I tried it didn't care for it myself either. Would prefer panda over here. The sweet and sour chicken was not edible the sauce was bland and the chicken looked and tasted like it was overcook and cooked in old oil. As for the app plate not much better. Beef on a stick tasted like the fried shrimp it came with again very bland. The one thing I will say is the pork fried rice wasn't to bad. But they won't let you upgrade steamed rice to pork fried rice so had to get it separate. Even asked to upgrade for a charge and was told no. All for nothing won't waste my hard earned cash here again.笑
China red to cafe is great! Great tasting food with huge portions and very reasonable prices. Kung pao chicken is very good, house chow fun noodles also are very good  with beef, chicken, and shrimp . Quick services too. They will accommodate reasonable menu change requests too.笑
Just moved to area and ordered 3 dinners for our family of four. Tons of food. We had leftovers for days. All the meals we very tasty and quick delivery. Will be ordering again.笑
LOVE LOVE LOVE CHINA RED CAFE. Literally my favorite Chinese restaurant ever. My friends and I go there so often that the lady knows our faces and our order when we walk in. We always order the Salt and Spicy Chicken and the Beef Chow Fun. So good and HUGE portions so we just pick off each other's boxes. Will never stop loving this place. Also! Delivery is pretty fast and convenient and the same guy always greets us so we make sure to shift off who greets him at the door so they don't think we are too obsessed ;)笑
I have been here a few times now and never disappointed. Price is about right for the area. Food Was very good. Crab puffs are the best in the area.笑
My new favorite Chinese restaurant in the area! They offer delivery too for $2 - which will be great when I'm too lazy to drive in the Summer heat.

Fresh, hot delicious food! Good portions and reasonable prices! Lunch is cheap - $5.25 for entree, rice, egg roll, crab puff, and soup.

They seem to get a lot of take-out orders, at least the food isn't just sitting around, which I always worry about with Chinese restaurants. 

Located in the Albertson's shopping center behind McDonald's. Yay! I'm a fan!笑
We decided to give this place a try after moving into the area.  We had a place a little bit farther out that we have been going to for years so we were skeptical.  This has become our new place for Chinese takeout.  Great food, AMAZING portions, and decent prices.  Service is always fast.  We've tried several things on the menu and haven't been disappointed yet. I'd recommend them.笑
This is probably one of the best places to eat Chinese food they give u so much food for a good price and it taste delicious. Anyone who likes Chinese food needs to try this place very good.笑
Very good food and lightening fast delivery. The portions are big enough for leftovers.笑
They give you a lot of food! Also it's great that they will make chow mein without veggies for our picky 10 year old. Sometimes the meals are tastier than others (cooks are not consistent). The staff is always fast and friendly. Happy to support this small business over Panda Express or PFChangs.笑
We recently moved into the area. We neded to find a new Chinese take out restaurant so we 1st tried the one closest to home and it was ok, decent  (not naming names). So we decided to try the next one that was close and had great reviews. We are SOooo happy we tried this restaurant. Everything we ordered was delicious! The portions were very fair but most important is the flavor. We have found our place!笑
This place is kind of like a Panda Express, just a little better. The cashier who took my order was very polite and informative which was nice. I ordered the Kung Pao Chicken dinner combo which come with rice, chow mein, a spring roll, wontons and soup. The soup they give you is egg drop soup so I asked to have hot and sour soup which is like an exrta .75 or maybe a dollar? No big deal there. Food came it was hot and tasted good. The soup though was very sour, I have never had super sour hot and sour soup before so it through me off a little. It's still good though, just not what I am use to. I think the prices are decent for the amount of food you're getting. It's definitely not top notch traditional Chinese food, so I wouldn't get overly excited. Just know what you're getting.

In short, it's good food for what you're paying for. The service was quick and friendly. I gave them four stars because for a quick take out place the food was good, and the service was even better. I will be coming back when I went a quick Chinese food fix.笑
I have been here many times.  The best Chinese place on this side of town.  Always fresh and very fast service.  Wonderful employees.笑
I love the food at the China Red Cafe.  It is always very tasty and of good quality.   While they have a few tables set up for in store dining, the big business for them is take out.  My only complaint is that it is so hot inside the cafe that it is not pleasurable to eat there.  But take it home, you won't be sorry笑
Where my Yelpers at? I trust you all (some more than others :)) in aiding me in my food choices but dang, we must not have eaten at the same China Red Café. Based off the four star review and the fact that they are close to my house, I elected to give them a try. Now mind you, I LOVEEEEEEE CHINESE and WONGS off of 107th Ave and Indian School has my heart but I was just not wanting the drive today and I pay dearly for my decision.  

I stopped in at China Red Cafe and picked up the chicken teriyaki lunch combo for my wife and beef teriyaki combo for myself.  After paying less than $15 for everything and feeling the weight of my meal, I was super excited to get home and give it a try. Now note, this was my splurge meal for the week and I was not going to be hard to please. This guy just wanted some decent Chinese. 

Once home, I busted out the dishes and they looked okay. Each dish came with egg drop soup, a fried spring roll, a crab wonton, and the entrée with brown rice.  My wife immediately tried the chicken and rice and gave me a look of disgust. She informed me how bad it was and I thought that it surely could not be that bad.  After a bite of hers, I had to admit that she was right.  The taste just could not be explained. All I can say was that it was BAD.  As for my entrée, the beef had a very odd texture and it too had a taste you just could not put your finger on. After giving her a little of mine since hers was far more inedible, we gave up on both.  Now for the rest......the soup was okay at best....the crab wonton was pretty good, and the spring roll, oh the spring roll. Once again, I can not begin to explain the flavor. It was awful! My stomach rang the, "I am ill bell" for about an hour. 

In closing, I have no idea why it was all so bad. How can you screw up such basic dishes? I, being frugal at times, had NO issues whatsoever with my wife tossing the dishes out. As good as the prices and sizes were, what is the point if you are going to toss them in the garbage?  I never like to give bad reviews, but sometimes places just earned it. I KNEW I should have gone to my Wongs to get amazing Chinese.  As my father always told me, "Being lazy never pays." I got that lesson loud and clear today.笑
The food tasted great and the price was awesome.  Their lunch specials are only $5 and come with enough food for two.  Dinner specials are only $8 and come with even more.  Highly recommend!笑
This is our go to for Chinese food . When we first moved to the area we were looking for a new place to get Chinese since the place we always went to was too far now . Good food and can't beat the prices we always get the sesame chicken dinner combo and it feeds 3of us . Also they are always so fast when I order for pickup and good customer service . The only thing I wish were better is the egg rolls.笑
I eat here at leat twice a week! You get whay you pay for and more. the customer service is amazing, always fast and friendly. The food is the best chinese food i have had so far. This place is so good it hs ruined me for all other chinese food places! The crab puffs and seasme chicken are the best things on the menu and the lunch specials are to die for! I recommend this to everyone I know and everyone out there!笑
I am so disappointed in this place. We read all the reviews and were so excited to find a good Chinese food place near our new home. This was not it. We ordered the sesame chicken and the beef with broccoli since we had little kids with us and that seemed like a safe bet. The broccoli beef was completely awful. It was hardly recognizable as beef when you took a bite because the beef was "squishy". The sesame chicken was mediocre at best, it was so sweet that I could only eat a few bites. I figured this place was supposed to be a step up from Panda Express, but right now I sure wish I had chosen Panda! I am only giving it 2 stars because the counter staff seemed pleasant enough and the place was clean.笑
Best Chinese near Luke AFB so far. Portions are huge and everything I've tried so far has been awesome!笑
Best Chinese food on the west side. It's fast, healthy, freshly prepared, and flavorful. The last time I was there, they gave me a beautifully bound Chinese calendar. Great staff, good food!笑
I'm new to the West Valley and this is the 4th or 5th Chinese place I have tried. It is by far the best of the small handful I've sampled. 

The key to this place is the fact that they make your dish fresh when you order. It is piping hot and fresh every time. 

The best dish I've had is the spicy orange chicken!!! I've also had the general, sweet and sour, and sesame. The general was a touch on the bland side. The other 2 dishes were spot on. 

You can't beat the lunch prices, around 6 dollars for a generous serving of your entree, rice, soup, an egg roll, and a crab puff.笑
Always consistently fresh.  I love the location, being right down the street from my apartment.  I have called in orders or have gone in and ordered.  They don't speak the greatest English but I think that comes with the atmosphere.  They give good portions for decent prices and also have a good casual family atmosphere.笑
Man I love this place. It's your typical Asian american cuisine, you can order online, delivery is fast. Salt and spices chicken is great, I also really like the fried rice. Good portions too. Love the sizzling rice soup I get it almost every time. I wish I could order some right now!笑
Pretty sure I wrote a review but since I can't find it will write another! Have tried Chinese restaurants all over this area, had a favourite place when lived in Colorado and California! I was thinking I would never find any here until we found China Red. Only one dish here has disappointed me and that's almond or cashew chicken, it's just not great! But having said that everything else is great, we mostly have lunch there because we eat lunch as the big meal of the day! The price is great, always leave full and the food is made fresh and hot! My favourite is beef and green beans, hubby likes chicken chow main! Wish I could get vegetable noodles instead of fried rice as I don't eat rice! But not offered with lunch! I can't eat spicy so they will make for me not spicy, once I got it spicy by mistake and they made it again for me! Everyone is friendly and have been back many many times!笑
The price was good, the staff is super friendly and the food is good.  They give you generous portions and everything we tried was tasty.  I have been to several Chinese restaurants around Goodyear and this is the best.笑
General Tso's chicken tasted like McNuggets with ketchup. And I detected a bit too much corn starch. The beef and broccoli had a weird texture and the taste was a bit off. I will not be coming back. Two stars because the price wasn't bad for a Chinese joint.笑
Fast food Chinese place at a reasonable price.

I will start off with the cons:
1.  The hot & sour soup was missing flavor.
2.  The duck was rough and did not have the quality taste I was looking for.

The pros:
1.  Great deal!
2.  Competitive with more selection compared to Panda Express.

If you are looking for a bit more selection and competitive price, go here rather than Panda Express.  But that is just about it.  We may see you again, because my in-laws live near you and they do like you.笑
This is our go to for pick up Chinese. The food is great and the portions are huge. I love the sesame chicken and the orange chicken, both manage to stay nice and crispy, even on the 15 minute drive home. Sauce for both is delicious too. Friendly service, and quick. We've eaten in a few times also and the atmosphere is nice, but it feels more like a take away place. Either way we love the food and the prices and will continue to frequent it. :)笑
Problem..the food is good but the problem here is when the middle aged Asian lady(owner) rings your order the price always differs from when the lunch crew kids do same food every time ..was not a special i order ala carte So today I went in and my order was nearly $3.00 more she charged me $21.00 even I asked for a receipt.. she told me "wait later" when my food was ready she asked one of the kids to hand me my order..I asked again for a receipt she she refused..she asked the young girl to hand me the green waitress Check I refused got back in line asked for a register receipt she gave me one that said $21.00  I said ma'am please can i just have a itemized receipt she said that she can give me a hand written green ticket with her prices. I politely asked for a register receipt she was very curt and refused she said that if I want a receipt I need to ask for it when I order she snatched my food from my hands and asked me to leave..problem is that my food was paid for and she had no right to snatch it..so I said it is fine please give me a refund she said no I said ok food and receipt..no..let's see what could be wrong with this picture..this woman is the only one here that's ever like this with anyone.. but she is this way often but never with me before problem is she is one of the owners!! Won't be going back but I will register a complaint with the bbb and tell everyone that will listen to check your receipt while 2 bucks and some change does not come close to breaking me the fact is she cheated and that is a no no!笑
Just moved to the area and this place delivers- had the pineapple chicken, sesame chicken, shrimp fried rice & wonton soup. All was delicious! Pineapple chicken had a hint of spice to it and was fantastic. Sesame chicken had a honey type sauce. Like I said all good!笑
This place is great. It moved in were the old Pick-up-Sticks used to be and offers much better food. The joint is fast paced and open to substitutions on its combos. The prices are average compared to other normal take-out Chinese food. I really like the the house chicken and orange chicken.笑
My favorite Chinese restaurant! Their food is ****ing awesome. I recommend their orange chicken! It's also a plus that they're super clean & the staff is incredibly friend! (:笑
Some of the best Chinese Food I have ever had.  Love their take on the Crab Rangoons( Crab Puffs).   We have lived in the area about 4 months and it is our go to Chinese.  Typically order Mongolian Beef entrée, House Low Mein, Spring Rolls and Crab Puffs.  Food is always made fast is hot and service is excellent. 

Only complaint is sometimes it is so busy, that it is impossible to call in an order because all circuits are busy!  You know that its good food when you can't get your order in and you have to drive over to order.笑
Good food! Generous portions. Had the wonton soup and orange chicken. Food comes out fast and you order at a counter. Looks like they have delivery. I'll come back.笑
I went there and was very disappointed, portions are great! They are very big how ever the food quality!!!!! No bueno we ordered a couple different foods and the orange chicken was the worse! I will not be returning to this place笑
I was introduced to this place by some  family members. I was a little skeptical about this place however I was so pleased they introduced me to it.  Lunch specials are great.  Great price, great portions and the food is prepared just right.  Had the kung pao shrimp.  Had just enough kick to it.  Also tried the shrimp fried rice the other day.  Was very good and reminded me of the east coast fried rice that I grew up on.  It had plenty of shrimp and the shrimp were good size.笑
We are frequent visitors here. Their orange chicken and chow mein are addictive! My family loves their Kung Pao chicken as well. They have excellent lunch specials. We usually order their food to go.笑
The combos are huge. Two combos is almost enough to feed our family of four twice. We have only gotten the orange chicken and the sweet and sour chicken. Both are very good. The egg drop soup is a little bland to me, but still good. I'm not a big fan of their fried rice, but I like the chow mein. Prices are very reasonable for the huge portions. We eat from here regularly.笑
They give you so much food. Love it! I had leftovers for 2 more meals. The only reason I give 4 stars is because of the orange chicken. I prefer it to be more like chunks instead of strips, and it had a breaded texture rather than fried. Still good though!笑
We have eaten take out many times from here and the food tastes pretty good. Orange chicken is good but not the best. 
The curry is really delish.笑
Finally good decent Chinese food in the west valley and it's not expensive and they give you plenty of food. Why has it taken so long to find a good Chinese food place in the west valley?  Came here for lunch and the food was good, tasty, and man did they give you enough left overs for a second meal. Tried the chow mien lunch combo with fried rice, soup, crab Rangoon. Yum.笑
I eat here usually a couple of times a month but if I had my way I'd be there at least once a week.  I LOVE it and it's right around the corner from the house.  The food is always good, everyone there is delightful, everything is made fresh and it comes to you HOT. Even when I drive it home it's still sometimes too hot to wolf right down.  The prices are great... especially their lunch specials.  They also will usually take coupons from other Chinese restaurants. And if you're sick with a cold, I highly recommend their War Wonton Soup with a little hot mustard to fix you right up.  Good stuff!笑
Have been ordering their delivery service for 2 years and never disappointed! Yes, there is usually about hour wait for the delivery, but it is worth the wait! Great portion sizes, great prices, huge variety, and we have never received anything less than delicious meals.
If they are really busy someone will always call to let you know if your delivery driver will be running behind and to explain themselves (they are hardworking people who value their customers!). The general tsaos chicken is spicy and our house favorite.  Highly recommend!笑
A dear friend took me to China Red Cafe and she likes it very much but I'm afraid I did not share the same palette. Don't get me wrong the food was freshly prepared, I had beef and broccoli and the broccoli was crunchy and meat was juicy. I wasn't impressed because it had a bit of too strong flavor of Anise spice or Chinese spice.笑
I love this place! Big portions, great quality fresh veggies. Everytime I walk in and order they make my order fresh. Been going there about 2 years now and I've Never ever had a bad experience with the food there. It's prob some of the best Chinese food I've ever had. Usually Chinese food is super gross and greasy and veggies are usually over cooked and soaked in oil. Not at this place. The WOR WONTON SOUP is the best soup. The veggies in it are crunchy and fresh. Huge portion w/ chicken, shrimp, wontons, cabbage, broccoli, mushrooms, carrots etc. I'm getting hungry envisioning this. 
ORANGE CHICKEN is not like nasty Panda Express. It's real orange chicken and they put orange rinds in it. So yummy! MONGOLIAN BEEF super tender beef. HOUSE CHOW MEIN beef with shrimp and noodles. My husband and I have had a lot of different things from there and we're never disappointed. And they are always so nice to us when we go. The only negative thing I have to say is that the people posting negative reviews of this place obviously don't know good food. They should stick to Panda Express.笑
I've tried many chinese restaurants in the area and China Red is hands down, by far, the best. The food is prepared fresh and always has great taste. I weight lift everyday and I have a Michael Phelps appetite; for about 6 bucks they give you enough food too feed a small village. Great staff. Great prices. Amazing food. Enough said. Enjoy!!笑
This place replaced the old Pickup Stix, redecorated the place but unfortunately the food isn't authentic nor does it justifies the price.

The server is extremely helpful and friendly. The portions generous but the flavor isn't there. 

For $8.50 you have a good array of dinner menus to choose from and for around $5 for lunch. Specials include egg rolls, wontons, soup, choice of rice and chow mein. 

I ordered "double cooked pork", it isn't double cooked pork. Rather it is just some veggies bbq pork stir fry. It was very disappointing and they should not have put the name up if the item is not what it's suppose to be. 

My friend ordered sesame chicken and it turned out to be orange chicken with about 20 pieces of sesame on one piece of nugget. I'm not exaggerating. 

anyway, probably won't be coming back to this place. Quite unfortunate because it has potential and a good service.笑
Thank you China Red for a great lunch !
We saw on TV that you have one of the cleanest kitchens in Phoenix. That alone speaks good of you!! 
Lunch portions are huge! Quality and freshness of the food is very good! 
We are very picky and have absolutely no complaints! You have won a new customer!
 Thank you again!! See you soon!笑
Absolutely delicious! We ordered take out tonight and this was our first time trying China Red. Let me just say we are dumping our mediocre no delivery to China Red. First online ordering is a huge plus. Our meal was delivered in less than the time they quoted online! I thought they were priced right, 8pc crab puff for $5? Seems right, a combo meal for $9(see what that comes with below!)We had a good sized order, crab puffs, egg rolls, beef broccoli, sesame chicken, and chicken chow mein. Holy food. The combo sesame chicken came with seriously enough food to feed 3 of me. Soup, noodles, fried rice, spring roll, wontons, oh yeah and the sesame chicken. The broccoli was great also, sometimes it gets cooked too long and is too mushy, not here, it was wonderful. The egg rolls were huge and the crab puffs were good. All in all a great experience, we will definitely be back!笑
Love this place - very friendly and you can make it very healthy as well.  Stir fry vegis with chicken and brown rice are my go to.  Everything looks good.  Portions are nice.  Great place.  Wish the menu explained the dishes a little better - but that is minor.  Oh boy - it is kept clean too.  Love it.笑
I really like this place. They have a great menu and everything has a distinct flavor to it. The orange chicken is different. I think it's fried in a flour substance... whatever it is, it's pretty tasty. The sesame chicken is crispy and has a nice little pop to it. 

The service here is exceptional with a very friendly staff and quick time. This is a place you definitely want to try. Not the best I've had but absolutely delicious in its own way.笑
China Red Cafe is awesometastic! The food is amazingly delicious and the portion sizes are huge! Everything is also very affordable. If you purchase the combo, you get meat, fried rice AND noodles AND soup! If you want to eat in though, the seating area is pretty small. This is more of a grab and go place. 

Also, as a side note, I know they don't use MSG. I have an MSG sensitivity and I've eaten here 3 times with no negative side effects. Woot!笑
large portion sizes, great crab puffs, egg rolls are not great. Overall a good amount of food for the price.笑
I have been here twice since my last review, and i must say although the food is flavorful they make me work to hard.  what i mean is they have put a wrong item each time in my order. yesterday when we went i checked it before I left and sure enough wrong item. they gave me beef broccoli instead of  chicken broccoli.   Why I tell you this is because I only order one thing and they got it wrong.   So make sure you check your order.  Will give them another, but they need to get it right other wise i will take them off of my list.笑
Excellent Chinese food!! This place is way better than Panda Express in terms of quality and portion sizes. I haven't dined at their establishment, but have ordered take-out several times and it is always ready to pick up in 10 minutes! Everything we've ordered from here has been good. We always order the dinner combos ($7-9) and two of them feeds our family of four and we still have leftovers!!  They come with soup, an eggroll, a few fried wontons and your entree plus fried rice and chow mein. The portions are huge! All the stir-frys have that yummy hot wok flavor where the meat and veggies are seared perfectly. I am happy we found this place right in our neighborhood.笑
I am originally from NYC, where the Chinese food reigns supreme... and when I moved out here it was hard to find anything that was even remotely close to good.... While China Red is still not NYC amazing Chinese food, it definitely comes close. The portions are nice and big, the flavors are great, and the hot and sour large soup is fab! They offer lunch specials, which are hard to beat since the price is about $6 for 2 meals worth food :) PLUS, they deliver, which is hard to find out here in AZ!笑
Surprisingly amazing soup. Get the Wor Wonton Soup and it will fill you up. No need to order more. Delivery was fast and friendly as well笑
Just another panda clone. Found meat in my vegetarian tofu dish. was pretty subpar overall.笑
This was our first time ordering here. We had our food delivered so we could watch the NCAA final game. Originally when placing the order online I was told my food would be delivered at 7:22 pm. I received a call at 7:00 saying the order would be late due to heavy volume (good sign)! Our order actually arrived at 7:40. BUT WELL WORTH THE WAIT. Probably the freshest, best tasting Chinese food I have ever had. We will definitely order again. The Mongolian beef was excellent!