Great pirogies and salads, the service is super great.. All the ladies were very helpful and sweet. Must try their donuts, can't wait to come back to Montreal to eat there again..笑
Entre 2008 et 2010, j'ai habité à deux pas du métro Frontenac. Ce coin de Montréal n'est pas particulièrement avenant et ne me manque franchement pas... Seule la Pâtisserie Wawel me manque, à dire vrai!

TOUT à cette pâtisserie est bon: des fromages, en passant par les cafés, aux biscuits et pâtisseries, aux plats préparés sur place. Leur fromage fumé est excellent et je m'ennuie encore des ponkis (beignets) et des biscuits au gingembre enrobés de chocolat!

Je ne sais pas si c'est toujours le cas, mais l'été, il y avait même un comptoir à gelato.

Le personnel a toujours été très gentil, courtois et serviable.笑
When i first discovered the ponki a few years back, i never went back for the regular donuts. This place has it all! Charm, delicious coffee, delicious breads, delicious pastries and so much more! I really do come here for the ponki though. 1,25$ each plus taxes or 6 for 6$ taxes included. I obviously go for the box of six. I believe they offer 4 flavours: cream, chocolate, apricots and the classic, plum. So yummy!!! For lunch, they also have a variety of sandwiches that are very affordable. So for under 10$, you can have a really good satisfying lunch. Their artisanal bread is also a must when i stop by. I usually by a loaf with some polish sausages. 

This place is across Frontenac metro or you can park quite easily on the street if you get there early in the day. The staff is very small but oh so, so nice!

Go on! Go try a plum ponki!笑
Great lattes and croissants. Glad to have found this place! The staff are super helpful and sweet too. It's a little confusing the first time you go in to know where you should stand since there's two cash registers, but the staff are so helpful, it works out great.笑
Un service super courtois, des pains excellents (seigle et tournesol, mon préféré!), plusieurs charcuteries qui sortent de l'ordinaire et une grande sélection de confiseries polonaises parfaites pour offrir en cadeau, tout ça fait en sorte que je suis une cliente régulière. Leurs beignes aux prunes sont incontournables. L'emplacement pratique juste en face du métro Frontenac rend l'endroit facilement accessible.


Dans l'entrée, il y a une étagère remplie de pains et pâtisseries de la veille à prix très abordables, ne manquez pas de jeter un coup d'oeil!笑
Perogies were very good, however the sandwich we got wasn't heated all the way through. Overall, I felt there was a lack of freshness throughout the bakery. All of the packaged baked goods were dated from 3+ days ago and they were out of fresh ponki by the time we got there.笑
The prune donut (Ponki aux prunes) was just delicious !!   It was moist, flavorful and not too sweet.

The other things I got were OK....the mazurek with almonds was very heavy and not that flavorful.    I thought it would be light, like a napoleon, but it was very dense.    The butter croissant was not flaky at all, it had a bready consistency, not flaky like I am used to.

Their mango gelato was a bit sour, not sweet like I am used to...

Overall OK....they have outside seating which is nice, but it faces a busy street corner.笑
Just outside the door to métro Frontenac (ligne verte) is this gem of a bakery-slash deli. We stopped in for a quick early supper enroute to a performance at nearby Espace Libre.

The food was delicious (cabbage roll, peirogi, beet salad, freshly squeezed juice) but what really stood out to me was the warmth of the service. On our first visit we were welcomed like long-lost friends. I almost feel like making the 1-hour public transit journey from home on a weekly basis, just for the warmth of that welcome.

I thought I was going to love the apricot donut, and I did, but the prune donut with orange glaze was even better. Tip:  we were there at 6 p.m. and by the time we'd finished our meal, the baked goods had already been packaged up and put away for the next day's day-olds, so get your dessert ASAP.

In addition to hot meals, salads, sandwiches, and a mouth-watering assortment of baked goods, you can find bread, charcuterie, and homemade frozen perogies to take home. There is a wide range of canned goods with Polish labels as well. It's kind of like a Premiere Moisson with a Polish twist. Mmmmmmmm.笑
Polish cafe/ boulangerie right across station Fontenac. Picked up a coffee and some baked goods. Decided to sit out on the patio. Sidewalk patio with beautiful flowers. Small and quaint. Service was great- we ordered and everything was brought to us. There are a few tables inside as well. They have pre made sandwiches and assorted salads. A Deli/cafe feel. We were wondering why we didn't get there sooner!