Amazing place!!! The food was of perfect quantity and quality, service was great - hosts were very friendly and welcoming and the decor is superb. It's by far the cutest place I've visited in the valley!!笑
Tommy's Place has it down....warm surroundings, superb service, and perfected classics define this new valuable addition to the area. The clams had a nice sauce to dip, and the lemon piccata was superb..the owner is involved in every aspect of the establishment, which is a prerequisite to success. Don't miss out on this place !笑
I am so glad that we found a place close to home that has a good atmosphere, amazing food with professional and excellent staff!  We will be back!!!!笑
Back again!!

Last time my husband had the Chicken Marsala, which he thought was amazing! I had the pizza, I have a hard time passing up pizza!!

This week we came in Sunday and they were having their Sunday only Mamas Gravy. My husband had a hard time not ordering the Marsala, but went with the Mamas Gravy and he loved it! I decided to venture away from my pizza and had the Chicken Parmesan, winner winner!!

This might have to be out Sunday spot for the Mamas Gravy!!笑
Great people! Went in for lunch and got to meet Tommy!!! After reading the reviews I went with the meatball appetizer and ceaser salad. Just enough and tasted fresh. Tommy told me himself they use veil, beef, grated cheese, garlic and parsley. He also told me the pizzas are really good.笑
First time there tonight very cool place great food and fantastic service!! Gnocchi was the special tonight FAB笑
Had been here once before right after they opened. At that time it seemed like they were still figuring things out. After eating there again last night, it seems they have. 
Waiter was prompt and courteous. They had a nice but not overwhelming drink menu. The limoncello Collins was very good.
They had a number of specials available but in the end we chose an antipasto salad and seafood pasta to split. Both of them were really good. We even had a canolli for dessert.
The only reason I didn't give them five stars is because the tables were a little close together. It was kinda hard to have a conversation without your neighbor without being overheard.笑
First time visitors.   Brought the whole family. Don't be put off by the exterior. The inside is welcoming to all.  Great atmosphere. 

Service was perfect.  Tommy himself asked how everything was. 

The food was delicious.  We had a variety of dishes pasta with sausage. Pasta with vodka sauce and tune.   No complaints.  We will be back and will bring friends.笑
We live in the neighborhood and have been super excited to try out this new restaurant. It did not disappoint. From the decor, atmosphere, food and people, it was really something special. Tommy himself made an appearance and you could tell he genuinely cared about our dining experience. Such a nice guy. Actually everyone was so nice. A "Cheers" like vibe. It was really refreshing. Oh yeah, and the food was great! Tommy gave us his own recommendations and he was right, the meatballs were out of this world. We are already planning our next visit!笑
Place was awesome. Very surprised how great the food and atmosphere was. It was amazing!笑
Three of us for dinner tonight all had different entres and apps none of which disappointed.  Desserts were equally amazing.  Tiramisu was perfect and the Canoli was just wow..perfect shell and creamy ricotta filling. Service spot on with a little New York Italian attitude.  Going back soon, looking forward to taking sweetie pie and sitting at one of the romantic tables upstairs over looking the action.  Just go笑
Can I rate this place any HIGHER than five! What an amazing place! The food, hands down, best I've ever had! Meatballs are crazy amazing!! And as another plus, our waitress Rose Marie ( I think) was truly a plus to the experience! After that the owner came by. Truly, you can feel the love he has for the place! I am craving their food already and I just got home!!笑
Was Looking for a causal place to eat dinner with 2 kids and this ended up being perfect! Great atmosphere, great live music and service! Mussels were really good and gone in no time. All of 4 of us opted for pasta that didn't disappoint. Great place!笑
Just ate at Tommy's for the first time. Every single thing we ate was delicious. It has great ambiance and service. We can't wait to come back.笑
Read the reviews and decided to give it a try. We LOVED the previous restaurant in this location and were sorry to see this location close. SO glad we stopped in tonight. Tommy, the namesake was there and spoke with all the customers as well as surprising us with an AMAZING salad. Diana was our waitress and she was great. If she didn't know the answer to a question, she took the time to find out. Shared pizza and chicken parmigiana - both were great!  We WILL be back and recommend giving it a try!笑
Great fresh food, very friendly staff, Tommy is great, and the vibe of fantastic.  We were there for a mid afternoon bite.  Only had the roasted vegetables and the spinach salad but they were both great.  Can't wait to come back for a full meal!  Thanks Tommy!笑
The best food, staff and atmosphere for a quaint neighborhood restaurant. The owner Tommy and his cousin John are friendly attentive and offer excellent specials with a flare, they are very accommodating. The music last night was just right to add to the mood. We have dubbed this our favorite place and reservations are a must for dinner.笑
We went to New York's Best Italian Bistro and it was surprisingly went down fast. Food wasn't that good and service was lacking cause John wasn't there anyone greeting. I was looking on Yelp and found a picture of John at Tommy's Place. Bookmarked cause I knew John was going to a new place with his cousin Tommy. 

Anyways, we decided to try Tommy tonight. Very very interesting. A couple of parking spaces in the front with more parking in the back but very limited. Very tight parking. 

We walked in and it's very interesting. Huge bar area on your left with dinning on your right. Not a lot of tables but nice. They do have seating upstairs too. They have four TVs for the bar area and it's decorated pretty cool. Big old bicycle hanging from the ceiling. At night just before we were leaving a live band was playing which is pretty cool too. Very open and fun type of place. 

We started off with the appetizer special which was flat bread with prosciutto and goat cheese. It was really good and came with three pieces which was perfect for us. We also got an antipasto salad. This was so good with light Italian dressing with grilled peppers, Pepperoni, salami, jalapeño and ice berg lettuce. Really good. Really fresh. 

I ordered the entree special which was rigatoni in a parmesan cheese bowl. I heard that John made the bowls so I knew this had to be good. Rigatoni was outstanding. The cheese bowl was a little to salty for my taste and the garlic bread was outstanding. Very good meal. Right portion. Not to much and not to little. 

My wife got the spaghetti Bolognese sauce. This was her go to dish at New York Best Bistro. She really did like it. Loved the garlic bread but she really missed the potato bread that New York Bistro served. Oh well. It was good and she enjoyed it. 

My son got his regular at New York Bistro too. Linguini with clams with added chicken for protein. Fresh clams. He didn't complain about this. Really good. He enjoyed it. 

The place is pretty fun. Lively. We were talking to the couple at a table next to us and they were regulars at New York Bistro too. The service was great. We had Ro and she was so friendly. Making sure everything was okay. Filling our water cups and clearing our dishes. We know another server there too Juan who used to work at New York Bistro. Plus John was there who brought his recipes form New York Bistro. So service was great. 

So overall it was a great meal. Good food. Good service. Great ambiance. Only downside is the parking. Can be difficult to get in and out but it's worth it. We will be coming back again and probably be regulars. Enjoy笑
I want to start this review by saying that this is probably the only time I would rate a restaurant with 2 stars and still go back to try it. I have so many great things to say about this place but was very underwhelmed with our actual experience. 

Let me start with the positives. First of all, the restaurant is beautiful. The decor is nice, the atmosphere is great and it is a place that I would want to spend a nice evening at. On Fridays and Saturdays, starting at 6pm, there is live music and we were treated to a great trumpet player through our meal. I also thought that the patio would be a great place to hang out during a happy hour and there were 6 or 7 dishes to choose from for $5 and drinks were very affordable too. 

So here's where things went wrong: 

First, our server was awful. She didn't know the menu, she didn't know that happy hour existed, she didn't know the specials, how to pronounce the food that was being served, and she didn't belong in that restaurant. She was wearing a gallon of perfume that made our entire section smell, and she brought out food that we didn't order. 

Next, the food we got was just okay. Since we only had happy hour things, I don't want to judge too much (especially since the dishes coming out around us looked excellent). First we started with the fried Burratta. This was a great appetizer EXCEPT, our dish wasn't served with the toast so we didn't have anything to spread the cheese on. When the table next to us ordered the same thing, they got the pieces of toast so we know the dish was a bit inconsistent for our table. Next, we had the meatball sliders: I thought that the meatball was tasty and the sauce was good too, BUT, the bread was soggy and fell apart, AND there was NO CHEESE on the sliders which would have been a VERY welcome addition. After the sliders we had the "Italian Fries" and an order of Calamari with Fra Diavolo on the side. The calamari was perfect. It was fried perfectly, the sauce was delicious and I wouldn't have changed a thing about it. The fries on the other hand were very weak and out of place. Let me explain. This is an "upscale" Italian restaurant and everything was served beautifully, EXCEPT the fries which came out in a plastic red basket with some ketchup on the side. The only thing "italian" about these fries was a little bit of minced garlic tossed in. These fries were something you could get at any burger joint, and were totally uninspired and served in a way that you wouldn't expect to see in a nice restaurant. 

Lastly, we finished with an order of Tiramisu. I thought this was pretty good, but again, three of us were splitting the dessert and she only brought out 2 plates (but 3 spoons). 

I think this place has tons of potential. Maybe being a new restaurant there are some kinks to work out OR maybe we just hit an off-night. Although I am not giving this place a great rating, I really would come back and I would give them another chance because the food around us looked (and smelled) excellent and the vibe of the restaurant was great.笑
This was a great new neighborhood Italian place. we started with bruscheta and meatballs. very tasty. the table had lasagna, chicken picata, chicken marsala and eggplant parm. all of our plates were cleaned off. we left fat and happy. fair prices and great service.笑
Tommy stole the show tonight. This is a true local gem! Trust that the food is authentic and made with lots of love.笑
A frustrated New Yorkers dream place. It is outstanding. The decor is fun too! I loved the Broadway signs on the bathroom doors. ha! The servers were amazing and the food is great! They even have music on Friday and Saturday nights. I felt like I was a little girl again eating at my sicilian's best friend's house.  I had pizza, meatballs, garlic bread and Tiramisu. It was all excellent.笑
After deciding to watch a New York themed movie at Harkins 16, I thought it woud be appropriate to have lunch at a New York themed restaurant in the area so I chose this place. It turned out to be an excellent choice. Inside, the restaurant is nicely appointed with lots of NY decorative touches. I ordered manicotti, a dish I haven't had since leaving New York (if you want to pronounce it the Noo Yawk way, say manigaut ;) It was delicious, with the freshest ricotta and some garlic bread to sop up every bit of the superb sauce. The restaurant did not look that big from outside but  you will be surprised once you enter; seating - both at the bar and at the regular tables - is plentiful. Service is very friendly and prices are reasonable. Not much parking in front but there are additional parking spaces at the back.笑
WOW.... this place is so much different on the inside than you would guess from the outside and its surroundings.  VERY nicely decorated,... food was outstanding and the bartender and owner were extremely accommodating.  This is going to be one of my new dining staples.  There were like 10 things on the menu I wanted to try.  Awesome!!!!!笑
Highly recommended. This place has the same great food as New York's Best, but now it has the atmosphere to go along with it. The pizza is awesome!  The salads, sandwiches and pasta dishes are delicious. My daughter is a huge fan of the meatballs and sausage. Keep up the good work.笑
I had a great experience here. Conner was bartending, he was hilarious and made some great drinks. Music was wonderful, food was incredible and Tommy is a great host. He even order a antipasto for my friend whose birthday it was on the house! I have to say the previous restaurants here were not that great but this is really worth the money.  I had the lasagne. It was fully of flavor and steaming hot. I really have nothing but good things to say about this place highly recommend checking it out on a Friday or Saturday or even during the week just for the food. You will not be disappointed.笑
We had the bruschetta, penne bolognese, baked ziti and cannoli.  The restaurant's atmosphere and decor is really nice.  The food was good not spectacular but good.  The taste of the bruschetta was good however the bread was soggy. A good local Italian bread would have made it really good.  Favors and texture of ziti dishes were good. The best part was the cannoli.... great filing and great crunchy shell.  Is it the best Italian food around no but I think it's definitely worth a try.笑
Love this place. My mouth is already watering with thoughts of tonight's dinner. I do not write many reviews, so when I do, it is well deserved. My husband and I have been here at least a dozen times. We tend to be creatures of habit, so order the same food a lot. My H loves the clams in white sauce. They use the real clams in the shells, and he says they are the best. I usually get either the Penne Vodka which is possibly the best I have had. I also love the Ceasar salad with shrimp. For an appetizer get the fried zucchini, and you won't be disappointed. The owners along with the staff are so nice, and engage with the diners. The music on Fridays and Saturdays is top notch and perfect for this restaurant setting. Taking friends for the first time tonight, and can't wait to see what they think. We are all New Yorkers, and this place feels like "home".笑
I really wanted to like this restaurant. Reviews were good. Ordered lasagna, baked ziti, garlic bread, chocolate cake.
Upsides: Egyptian bartender is great, friendly, a looker. Inside is nice. Chocolate cake was good.
Downsides: If you're serving small portions (for an Italian restaurant), the food better be memorable. It's not. At $13-15 per dish, it's small and doesn't seem homemade. The garlic bread at $4 is offensively small. A ripoff. Management better rethink whether a $.25 piece of bread is worth a reputation.
Overall, the food is about 25% overpriced for quality and quantity. It's good, not great and benefits only from a lack of good Italian competition in the immediate vicinity.
For the money, there are definitely other options. Go to Spinatos.笑
M said I had to go here so off we went. Real easy to miss the parking entrance. Parking is a little tight. Greeted warmly at the door No reservation, no problem, but I could see it getting booked up. I had looked on their website and did not see a link or specific note that they accept reservations. We were seated right away. I just had iced tea M had a cocktail suggested by our waiter that she liked. We had an order of garlic toast. M had a crab ravioli that was good and I had a side salad and Fettuccine Alfredo with chicken which was very good. The only let down for me was the Tiramisu we shared but M said it was great. All the employees we came in contact with were very good. For my taste I thought  the dining room was a bit dark and cramped. I would certainly go back again.笑
I have been looking for a REAL Italian restaurant since I have moved to AZ, and I have finally found it. Saw the reviews on Yelp and decided to give it a chance, and man I was not disappointed. The look and feel of the restaurant is perfect with the decorations of NYC to the modern design of the entire place. It was packed for a Saturday night so that was a good sign when we walked in. We were greeted right away and the East Coast accent let me know we were going to be ok! 

They sat us and had great live jazz playing and it was just a fun atmosphere. It must be the entire family working at this place as they were all from the East Coast as our waitress had an accent as well. Great customer service with everyone always checking on us. The food was great I went with the calamari and shrimp scampi and it was A+. No complaints for this place and I will be bringing the rest of my Jersey family next time.笑
Second time here, and YES!!! This place and its staff have it going on. If you're from NY you'll feel right at home in this center of Italian-American deliciousness. I do wish they hadn't gone with the laminated menus since it takes the ambiance down a notch, but the food is superb! John and Tommy really know what they're doing. Thank you guys SO much, see you soon...笑
Great food and great view, my group sat on the 2nd level.  Took a bit longer to cook our food, but it was totally worth the wait.  Services were excellent with live music every Friday and Saturday nights.  It's a must try if you don't like chain Italian restaurants!笑
Simply put - what a great addition to the North East Phoenix restaurant scene.  Let's get this out of the way first - the quality of the food makes this restaurant worthy of a five star rating.  Lapses in service, and cleanliness, cost it a star in this rating.  I look forward to giving Tommy's the additional fifth star in the future. There are no bargains here; this is not a budget "all your want pasta, salad, and bread sticks" joint.  Tommy's is a superb Italian restaurant with food that is well-prepared and fairly priced in an intimate setting perfect for date night, family dinners, or just a lunch or pasta dinner with a glass of wine. The wine list is small, but offers an appropriate selection that can be paired with the food.  (Mama Mia red blend is a great bottle of wine ($38 - or $10 per glass). There is an excellent trumpet player on the week-ends.

Physically, the outside is deceiving and has the look of a dive bar sandwiched between some suspect retail operations.  Inside, the restaurant is an intimate mix of a long bar and booths and tables.  Entering and exiting the parking in the back can be problematic, but the dining experience makes it all worthwhile.  

A few menu recommendations: Penne alla Vodka with chicken ($16); Spaghetti Carbonara ($15); Sausage and Peppers with any pasta ($16), and any pizza. There is a "Specials" board on the wall; recently I had bacon-wrapped cream cheese filled dates on one occasion; and on another, the Caprese - breaded and fried -  and served in a marinara sauce; both fantastic.  A note about the Entrees - although the menu states most of these items are offered with "a side of pasta" specify if you want your pasta on the side, or mixed with the entree itself.  In my personal experience, the kitchen has a tendency to put it all together unless your are clear that you want a "side of pasta".

The staff is cordial and seem to know every customer, and will know you on your second visit.  Service seems spotty and I have had to ask for a fork or a knife or a napkin, or a wine glass sans lipstick [I prefer direct lip to lip application :)] on seemingly every visit. On a recent visit, the diner next to me used his napkin and laid the silverware that was inside the napkin on his place mat, using the salad fork that came with his Cesar. When he was finished, the server took the dirty dish and salad fork, simply straightened the remaining  silverware, and didn't wipe down the place mat, nor even replace the napkin. The food is good enough to overcome these lapses........but professional reviewers, of which I definitely am not one - and some diners, will be put off by these issues.

I will continue to dine here.  It is far better than any of the other "Italian" restaurants in the area.

See you there.笑
Went last Sunday evening for dinner. It was like a completely different restaurant from the first time. Waiter seemed overwhelmed and forgot our appetizer ; food was "blah". Very disappointing. Must have had the "B" team in the kitchen. Can not recommend.笑
While there are many choices for dining in Phoenix no place I can think of has the look and fell of being in N.Y. At least not until now with the opening of Tommy's Place. Last Friday we met friends there for dinner. Pasta was excellent, the nightly special was osso bucco, the best I've had in 20 years. Live jazz music on Friday and Saturday nights from 6 to 9 p.m. the trumpet player was fabulous. John and Tommy are the owners and opened Tommy's Place to showcase their talents. Thank you for the culinary treat.笑
Amazing food! The spaghetti and meatballs were out of this world! The sauce was some of the best sauce I've ever tasted! Really delicious. The tiramisu was just okay. It was a little too bitter/coffee-y for me. Great restaurant for the north Phoenix area. Highly recommend for a date night. Nice ambiance.笑
My Mom suggested Tommy's Place for a dinner date for her and my Dad with my man and I. Double date with the parents! I was blown away by the food at this place. Not too expensive and very tasty Italian. I'd say this stuff is pretty damn authentic! The waiter, C.E., was a cool cat who took good care of us and made our experience that much better. The bread the serve with your meal is so great and the Chicken Marsala. Holyyy. Worth a taste, for sure. We were there on a Saturday and it filled up for the live music and good food. Worth making a reservation. Enjoy!笑
Just tried this place and, holy smokes, the food and service was amazing! Some of the best chicken piccata I've had in years. There was a slight mixup when it came to the type of side pasta we ordered (not really a big deal to us) and they were so apologetic, they took our dessert off the bill. Wasn't necessary, but we really appreciated it. Will differently recommend this place to others and I'll be back to check out the live music and dinner scene.笑
First off top notch service, excellent and cozy atmosphere with great decor, phenomenal owners and staff. The food is absolutely as authentic as it could get . I had the chicken piccata and my roommate had chicken Vesuvio .. with a end dessert of tiramisu which you could tell was handmade and not brought in .  Every single time I've been here ( this is the 2nd time , i never finished my review) the food has been fresh and delicious. Great prices for the quality of the food .. exactly what you'd think an Italian restaurant should be like .. 
since this is the 2nd time I've been here , today I got the linguini salmone fume and my roommate got the eggplant parmigiana.. just too good .. check out the pictures but seriously bring your wife or husband or partner here .. you won't be disappointed.笑
Love it!  From the appetizer to the espresso. John was the bartender and recommended the Calabrian sunrise vodka drink he invented. Very refreshing!   Will be back again and again.笑
My hubby and I decided to try this place tonight and I'm so glad we did! We were promptly greeted and told to chose a table. The staff was all so friendly and welcoming. We had the zucchini appetizer which was cooked to perfection. We shared a chicken Parmesan with fettuccini alfredo for our pasta. It was so yummy and just the right portion when we shared the entree. We had a couple of cocktails and shared the chocolate cake for dessert. It's a lovely surprise along Bell Road and we will definitely be back!笑
My husband and I had dinner there on Tuesday night.   The restaurant has a great atmosphere and we really enjoyed the music.   First restaurant we have been in along time where we could talk to each other and not have to yell over the loud music.  Service was wonderful.  The bartender gave us excellent recommendations for dinner.  My husband had the lasagna and ate every last morsel.   He gave it an A.    I had pasta with vodka sauce and it was outstanding.  Also an A.  Tommy came by several times to check on our dinners.   Certainly showed us he is trying to have a top notch restaurant with great food at great prices.   We will be going back.
Ellen D笑
First time there, food was awesome, and incridble service! Defiently a place to go and bring friends, will be back again. I hade the ceasr salad with chicken, and freshly shreded parmasan cheese with a home made dressing, the chicken was perfectly cooked and tge fresh crutons were a great touch. Their pizza and sause was amazing and their triple chocolate cake was to die for!笑
We will never go anywhere besides Tommy's Place for fettuccine alfredo. The staff was very welcoming and provided great service. We ordered a caesar  salad with chicken, and fettuccine alfredo with chicken  but substituted penne. Our food came out faster than expected. The salad was not anything out of the ordinary but was nice and cold on a hot day. The pasta on the other hand was amazing. Every alfredo sauce I have had before did not taste close to comparison to Tommy's. We do not want to have alfredo pasta anywhere else in Arizona. Our food was delightful so we decided to try the dessert. The cannoli and tiramisu was pretty good. At the end of our meal the owner was very nice and made sure everyone had a good time. I recommend Tommy's Place to anyone who likes alfredo. We will be back soon!!!笑
LOVE THIS PLACE!  The decor is too die for!  So fun to sit at the bar too. My favorite thing is Tommy!  He is always a treat. The food is yummy!!!  I highly suggest you go and try this place. It's wonderful!笑
Just opened. Had lunch today and everything was wonderful. Great pizza. Sport events on 9 tvs. Great atmosphere. Can't wait to come back for dinner.笑
Just wonderful!   Tommy JR was our server and he was just awesome.  Never smothered the table but took care of us.  Food was very good but that cannoli, it was to die for.   After our great meal we sat at the bar and had some drinks and Conner took care of us.  He was awesome too!  Super friendly and from Chicago( like my friend and I)!!  I just highly recommend!!笑
Good service, great atmosphere. The food was excellent. Nice beer and wine selection. The tiramisu should be illegal as it is so good. The owner checked on as a couple of times to make sure everything was OK. Will go back soon. Highly recommend.笑
Went for my birthday with my daugter, dad and brother. Didnt expect it to look as nice as it did. Great for a meal or just a drink. Loved the atmosphere. Nice bar area. We will be back.笑
This place is amazing!!!!!!! Don't let the location fool you. Walk inside and be transported to NYC ... not current NYC but the Frank Sinatra NYC era.  Not only is the food literally the best but it's not $$$$$. We get the Sicilian pizza and it's enough to feed 6 peeps. Easy! The apps are fab. The drinks are fab. Service... excellency!!!! I would love to try the desserts but we are always too full笑
Eat here. Tommy's is just the place you need to be! Possibly the only place in town at which you'd want to become a regular. Trust the specials, savor the desert and enjoy great service. John our server takes great care of us every time. Eat here.笑
Excellent food great service, we had the Anti Pasta, Moms gravy, eggplant and chicken Picata. It was absolutely delicious and reasonable. The place was very nicely done. And we will be back soon笑
Really good, authentic Italian food. Especially like the live music on a fri/Sat night. Like the fact that Tommy himself is around a lot of the time as well.笑
Delicious and authentic Italian!!  Cozy atmosphere and live dinner music. Couldn't ask for more, thanks Roe!笑
Tommy has done a great job with the place! Food is fantastic and tiramasu is fresh and to die for! Great wine list and the bar is beautiful! Staff is on point and knowledgeable. Great atmosphere, pictures of new york and sounds of Frank Sinatra in the background create an awesome vibe!笑
Omg why haven't I've been here before? This food is sooooo good! The staff is so nice! The owner comes out and speaks like in Italy! LOVE IT!笑
What can I say I love this place. My wife and I have been here a few times already. Great atmosphere great staff and Tommy is such a great host. We enjoyed the food here very much. We just visited here this past weekend and we sat at the bar. The bartender was very helpful and offered some delicious drinks. They have live music which makes a nice relaxing environment. They make you feel at home and part of the family. Reminds me of being back home in my old neighborhood. Food is delicious and good size portions. You would leave feeling full and happy. We are definitely going to be returning to Tommy's Place.笑
By far my favorite place in North Phoenix. The Food is amazing and the staff makes you feel right at home. Very clean environment and the art work is beautiful.笑
Wow what an absolutely unique place! Being European brings me warm thoughts. I love places like this!!! Amazing service! Art everywhere! Food is awesome! Came here for lunch watched a soccer game and had one of their specials, My taste buds are smiling!!! Definitely going to tell others to experience this place as well.笑
Tommy's design and mindset with this place is fantastic. Great service with authentic Italian food and environment. My pasta was on point also with presentation and taste. If you live in the area or you're close by, THIS is the place for great Italian food and vibes.笑
Tommy... I'm a little obsessed with your place, and I am so glad your place is not too far from mine. Heyyy!! But really, it's so great to see such a cute, shiny new, interesting place in between all the chain restaurants, random tire shops, furniture joints, and car lot's. I know this locations has tried to be a few thing's in the last 5 or so years. But I think Tommy got this one right. 

After coming her on a double date last week I could not wait to come back to check out the happy hour with a girlfriend (shot out to Natalie! See you next Wednesday girl!) See, I really couldn't wait. This place was packed full last Friday. So full we had to sit upstairs. Upstairs? Yup... and it was kind of great. We got to look down on the dinning room. There was live Jazz type music that gave this place even more of a New York/Italian Charm. 

Our server was super charming as well, with his thick Italian accent. As he told us all of the specials for the day, they all sounded delicious and all things I have no idea how to pronounce. He did however sell me on something I was not expecting to get. Some type of white, velvety, Italian sausage, potato, veggie soup.  The only thing missing from this special was that I wanted more of it. We also had the Bruschetta to start. No complaints. For dinner I decided to play it safe, plus I am not familiar with a whole lot of Italian dishes. The Penne Alla Arrabbiata: Garlic, tomatoes, basil and crushed red peppers with Italian Sausage. This was a pretty simple dish but it was fresh, tasty, and perfect. And you know that I HAD to have a Cannoli. I have had one Cannoli that I fell in love with years ago and have yet to find one that even comes close. Well... I am thrilled to say I finally found it here at Tommy's. So good, so creamy and crunchy. Doesn't have a store bought taste like many do. I would come back here for the Cannoli alone. But lucky I was happy with everything.

I hope to see you all at Tommy's soon because he's going to be my new BFF.笑
Really enjoyed our evening.  Live music was a nice treat, so rare these days and it starts at 6 every Friday & Saturday.
We sat at the bar, had cocktails and dinner.  The decor is so nice, has that rustic feel.  Bartender was very tentative, drinks were excellent.
Appetizer was that gooey cheese and arugula with crostini, excellent, and we shared the bistca steak over pasta. Wonderful!
We will definitely be going back!
Thanks Tommy 

PS. The place is small so get there early!笑
Absolutely delicious and great service! The atmosphere was great- decorated with NYC pictures it felt like we were in Little Italy, but cozier! Anthony, our server, was very attentive and friendly, and Tommy stopped by several times to check on us as well. The food was perfect- we will definitely be back!笑
Stopped here after the dinner rush, about 8:30. Got sat immediately by a host you'd expect in a New York style restaurant. The decor here is really nice. It's absolutely beautiful inside. The picture of Marilyn Monroe in the bathroom is one of the best things I've seen hanging in a restaurant. Service was good and attentive, as most of the tables were finishing. Ordered a few apps just to try this place out. Calamari came out nice and crisp, but not over cooked. Their tomato sauce was tasty too. Bruscetta was a little unconventional, coming with melted cheese. No biggie, next time I'll ask for it without. But both the calamari and Bruscetta were good but both needed to be seasoned more. The wings though, spot on. I couldn't tell if they brine them or just season them when preparing them, but they come out tasting fantastic, without dripping in sauce (which I do like, just not in a nice dining room like here) and BIG. Very meaty, very yummy wings. They had three ball games on too, without sound as not to ruin the ambience. So I was able to enjoy a meal with my family and keep up with the MLB. Definitely will be back for the full dinner experience. The dinner menu looks like good tradition east coast Italian.笑
Found this hidden gem while visiting friends! Such a small and home feel! The food was amazing and Tommy was super friendly! Will definitely have to come back!笑
Nice place. It's an Oasis for the area. Had the wings and they were excellent. This place has only been open a week and the menu looks top notch. I do recommend trying it. The main menu is Italian and is legit. I will be back to eat like a human once my diet is over.笑
This place definitely did not disappoint. The interior is not what you'd expect when driving up to it. It was very busy since it was Sunday but the staff was extremely nice and knowledgeable. We had calamari to start off as an appetizer. The serving was generous and great

For my plate had the Manacotti and it was delicious. Our server was on point, too. I never had to ask for anything and if I did have a question it was answered. 

Don't judge a book by it's cover, guys. Definitely want to come back on Friday or Saturday when they have live music.笑
This place is great. I go here all of the time and it's quaint, the food is outstanding, the customer service is great and everyone is so nice. I just love it. The mussels are fabulous and the pasta is always tasty. It has that "Cheers" feeling to it so two thumbs up. The decor is great too.笑
Wonderful food! Great ambiance, very well kept secret. Fairly new but definitely be back!笑
Best  authentic Italian Food and ambiance you will find in Phoenix. You won't be disappointed. Tommy, the owner, his family and staff are extraordinary.笑
If you're looking for an authentic Italian Bar and Restaurant look no more. Tommy's is out of my area about a 30 minute drive but it's worth every minute. I absolutely love the Stromboli it's huge and I ate the entire thing because it was so delicious ! I wish there were more places like this, however the fact that there's not should mean a longevity for this company tell all your friends and go try Tommy's!笑
Simply the best cream sauce I've ever had. The bartender was great! My martini was perfect. The owner is always around making sure everything is going well. The live music was great to eat dinner too. Honestly one of the best eating experiences I've had here in Phoenix. Will be back in a week for my husbands birthday! Can't wait to try more!笑
Wonderful Italian restaurant. From the outside the décor looks a little suspect but the interior is beautifully decorated and creates an authentic atmosphere that pairs well with the friendly staff. I dined as part of a large reservation and we were very well taken care of, with delicious fresh garlic bread offered gratis. 

I had the manicotti and was very satisfied with the food, you can't really go wrong at a place like this.

I will definitely be back for a date night or intimate night out with friends.笑
My wife and I were in north Phoenix not having a clue as to where we could fond a non franchise, non fast food place for Sunday lunch. Yelp ratings took us to Tommy's. Nice, fresh and clean atmosphere including the men's restroom. My wife had the fettuccine Alfredo that was very tasty with plenty of cream Italian ham. I had the Sunday special "Mama's Gravy" which was a couple of very good sized meatballs and an Italian sausage that was perfectly cooked with a tomato/Marinara sauce that was very flavorful. I also had the Tuscan soup as an appetizer that was really nicely made with attractively fresh ingredients. Nice cutlery and glassware. However I was disappointed with cheesy paper napkins in such a nice place. I strongly recommend that they use white or black linen from now on. Our server, Tommy, Jr. was very professional and attentive. We also had the chance to meet "Uncle John" and Tommy, Sr. himself who indicated that he's owned/operated 19 restaurants! Wow! Clearly he knows what he's up to. The place has a nice "good fellas" feel and would probably be a great "drinks then dinner" place. We'll have to come back.笑
Nice place! Old school Italian owners with a great sense of humor. Great food. The live jazz was and unexpected added bonus. Nice tvs if you want to sit at the bar and watch a game. Peroni on tap. 

I've seen this locale change through numerous owners over the years. This ones a keeper. Nice job Tommy.笑
Absolutely delicious food! We've tried several items on the menu, always homemade...fresh...hot.. and authentic Italian! Manicotti with added Meatballs on the side are to die for! We drive 30 minutes to eat here, worth it for sure!! Employees and owner are very personable and the service is always exceptional!笑
Four stars only because it was our 1st time there.  As a  NY-er it was awesome to find a place that made NY style pizza ...no joke. The food at Tommys place is comparable to pizzerias in my hometown in NY.  Definitely one of my new go-to spots.笑
This is one of my favorite places to eat and enjoy music on the weekend. Everything I've ordered has been perfect. Tommy and his staff makes you feel very special. I've made some new friends while dining at the bar.  The music is the best in the valley.笑
What a gem! We couldn't have been happier to have found this place.  The chicken piccata was very good as was the homemade Tiramisu. The wine selection was limited however the French Cabernet was great especially for the price. Loved the ambiance and we really enjoyed the trumpet player who was excellent.  We are at the bar and Kristen the bartender took great care of us. Got to meet Tommy who was wonderful. We hope to return next time we are in Phoenix.笑
This is a great place to go for anything ! Resturant, Bar, Sports Bar, hangout. Wish it was here years ago. Atmosphere is wonderfully eclectic, and the service and staff should be the envy of every eatery in Phoenix. The Pizza ? Authentic and mouth watering with great ingrediends. We've been there with clients and they loved  my choice, and raved about everything they ordered. I've had the Brisket, and it is the BEST I've had ever in 50 years. It is a delight to your pallete and well worth coming back for, but be hungry. Priced right for your wallet, but well below what it's worth. You gotta try Tommy's Place.笑
Had a fantastic meal here tonight- the meatball appetizer and spaghetti carbonara were simply delicious!  Tommy and John are always so warm and friendly, I feel like family whenever I stop by...笑
My husband and I came for lunch on 6/22. It was our first time here and like many others, we saw the amazing Yelp reviews, so decided to try it out. It seems to be one of those small, intimate, everyone knows who you are type of places. When we walked in it wasn't too busy and every head turned to look at us when we entered. We sat at a table and ordered 2 glasses of wine, my husband ordered the meatball sub, per the recommendation of who I believe was the owner? My husband was debating between meatballs or eggplant. I ordered the TNT sub with the mayo and dressing on the side. Both sandwiches came with fries. My sandwich had the mayo on it and on the side. Not a huge deal just meant the hubby couldn't try it, he can't do mayo. The food was really good, and my husband really enjoyed the meatballs, the only thing I could think of to make my sandwich even better, would be to offer or serve it with a side of giardiniera! We're from the East Coast, MA and RI, it's really hard to find really good authentic Italian Food that we are used to eating. I'm a little disappointed in the service. We really wanted a Canoli, and were also contemplating tiramisu (my husband's favorite) but we were never given the opportunity to order any. The male server came over with our bill, handed it to my husband and said, I'll take that when you're ready. Then he literally stood there and waited for my husband to pay it. Could I have asked to order dessert? Sure. But honestly, from the start, it felt as if we were outsiders and didn't feel very welcome. Small talk was being made at every table but ours. I wasn't about to ask if we could order dessert, the waiter made it seem like he was ready for us to leave, so we did. The food is top notch, but I'm not sure I care to come back.笑
Another fabulous evening @ Tommy's.  
Food  prepared beautifully, nightly specials wonderful.
Service, food, ambiance, are beyond amazing.  
Thank you for making our evening so special.笑
Dinner, salad and wine for 2 under $60, GREAT italian food, nice decor, good service...not far from home?  For those times you don't want to go to all the trouble and expense of all the places NoSco seems to be filled with.  FINALLY!

Bonus - live music on weekends!

Tommy's place is pretty old school in a good way, yet has contemporary decor.  It is small, so reservations would be smart if you can plan ahead, but they've always been able to squeeze us in so far.笑
We came in tonight on a whim and all I can say is 'wow.'  

I am too full to type much, but let's just say you can't go wrong with whatever you order.  Lovely antipasto plate, yummy pizzas, tender meatballs, tasty garlic bread, best eggplant parmigiana ever, ravioli with vodka sauce to die for, and a homemade pappardella with shrimp in a brandy cream sauce that was decadent.

The owner and staff are very personable and the ambience is charming as well.笑
We decided to give this place a try because it had 5 stars, but we encountered a not very polite owner and staff.  It seemed like we were bothering them when we brought in their largest table of the afternoon and that was only 5 people!  After that, the tap water somehow tasted even worse than Phoenix tap water.  The food was fair, but nothing special compared to the other Italian restaurants nearby.  All of that and the prices seemed a bit higher than 2 $, it should probably be listed as 3.笑
The meatballs were so delicious and tender and the flavor of the cheese pizza was excellent. Our entrees were delicious and although we were stuffed, we decided to try their homemade tiramisu!! PURE HEAVEN!!!! Best I have ever had in my very long life and I am from Boston! If you have nothing else, you must try their Tiramisu!!!!笑
Went back for happy hour Friday night to give this place one more chance. Bar dead. No one there. No flavored martinis, as we were rudely told, and they did NOT give us any appetizer deals. Even though our waiter from previous weekend told us there was "half off appetizers" during happy hour. The two cranky bartenders told my friend and I "we're starting happy hour Monday." My gosh! They couldn't even honor what we were told before and try to keep us as customers! Mark my words, this place will not make it. They're way overpriced for the neighborhood, they are rude and cranky, and they offer nothing in the way of a fun happy hour. This area needs a fun happy hour place that has a great atmosphere and really friendly staff. It is sorely lacking in that department. And I gave this place two separate opportunities to keep me as a customer and they failed miserably both times. One star is too many for this location. Don't bother.笑
Exceptional food and service. First time here and pleasantly surprised. Everything was bright,clean and well appointed. I like the owner being on premise making sure you have good food and experience. I certainly would recommend.笑
Food is absolutely Amazing!  Well presented & delicious!  Friendly service!  We stopped in because of the great reviews.. I am glad we did!  At first I wasn't sure since the location can almost be missed.  However, don't pass this one up!  Took us awhile to figure what to eat since all the menu items looked great!  Can't wait to try all the other delicious food on the menu!笑
Love love love love this place , came in for our first time and def will be back again. The pasta selection is awesome and this by far is the closet thing to pasta like in Chicago . The cannoli was literally the best one in Arizona so far . Wasn't disappointed and there is no way this place can disappoint . So many flavors and great service !笑
Our favorite  place, we love the food, it's excellent. Jesse Mcguire plays amaxing trumpet/lounge  music. Love  love Love Tommy!! Service is great, staff very attentive!笑
My husband and I just moved into the neighborhood.  We noticed Tommy's Place open a couple of weeks ago.  We walked in and immediately enjoyed the atmosphere.  We were approached by a server quickly.  I order the chicken parmigiana and my husband had the turkey & provolone cold sub.  We both enjoyed our meals immensely.  The portions were good but not overload.  The service was excellent & friendly.  We will definitely be returning as it is great to have a local Italian place to enjoy.笑
Great food and service. Everyone was very friendly and made us very comfortable. Items were suggested and we went with them. Our meals were great as were the Martini's. We will be back.笑
Stoped by for a late afternoon drink. 
They had 8 beers on tap and picked Blue Moon really cold with a fresh slice of orange. Looked at the menu and order a small pizza pie which was wonderful? Thought I was back in New York. What a great combo cold beer with great thin crust pizza. One of my favorite combos. Very nice & helpful staff, will definitely be back笑
What a gem on Bell Rd! Great food.. great atmosphere! Anthony was awesome! We went for lunch then brought kids back for dinner!笑
Dom Pepe's of the southwest and all the New Yorkers out there know what I mean! I urge you to try the seafood combo and a white pizza. The portions are generous and Tommy brought all his recipes from his old restaurants. Cappricio's .... New York's best and more

Tommy will wow you with his personality and his food great experience we will be back for more!笑
Great place.  So excited for a new Italian restaurant.  Very cool atmosphere and awesome staff!笑
Tried to get in last night without reservations but because they were so busy we could not be seated.  The owner was so nice we decided to come back today for lunch. Once again we met Tommy the owner who is very very nice. Now the food! Great is not enough!! Wonderful food reasonable prices and friendly people makes this a go to place!!笑
We stopped in for the first time on my birthday. This is the REAL DEAL Italian restaurant, owned and run by Italians. It's like New York, but here in the valley.  I came for lunch and had the Antipasto salad, which was phenomenal. Service was amazing and my boyfriend's fettuccini Alfredo was divine. 

I will be back. It was wonderful!笑
Tommy's Place is a fresh addition to the North Phoenix dining scene and offers what the area has needed for a long time; a cozy, spotless, comfortable atmosphere where you can relax and have some amazing Italian food.  On two separate visits the food and service were top notch. Calamari fra Diavolo appetizer is a must try and gives the classic fried version a welcomed kick of spiciness that we absolutely enjoyed (had that on both visits).  The pasta selection is reminiscent of what you would find in Little Italy, not many places can make a decent Linguine and Clams, Tommy's is very good with a nice balance of garlic, olive oil and white wine, the only thing left on the plate were clam shells.  The Mediterranean salad was a nice plate to share with a good vinaigrette, artichoke hearts, calamata olives and feta and you can add chicken if you like.  We had the salad and a pizza on our last visit, the pizza crust was light, flavorful and baked just right.  Cannolis and espresso rounded out the meal and both were once again like being back on Mulberry Street, NYC. We will be regulars, because this is the kind of place that on your first visit they greet you like an old friend and the next time you go back you're family...that's how we felt when we walked in on our second visit.笑
We found this place while searching Yelp for new restaurants and I am so glad we did. It's close to home, the ambiance is great, the staff is friendly and the food is delicious. We didn't have a reservation but we were lucky there was one open table left when we arrived. The place is small so you might want to consider making a reservation. The tables are tightly packed in there but it was still comfortable. 

The food was great! Our waitress was sweet but it was her first night and she seemed a bit overwhelmed and not sure of the menu. Chicken piccata is one of my favorite dishes and their version with a side of fettuccini did not disappoint. The chicken was juicy and flavorful and the pasta was perfect. The garlic bread was fantastic. My husband had the chicken parm sandwich with a side of fries and our friend had the meatball sandwich with fries. Both of them were very happy with their choices. Our son ordered the cheese pizza and loved it. I snagged a piece of his crust and admit it was pretty darn good. The only hiccup to the night was they forgot my sons pizza and we were almost done with our food  before it came out. They did the right thing and removed it from the bill and he said it worth the wait so we won't hold it against them and we will be back.笑
Ok place. I miss Lenero though . Took forever for them to open and no wonder... Stuff EVERY WHERE. .  Try to focus on food. Atmosphere is a big distraction. Too much.笑
Okay, best first, Stromboli, meatballs, calzone, the sauce... dayum! The calzone with fresh ricotta and mozzarella with my request of spinach and mushrooms, it was so totally heaven. The Stromboli was inhaled by my son. Soft and flavorful meatballs and a tomato sauce that is so perfect. 
The not perfect: the alfredo sauce broke, flavor was great, but笑
I wish I had some photos to share. We have intended to try this place for several months- 
I wish I had some pictures but all the plates are clean!
The meatballs are the best in Phoenix. Those who know me recognize the power of that statement. This place will definitely be in the regular rotation.  Well done Tommy's, well done.笑
I love this place and the atmosphere here.  I came here for my birthday last month with about 7 friends.  I had booked ahead and they were welcome to my group.  We were treated sooo well and the service was amazing.  The food was wonderful as well, everyone loved their dishes.  My boyfriend and I came back last night to have dinner and had just as wonderful as an experience.  I had the baked ziti with meat sauce.  OMG, they mix ricotta cheese in before baking it, the best baked ziti I have ever had.  I wish I could say I will be back.  I am moving to Atlanta next week and won't get the chance which makes me sad!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!笑
WOW! Felt like I was back East. Started walking up and thought oh no another pizza joint boy was I wrong. The live jazz was great the food was even better and the prices were unbelievable. Out of 5 stars I would give it a 6.5!!! And whatever you do get the tiramisu it's as homemade as it gets. Will definitely be going back for seconds. Thank you Tommy's for being another great hole in the wall.笑
After passing by here many times, I finally.swung in with my wife for our anniversary.  The environment inside is wonderful and the wait  staff was very friendly.    My wife got Salmon and I got shrimp scampi. Food was pretty good, although I've had better.  Overall I would  definitely come back.  The happy hour menu seemed good and like I said, the environment is very relaxing.笑
Good solid bar; TV's on sports and Fox news just like at the house!

One issue though; got food to go and while it was pretty much ok, the portions ratio to the listed price was underwhelming.

To my point; when I have to boil more pasta at home to add to my dish then that's a red flag somewhat.

But I like the bar and most likely will return for that yet not so much for the take out.笑
Such a wonderful restaurant! 
I've dined-in and ordered takeout and everything I've tried is delicious. Always exceeding our expectations. We interacted with most of the staff and they are wonderful and make every visit that much better. 
The experience of being at this Italian restaurant and the ambiance can't be beat for me and my husband.笑
We stumbled upon this place last night looking for a new place for drinks. We quickly learned that this place has some great pizza too along with specialty cocktails. Tommy the owner asked us what we like on our pizza and went in the kitchen to make it. Some of the best restaurant pizza we've had in a long time. The cheese was fresh and the crust was light and crispy at the same time. We can't wait to go back to try something else on the menu.笑
Yum!!!!!!  We had been in Flagstaff for the weekend and we're heading home. We got the opportunity to stop in North Phoenix for dinner. My boyfriend was feeling Italian and this place did not disappoint. 

He had the "Mamas gravy" a special they were doing and it was amazing!!!! 

I had pasta with vodka sauce and chicken. It came out and they forgot the chicken and had the chicken to me before my second bite!  The service was absolutely outstanding!  

Adorable interior and just the warm yummy meal I needed after a long day on the slopes in Flagstaff!笑
Love this Italian place, the food is always delicious. Mama's gravy on the Sunday special is excellent.笑
Oh man, you guys. Come prepared with an empty stomach and wearing fat-pants. But first, you should probably make a reservation. We came here early (like, 5:40) on a Friday and I think we snagged the very last non-reservation table. I had read the reviews so we knew we had to haul it down here quickly after getting home from work. This place has a serious following.

As other people have said, parking is kind of a nightmare. We parked in the strip mall to the west (in front of Dose Moving), after we circled the block, but I'm not sure this is allowed during business hours. Just a pro-tip! If Uber is convenient, I'd say go that route.

The inside decor is not at all what you'd expect from looking at the austere outside. There's an upstairs loft area of tables, a gigantic and decorated bar, and lots of mod tchotchkes and pictures. I loved it. The dining room tables are kind of crammed together, but the food more than made up for it. Our server was attentive and she went over the night's specials in detail.

I had a $5 happy hour glass of pinot noir (a plus for arriving so early), and we started with the fried zucchini. They were perfect little deep-fried strips served with marinara. For my entree I continued the carb load and went with the manicotti, while my husband opted for the penne bolognese. Both were outstanding. The pasta was cooked perfectly, and the manicotti filling had a delightful hint of nutmeg that really amped it up.

I wanted to end this review by saying Tommy's Place is a total hidden gem, but if the place is packed with what seemed like 95% regulars, is it really hidden? I'm glad we're now in on the secret!笑
Atmosphere is awesome and the food even better. The staff are very friendly, especially John. If you want some great, fresh Italian food go check it out!笑
Fellow Yelpers...we should all be SO happy and thankful that we have a place like this in Phx. It has been a very long time that I've been this excited about a restaurant in Phx. We loved it from the second we walked in to this amazing place, and I am very picky about food so I was very concerned the food wouldn't be up to par with the atmosphere. I was praying about the quality of the food..... If you miss NY-style restaurants and East coast-style Italian food then go to Tommy's Place! It's so hard to put it all in words and the pictures don't even do it justice (it looks way more fun and not so bar-like in person). Don't judge it based on the exterior of the building which isn't bad, but you are in for a treat when you open that front door and walk into a wonderland.... LOVE it here! Can't wait to go back....

PROS
1. Everything we ate was so, so, so good, especially the Stromboli; it is superb, and the manicotti was so gentle and creamy.
2.  The owner and staff are great. Accommodating, nice,and funny, and a few have New Yawk accents from Da Bronx, Brooklyn, and SI. I felt like I was back home.
3. Decor is so fun and whimsical. The pics don't do it justice. Go see it in person. So different than other in AZ places...in a good way. Heard the owner took 8 months to decorate. Lots of cool NYC memorabilia and for the sports fans...plenty of TVs. Beautiful, packed bar, as well.
4. Made me feel like I was back home in NY w/the food, people, decor, etc. I'm bringing my mom here when she visits from NY. She loves Italian food and we haven't really found anything that great in AZ...until now.
5. The amazing Jazz/Saxophone player. He is VERY good and made this place so special!
6. I could go on and on but I think you get the point. Thank me later. And, you're welcome :)

CONS.
N/A, nada, none, zilch笑
We have been twice since our 1st visit. Meatballs are a must as they are they perfectly flavored and melt in your mouth. My fav main dish is the the amazingly accomplished shrimp fettuccine. Many places just add a gob of butter and lemon and serve a mess. Tommys Salute to your smooth sauce and perfectly cooked shrimp.  Finally a place that cares if you come and enjoy. The staff is great from the time you enter to when you leave. "Come again" they say. Thank you, we will!笑
Beautiful decor, great food, friendly owner & staff...old school Italian family run, reminded me of back home in CT & NY! We ordered take-out to enjoy during an afternoon of football watching - great experience/atmosphere. Just moved into the neighborhood and will definitely be back to try Mama's Gravy.