Great spot close to my house. Definitely get the $20 all you can eat as you will spend more if you order a la carte. Great BBQ, kinda fusion. Fresh fish and meat.笑
All I have to say about this place, is there's a reason all the japanese friends I have who live near here told me to avoid this place. 

Bleh.笑
My wife and I went to Honmachi last night to try their Sukiyaki. We have been enjoying sukiyaki and shabu-shabu for quite some time so we were not rookies in this arena. I have to admit the ambience and interior decorations are great. Their menu is simple to follow yet pretty open with many items to choose from. Our target, SUKIYAKI. I went with Kobe Chuck and my wife with the vegetarian sukiyaki. Our raw items arrived 25mins later... yes... quite a lot knowing that they are RAW!!! Normally it should not take more than 5 mins. Quantity of food was sub-par for the money paid. Service was ok but you could tell they barely opened their doors to the public (10 servers running around, floor managers, greeters, everybody but the chef...). OVERALL EXPERIENCE: Not bad but we will stick to our favorite place in town.. SWISH!!! we have been going there for more than a year and so far the best we have tried (among 3 or 4 others we have tried in vegas). I hope this helps. Thanks! ;)笑
I ate there with my girlfriend during their 'soft-opening'.

We were seated promptly and all the servers are extremely polite (typical in a Japanese restaurant). Noticing that the restaurant is practically empty (just us and another table of 6), the service speed is naturally speedy. 

Since we were first timer there, we took some time to study the menu. Honmachi offers three different type of Japanese cuisine - Shabu Shabu, contemporary Japanese, and Yakiniku(Japanese BBQ). The seating area of Shabu Shabu and Yakiniku are separated, but the menu are the same. So it makes the menu is little confusing with lots of words on it and items on it (you cannot order Shabu Shabu if you seat in the BBQ area; vice versa). The menu engineering is little strange for this restaurant. For instance, the 'kobe' selection priced only a little margin above regular beef which is a surprised if they are authentic 'kobe'. 

We ordered the Yakiniku set for two just to save some hassle to choose a la carte. The set just stated 'variable' items, so we asked what is included. Surprisingly, the server flipped over her 'notebook' to find what is included. Well...consider it is their 'soft-opening'...that;s okay. However, when our food was brought to our table, we were told they run out of scallop, so they will sub it with lemon garlic shrimp. Minutes later, the server come again with our shrimp told us that they do not have lemon garlic shrimp either but instead give us a regular shrimp with additional two pork sausages. We are easy-going so it is not a big deal. However, It is confusing and I think the management should work on it. (it is reviewed in previous entries, that they seem to have some trouble make all items available)

The taste of the foods are quite decent and properly marinated. Although it is our 'n-th' times having Japanese/Korean BBQ, we pretend we dont know how to do it, and the server kindly offered us help - a good plus. 

Final Verdict: the food and services are actually quite good. However, the price is bit too steep. If you feel comfortable BBQ/Shabu Shabu on your own, and don't mind to pay a little more for the ambient decor, you can give it a try. If not, you can probably find something similar, if not more decent, with a much tastier price tag.笑
The sign caught my eye and I was interested in seeing what this new restaurant had to offer. I was surprised they opened this up in the same shopping center as Swish, another Shabu Shabu restaurant.  The décor was beautiful with nice dark brown tones and orange highlights.  The restaurant has an all you can eat BBQ menu for only $20 or you can order the Yakiniku service which includes a combination of meat and vegetables for the whole table.  They also serve their meet Shabu Shabu style.  So basically, you're cooking at your own table.  I've been to others, but the way they marinated their meat was so tasty.  I recommend the all you can eat menu at $20 as the best value.  They also have a Karaoke bar connected by a hallway that shares bathrooms.  The only problem is, it gets smoky in there.  I wasn't too happy with their ventilation system, hence the 4 stars.笑
It's advertised as JAPANESE BBQ, but it feels like a fusion of Korean and Japanese.  There's tasty Kalbi written as Karubi.... ahhaha.  FOr a limited time, they're having $20 AYCE (All you can eat) for all the meat and goodies you can get into your belly!  Not a bad deal.

My favorite items would have to be (in descending order) - Karubi (kalbi, flavorful), ribeye (very tender and juicy) and the kurobuta sausage (texture-gasmic hot dog experience ^_^*)   Other items - gyu-tan (beef tongue), bacon wrapped asparagus, bacon wrapped enoki, miso salmon.  Also, they have a fun dessert option (not included in AYCE), smores!!  yip!

p.s.  Wear clothes you don't want to stink up because you are grilling your own food over a charcoal grill set up.  LIke any other Korean/Japanese BBQ experience, you come out smelling just wonderful, almost as good at HOt & Juicy Crawfish笑
Three tables on a Saturday night should be a clue.

We had shabu shabu. It was just ok. Upcharges for everything including sauce.

On our way out, we saw a $20 all you can eat BBQ menu. 

They knew it was our first time and couldnt be bothered to even mention that special.

Left a sour taste in our mouths. Will never return.笑
Dear Honmachi,

Please make up your mind.  I pass you every day and want to visit, but for the past 6 months you've denied me.  I've seen newspaper ads and coupons, but still nothing.  I hope one day we can resolve our issues, but until then the least you could do would be to take down your deceiving "now open" sign.

Thank you,

Irene笑
i ate here in march 2009. This is an old review. I thought I had reviewed this place on yelp, but I guess not.

*** IS THIS PLACE CLOSED???**********
I called their number and it said its out of service. I clicked on their link and the 20% coupon said the place is closed.

great deal. came here mistakenly while looking for another restaurant. the decor kept us l looking, but the ayce menu sat us down. '

the meat was perfect, the service was good. it wasnt too crowded because it was a thursday night. my boyfriend.

I hardly remembered what we ordered, but I remember the meat was very fresh and when we cooked it to med rare it was absolutely delicious. I ate a little too much bacon wrapped asparagus and so next time I will eat less. At that time, they didn't have their liquor license, so hopefully by now they do. You have to eat bbq with some sake!笑
Finally Vegas has a killer Japanese BBQ Joint. This PLACE RULES..Seriously, EXCEPTIONAL. Great Service AMAZING food. HIGHLY HIGHLY RECOMMENDED. Luckily i got in on the all you can eat for 20.00 but I would gladly pay more. Don't even think about not trying this place.