Didn't have French onion soup or baguettes. What bread store doesn't have bread? Cashier declared "WE DONT DO FRENCH ONION". When I asked what they had instead she stared at me and said nothing.Ǿ
Well I have been going to this particular location for a while, it was fantastic when it came about. It is in a fantastic location for a couple of reason 1. It is a great place to grab a quick lunch that isn't flash heated and during work, 2. For the same reasons, it is a great place to stop afterwork for some nice soup or sandwiches. Their coffee is pretty good as well add their lemonade. You really can't go wrong with Panera and finally the Fitchburg Location is a great addition to the arsenal.Ǿ
Panera is great. Food is spectacular. However this location is horrible. Customer service is non-existant here. You are made to feel like they are doing you a favor by taking your order or providing your food. go to another location or restaurant. This one is BAD!Ǿ
This Panera is like all the others, free wifi, a good place to study, and free refills on coffee.  However, this one closes early at 8p every day except Sunday, when they close at 7p.  Usually they are nice and won't kick you out right at closing.  There are also only a few good tables to get power if you are using a laptop, and they aren't the best for spreading out your studying material.  But it's free, so I don't want to complain.  

Overall, the food is good.  If you are l looking for something healthy, get the "You Pick Two" with a turkey sandwich and black bean soup.Ǿ
Staff here is hit or miss: every time I make a trip here, I always get greeted by a grumpy lady or a super nice guy. (But the food is so good, I deal with it anyways). Me and my boyfriend get the chicken noodle soup bread bowl when we go. I always dip the lid of the bread bowl in the soup and eat it that way- it is amazing oml. I also get a French baguette for my side for the same reason. He gets kettle cooked chips for his side. I prefer the bread. Overall though, this place foodwise is amazing. Had it yesterday and getting it to go today!Ǿ
A bbq chicken flatbread comes with spinach mine had none... We didn't get a buzzer causing us to retrieve cold food :/Ǿ
I work fairly close to Panera and at first, I was excited to be so nearby, but after all the mediocre experiences and the last nail in the coffin, I won't be returning here.
I've always felt that the customer service here has been sub-par to the service I have received at most other Panera locations. Most associates have either seemed bored or snarky. But I can overlook this most times as long as I receive tasty food and drinks at a timely fashion.
This certainly did not happen on Valentines day, when I decided to use the very last bit of money I had to treat myself and get a Cappuccino. I had thought about stopping off at the McDonalds near my house, but I dislike Mickey Ds and wanted to use my money on something that I would enjoy.
When I walked in.....there was one cashier and many many customers. And about 5 employees scrambling around behind the cashier to get pastries for people (strange logic).
After waiting patiently for my turn for 10 minutes, I ordered a cappuccino with some sugar free vanilla syrup from a guy who acted a little short with me. Then I waited another 5 minutes for my drink and when the guy handed me my drink, I knew immediately that something was wrong because the cup had no weight to it.
I looked inside, stirred around trying to find espresso, but the cup was PURE FOAM.
I wasted almost $5 on a cup of milk foam. At this time, I was needing to hurry and get to work, so I tried to fix it and put some coffee in my cup, but all of the coffees were out except for the hazelnut. I didn't want the hazelnut, but there was no choice.
And that's it. I will never be back again. 

It pains me to say this, but I probably would have received a better drink (or at least a full one) and better customer service at Mc Donalds.Ǿ
This is for service as this is my first experience at a Panera...visited this location at 730 AM as it's next to the hotel I was staying at.  Looked up the menu the night before  because I wanted something to eat before my flight out.  Wanted the "Pick 2" deal so ordered a panini and a broccoli cheese soup.  Response from cashier was, "Ee don't have soup right now."  Ok, would be nice if u explained why.  I can only assume soup isn't served until later.  Soup nazi?  Lol.  
As for the chipotle chicken panini it tasted good.  Nice amount of spice and still warm when I ate it back in my hotel room.Ǿ
It's not in Hawaii yet, so it is one of the more popular chains on the US mainland that I needed to go to, just to get my fix. Panera Bread is a part coffee / breakfast place, along with it being a different experience to Starbucks and other similar eateries. Maybe they do copy Starbucks on some aspects, but clearly Panera Bread is something pretty awesome. Too bad they're not in Hawaii just yet, but I wish they would be so that they can compete with Starbucks

Part bakery as well, Panera Bread prides itself on good customer service and lots of its delicious products freshly made and handcrafted to its clientele each day. This particular Panera Bread location I have visited is part of the Hatchery Hill shopping complex, located in Fitchburg WI. I really liked their restaurant layout, which is part restaurant and part cafe, with some power outlets to recharge portable handheld devices while on the go.

Not a lot of things else to say about Panera Bread other than they have good food products. While I do not drink coffee anymore, I ordered their hot chocolate, oatmeal, and their breakfast smash sandwich recently and it was col
cool. The prices can be pricey, but it can be your alternative to daily grind of fast food. I'm sure Panera Bread draws all sorts of clientele, so they can give Starbucks a run for their money - at least. Prices here are kinda jacked up there for the meals and sandwiches they serve. While Panera Bread I imagine is a national chain, it does have its benefits. 

There is plenty of parking here within the shopping center, with some parts of these spaces are dedicated to just Panera Bread. That's pretty awesome anyway. Many people - just like Starbucks - come here to chat, hang out, read, do whatever while enjoying Panera Bread's food and beverages. Like Starbucks, they won't kick you out for anything, as long as you aren't loud or doing anything obnoxious that will get your ass kicked out of the store. It can get busy during the morning and other peak times, so plan accordingly.

Support local!

BǾ
Paneras is typically a decent place to get a bagel and salad.  The food is usually alright, yet overpriced for what you get.  I can normally overlook that if the customer service makes up for it.  Sadly, that is not the case with this particular location.  The customer "service" at this location is typically poor, but today's visit was horrendous!  It was as if I was doing them a favor by letting them take my money!  My gift card was not appropriately applied and when I got the attention of a manager to try and remedy it, he did not fill me with confidence that it was fixed.  It was as if somehow I was at fault for their computers not working, and what an inconvenience I was to deal with.  Clearly, they must be making tons of money that they can afford to be so rude and disrespectful to their customers.  Go anywhere else but here...there's plenty of other places to be treated badly,  for less.Ǿ
This Panera is solidly what I expect from Panera. The food is consistently good and the restaurant is clean. Easy parking and friendly service.

The only downside to this Panera location is that it is EXTREMELY busy in the morning on weekdays and often busy at other times. Unfortunately, they haven't quite mastered moving the line during peak hours. 

If you're getting it to go, use their Rapid Pickup service for a quick in and out. I live a few blocks away and have ordered from my driveway on my smart phone which makes for a less than 5 min stop during busy mornings - and 3 min are spent filling my coffee cup...because mornings. My order has always been on the shelf by the time I arrive (before the guaranteed time) and there are 2 parking spots up front dedicated to Rapid Pickup.Ǿ
It is chain rating time for me folks... So here is another one for ya...  

Panera has some goooooood pumpkin spice lattes, and brownies, and danishes, and coffee, and turkey cranberry sandwiches, and power breakfast sandwiches, and soup, and  and and and.......  

That is all.Ǿ
I generally get decent service here. My most recent trip to this location was a Saturday morning about 9 am. When I arrived the person a few people ahead of me for the last bagel in the whole place. They weren't just out of what I was hoping for, but every variety of bagel. So I opted for a sandwich. When I ordered I was informed that they did not have the type of bread it was served on, but they could make it on what they did have. Overall I was very disappointed for being a Saturday morning and being out of neatly everything.Ǿ
PSA for the day:
Don't let Panera's claim to have gluten "conscious" bakery fool you! It's NOT gluten free, which I found out the hard way after only 2 bites. Their version of gluten "conscious" bakery is not meant for people who can't eat gluten (celiac disease or wheat allergies), which is not specified on the signs or labels in their store. You have to look at the fine print on their printed catering menu. Thanks for the gut ache, Panera!Ǿ
I had an awful experience here.  It took the cashier 5 minute to punch my order into the cash register, then wasted another couple of minutes explaining to me that they changed their menu and its all "screwed up".  After waiting another 10 minutes for my latte, I finally asked the lady behind the counter if the coffee was going to take much longer because I was in a hurry.  She looked at me with a snare , didn't say a word, then instructed the cashier to refund my money...which I didn't ask for.  As the cashier handed me my refund I said "I didn't ask for a refund, I just wanted to know how long it was going to take".  They both just stared at me without a word, so I said, "fine.  I find coffee elsewhere".  As I was walking out she declared to the customers in line with a giggle "she DID ask for her money back!'  I will not be going back here.Ǿ
Panera Bread has taken off the Chipotle Chicken Panini off the menu, if you want it back as bad as I do, sign my petition by quickly clicking this link http://www.thepetitionsite.com/503/274/237/panera-bread-please-bring-back-the-chicken-chipotle-panini./Ǿ
I rally like this panera.
Always great food, but a bit much $ for what you get I think.   However, the quality is great, and also consistent, so you get what you pay for.    
The tea is the best.  Great bread bowls! !!Ǿ
It's funny that they have BREAD in the title because bread is hardly what this place makes me think of.   Instead I think of it as Panera Sandwich Company.  Nothing exciting about the bread.  I used to eat here quite a bit.  The sandwich quality has gone downhill.  The value for the dollar we think is a bit out of proportion.  We don't like the "wait your own table" set up.  We have never had a good cup of coffee here.  The bakery has always been just so-so.   Recently they were somewhat disorganized and weren't able to fill some of our order at the time. 
Their patio is nice with a nice view but rather small.  They need to really improve their food all the way around.   
We can pay the same price at the Great Dane next door for way way better food and we are more than happy to pay 20% tip for a better dining experience.
Went here recently to see if anything had changed and ordered the turkey artichoke sandwich.  I used to order this one in past years.   What a got was a similar sandwich with spinach and turkey.  No artichoke.  I took it back to the counter and they said the artichoke is in there it is just in the sauce!   I should have refused it and ordered something else but I ate it and it was ok.   Very skimpy turkey portions in sandwich and mostly bread.   Way way overpriced for what I got.   This is really pathetic.
The interior is pretty clean and pleasant.  Many people like it for it's internet and coffee shop atmosphere I think and miss how crumby their actual food and service is.
I now lower them to 1 star.

update:  I stopped going to this place some time ago but returned because a friend insisted (above visit) and I won a 5 dollar gift card so I went there to use it up.
When I got there a manager was about to explain to a customer why her receipt was rung up the way it was and she said she didn't care to know.   But the manager insisted on explaining the bill to which she reluctantly allowed him to finish.  
Now when I am ordering at this place I am invariably asked again and again if I am ready to order.  Don't they see that I am looking at the menu which is hung behind them?  So I won't be ordering until I decide and when I decide I will know to walk up to the register to order.
I decided to try the Ham and Turkey Panini because it was a little more expensive and one I had not tried in the past.  I think it was 8.25.  So with my card I spent  three and a quarter.   The sandwich came with a bag of chips.  It was a pretty large sandwich and the bread was good.  The ham was of somewhat ample portions but the turkey was skimpy and the cheese was almost non-existent.   What they do is shave the cheese paper thin and put two slices on the sandwich.   This is not what I call a good panini.  I give it about a 6 as it was fresh and tasted ok.  But it was nothing to rave about nor come back for.  It should have cost around 5 bucks for its simplicity and skimpiness.   
Look at it this way.   I can buy a frozen dinner for 4 bucks which will have a protein, carb and vegetable and weigh in at about the same weight as the sandwiches I get from Panera.   But I have to pay double at this joint. 
Sadly, Panera didn't used to be like this.   They used to have a turkey artichoke sandwich that was loaded with artichoke, turkey and cheese and the bread was delicious.   So someone came in and revamped all the food and wrecked the place.
Amazingly this has not dampened the number of patrons.  What I think is happening here is that Panera has a type of coffeshop feel and people meet there for it's casual atmosphere without paying a lot of attention to the quality of their food.   They sit, they talk with friends and eat their food and just have a good time not realizing that they just got ripped off and made to wait on their own table!  I gotta hand it to them.  They sure pulled off a good scam when they came up with the idea for this place.
Now please.   No more gift certificates.   They are more "insult certificates" than anything.

Update: 2017.  I had a wonderful meal at the Panera Bread in West Bend not too long ago so I decided to order the same thing from this location to go.  Boy was this a mistake.  Are no two Panera Breads alike?  Mac and Cheese portion was about half of what I got at the West Bend location and my sandwich was skimpy and thus overpriced.  What a disappointment.Ǿ
A Friend & I stopped at this Panera's on Friday at 9:00 for coffee and bagels. We were told they were totally out of bagels, they just had been so busy they ran out completely. We ended up getting a couple of breakfast sandwiches instead. Although about 10 minutes later there were bagels again, we were never offered to wait a few minutes instead of ordering something else. When we talked to the person in charge upon leaving she gave us an excuse that they had to call around other stores to see if they could get some, I think they only make so many so that customers will order the other items at double to triple the price of a bagel.Ǿ
Better sandwiches to be had at Barrique's for about the same price and the service is just not good.  They have good, expensive, bread for sale but find a local bakery.  Just not worth it.Ǿ
Good points:
Plenty of parking. 
Sandwich I ate was delicious (Med. veggie).

Bad points:
Notwithstanding recent articles on how "healthful" their menu has become, I find it rather pitiful.  They did include a real apple with my sandwich, though.  There's too much emphasis on sweet pastries! 
Weak coffee. 
Over priced for what you get. 
Service is weak (even for Madtown).Ǿ
I had a super impressive experience at this Panera yesterday. I ordered the Mac n Cheese. It is so creamy and delicious. Towards the bottom of my bowl there was a small piece of plastic. Sort of like the kind you would find on a freezer bag. I handed to the manager walking by. She did not say much when I gave it to her so at first I was kind of miffed. Then in a few minutes she returned with a cash refund for me. She apologized for what happened and I was happy with her response. What happened next was what really impressed me. A young man came out from behind the counter with a fresh meal for me. Knowing I had eaten most of my food already he brought some to go containers as well. They went above and beyond to make sure I was taken care of.Ǿ
Really like this location. The staff has always been nice regardless of the time of day I've gone. I really like their menu and believe they have the best rewards program of any restaurant I frequent. It's very easy to get freebies and considering I stop by at least once a week, they come quicker than what I can often keep up with and have long expiration dates. 

I love their pick 2 deal. My favorite combination is the Mediterranean Chicken Flatbread Sandwich and the Chicken Alfredo Tortellini. Very light meal but also fulfilling. It come with a side of ( your  choice) French bread, kettle chips or apple. It's actually quite a lot of food for under $12. A little pricey for what I would like to pay but the food really is good.Ǿ
I dislike panera to start with. I think it's over priced and under tasted. Lol! 

That said I do like being able to shame free order rapid pick up and select several bakery items and then grab em and go :)

I love their smoothies, and a guilty pleasure of cheese soup in a bread bowl! The service is hit or miss... One gal Nicole is supper nice and friendly. Others don't give two turds. They should offer trays for large orders that done in.Ǿ
Horrible customer service from the manager... the food is standard Panera Bread quality and not worth a trip back to this location. I walked in on 12/28, Sunday morning, Melissa the cashier was friendly and efficient. Then the manager, who was unorganized, running around (it wasn't busy) and creating a chaotic atmosphere appeared. Her name was Jessica, as I asked the cashier before I left. She didn't smile or offer a greeting to customers, instead she was rudely speaking to the team (complaining about a new person not understanding how to make a drink and being overwhelmed herself). The cashier and another team member were making 2 smoothies which had been ordered, 1 of them was mine. All was good then Jessica haphazardly delegated other tasks to the team members. My smoothie was finished mixing but needed to be poured into a cup. I asked if she could pour mine before moving on to the next one so my order could be completed. She said, "sir I know you want me to be 15 people but I'm only one person!". I responded, "focus on finishing 1 task before moving on to another." In addition, the team serving the sandwiches is average at best. Engage your team and delight your customers to ensure repeat business and you'll also be able to take down the "now hiring" sign. This Panera is lacking in both areas and I will not be returning, it's simply not worth it in terms of value.Ǿ
I had a few hours to waste so I ended up here so I could enjoy some iced coffee while doing some work on my computer.  The iced coffee is pretty good here and I was impressed.  I like it more than the Starbuck's version.

I had my computer so I wanted to find a table with a accessible plug-in, but I tried two different areas and couldn't find any outlets.  What the heck? 

I did end up ordering lunch here too and that was just okay.  I had the Thai Chopped Chicken salad and just wasn't a huge fan of the dressing.Ǿ
This Panera branch has clearly mastered customer service. Every time I come here, the cashiers are super nice and friendly, and I always leave smiling. 

The food is always good.

The takeout is very fast. 

When dining in, everything seems very clean.

Overall, solid Panera location that I'll keep on coming back to.Ǿ
Every time I order the Iced Caramel Latte I get a different variation. Today's was the worst. No caramel drizzle and it was still warm. When I asked if this was correct the lady told me that the "ice had melted and to go around and get more ice"...terrible customer service. She was super rude and just walked away.Ǿ
I do like Panera. I think that may be due to the fact that I only go there a 5-10 times a year. If I went more than once a month, I think it may have the ability to get old really quickly. They offer some nice sandwich and salad options, but there are usually only a couple that really are tasty. Bagels are great, but who can handle that carb load daily? Their coffee is okay. There's a lot of other places nearby that have better stuff. So my 4 stars is based on my 5-10 times a year average. Sometimes the service and food is a 3 and sometimes it's a 5.Ǿ
It's been a while since I've updated this review.  Morning service has definitely improved and been much more efficient...very nice!

Morning's and lunch are still quite busy.  If you're in a hurry, get here early...before 7 in mornings, or 11:45, at the latest, for lunch.  If you come during peak, you might find it difficult to get a place to sit.Ǿ
Worst Panera ever!!!! There is no line when you walk in. People cut in front of me several times. I'm pretty certain there is no manager at this location!!!   Don't get me started on the attitude of workers! They would rather be anywhere but here.  Question: How can the food be so much worse at one Panera over another? Close it up and try again!!!!!Ǿ
Counter service was quick, but the sandwich delivery was a bit slow. Coffee and bagels were excellent and that why I go here. Those cinnamon crunch bagels with honey walnut cream cheese are crack! Yum!Ǿ
There's something about this Panara that grates on my nerves.  Maybe it's the surly service.  Maybe it's the couldn't care less about the customer attitude.  The food is ok but there are other restaurant options close by.