I've been going to this Captain D's, on and off, for many years. The quality of the experience seems to come and go with the coming and going of management. It has fluctuated from outstanding (for fried fast food fish products) to dismal. Customer service (i.e., quality of employee) has equally fluctuated.  I'll spare you the horror stories...

This location seems to be on an upswing. A recent visit revealed that fried clam strips are no longer a menu item (bummer) and the fried fish are more strips than planks. 

Quite satisfying, nonetheless. Take your chances; they're looking up recently!Ǿ
just picked up some food. there's a hair fried into the outside of my hush puppy. gross. going to get my money back. worst seafood I've ever tasted EVER...Ǿ
I generally don't have dined at this facility, however today I felt like some fish and was at the drive-through getting what I thought was a regular fish dinner. It was my fault I ordered something that was different from what I expected. After I drove off I turned around, went inside, requested to verify that what I ordered was what I received. And management and the staff were so kind and friendly, they without hesitation asked me what I actually thought I was getting, and took what I ordered back and exchanged it without any fuss or cost or any hassle to what I actually wanted. Even though it would've been an up charge to it. What a great way to serve a customer. I will definitely recommend this facility and command to management and the team for their efforts.Ǿ
Okay let me break it down for you like this; It's Captain D's! They have fish and some chicken. I don't expect a lot from this place. You may find yourself waiting in the drive-thru and being approached by a bum looking for money. When that happens it goes down as such; "hey you got any money?", "uh no" (which they know is a lie because you are buying food), "ah come on man just a dollar", "I don't carry cash" (which is a lie because you do). You then wait for like 20 minutes while the bum watches you hand the cashier a crisp twenty dollar bill. You then make eye contact with the bum and feel ashamed. You can see it in his eyes, the whole "you son of a bitch" look. I usually crack a smile at this point because I'm all like "the joke's on you bum". By the way, what in the hell does the D stand for? Dirty? Delicious? Dangerous? Historians maintain the history has been lost forever. I will just assume it stands for "Captain Don'tcomehereanymore"Ǿ
When I realized we'd be staying closer to Captain D's for the next three days, I was looking forward to it. I love seafood. But this was like going into your enemies house for dinner and ordering from someone who hates you. Shawntee was unbelievably rude and surely. Not to mention unkempt. A shame really. The food was really good and fresh. I would have liked to try their other choices. Because of her I won't be back. There are too many places around here to choose from.Ǿ
Very fast drive through. The girl working the drive through window was very friendly and nice. I would recommend this Captain D's. One of the best I've ever been to.Ǿ
Very disappointed with the drive through. While the fish was too greasy and the fries were limp, when we got home five minutes later, there were no forks or napkins or tartar sauce or ketchup. What's up with that? I won't be back.Ǿ
It was a Sunday afternoon and I was craving some fish, so I stopped by this location to try their new special that included fish tenders and fries.

The parking lot is a bit of an amusement park of sorts, you can either go around the entire business and park on the hill or behind the business and "drive thru" order board and park there. Needless to say, you should be very careful parking. 

I walked in and the place was pretty empty, so I was hoping for quick service, ordered the special and then waited....and waited. I hoped that meant they were cooking it up nice and fresh for me. When the order was finally ready, I asked for some condiments, and was on my merry way. 

I was not WOWed by the service, but hey, she took my order and the food was hot. 

I agree with previous reviews the food was a little salty, but its pre-frozen fish so I wouldn't expecting anything less. The fish tenders were good, you get four of them in the order and they were crunchy an flaky. The french fries were hot, I just wish there would have been a few more of them! 

So pretty much, I got exactly what I expected at this location and with the food. A-OK.Ǿ
We went there wanting seafood, we left feeling discriminated against.

We went in and ordered.  We noticed both Caucasian and African Americans guest spread out thru out the diner.  We are Caucasian and Hispanic.  We sat at the booths on the side of the dinner near side parking lot.  We had a view of the entire dinner.  Wait wasn't long for food.  While waiting, we notice a young African American woman worker walking around, asking guests if they needed anything for refills.  Thought that was nice.  Not till after we got our food - we noticed the same worker walking around, with a tray of side items, to guest asking if they wanted another serving of fish.  Then we noticed it was only to African American guest.  Half thru our eating we noticed the same worker with tea offering refills and passed us, as well as the other Caucasian guests, and never offered us anything.  After that, we had enough and decide to finish what we had in our hands and leave.  

We will never return to this Captain D's.  This will be sent to someone for further review.  This dinner does not rate a star but had to put one to leave a post.Ǿ
Three things you need to know, and that is all. 

1. After eating here, I must have drank an entire gallon of water, it was so salty. 

2. I had a $2 off coupon for Captain D's and was in a pinch for food one day and decided to stop in real quick for some sustenance. 

3. The food was obviously previously frozen and the deep-fried items didn't taste right. (You know that rancid oil taste when you don't change out the deep fryer?) The tile floor was sticky and slick, and tables not wiped down. 

Overall, I felt greasy and un-clean after eating here.  If you see a Long John Silver's, I'd recommend that over this Cap D's location.Ǿ
Not quite sure what the hubbub is about with some reviews because I genuinely like this Captain D's.  It is my comfort food go to stop when I'm craving fried fish, hush puppies, and Cole Slaw.  

First, let's face it, this a very crowded location and I've never been when their wasn't a wait.  But, the team always tries to move things along and prevent backupd. Only really challenges is when car loads of folks go through tge drive through and order for 6 people and then divide checks.  That's just a drive through etiquette problem #Rude. 

My orders have always been correct, they remind me to ask for sauce, food is hot, and the smell is heavenly.  Can't say there is a way to improve on the quality of the food.  It's fried and it's delicious. 

Only drawback is the wait when the line is long.  5 Stars for everything but the wait.  KudosǾ
This is the place to go if you craving for fried fish and want quick service with nothing to fancy. I went here twice. Both times is through the drive thru. Service was quick. First time, I had something like 4 fried filets with coleslaw. Actually what I expected. Very flaky and hot. Yesterday I order 2 fish filets with 6 fried shrimps, baked potatoes and a corn on the con. I must be carving because I can't complain. However, before you drive off. Check bag for condiments. They didn't provide with any butter nor  sour cream for my potato so I ate it plain. Will come back once the craving hit again!