My husband and I came for a date night. I had checked the menu online and planned on ordering a la carte but when we arrived the buffet looked so delicious that we both decided to have that instead. The hummus was delicious, and the lentil soup was dense, substantial, and very tasty. There was a large selection of courses and we both loved everything we got. We will definitely be back.Ǿ
I was coming in from out of town and ordered takeout online. I wish I had waited to visit the restaurant first! They had a buffet set up that looked delicious. The dining area looked nice with comfortable seating. While I was waiting, the staff was very friendly and helpful. The manager/owner offered us coffee spiced with saffron and cardamom while we waited and we were even offered the opportunity to try some of the desserts from the buffet. It was great and I could barely suffer through the ride home to try what I actually ordered. The chicken shawarma was good, as well as the taboulleh salad and hummus. The gyro platter was delightful. The arayes was a must have and had a great blend of spices with some heat. Great food and exceptional customer service!Ǿ
What a welcome addition to the number of quality ethnic restaurants opening in the University area.  While some have catered more towards college students, a handful have raised their standard to the emerging professionals nearby.  Lazeez is a moderately priced, white table cloth sit down offering daily specials along with familiar eastern Mediterranean fare.

Monday lunch special is a lamb shank on a bed of kabsa rice.  The flavors are well-developed, a little spicy, but easily tamed with the yogurt side sauce.  My server,  Iris, was as charming as any newcomer could be and helped with the menu and side selections.

Lazeez is a great compliment to Sithara and Le Kebab Grille.  I say let's support quality and give 'em a whirl!Ǿ
*Unfortunately this is a review based on what I saw after grabbing my takeout walking out to my car not the food. Word of advice: If you plan on bringing in 6 cans of RAID don't bring it through the front door. Yes, this is exactly what I saw. So the food was ruined for me before I could even open it. After seeing one of the workers do this I will never eat here again. Ever. That was disgusting. If I could give zero stars I would.Ǿ
Great authentic Mediterranean restaurant. Lamb was excellent and had the best baklava I have ever had. Definitely be back soon!Ǿ
Excellent Food, service was excellent, prices were great! Ordered chicken shawarma wrap, the chicken was well cooked and the wrap was not messy. The after dinner spiced coffee was a treat. We will return!Ǿ
Amazing food! Kabobs were a hit. The hookah hit the spot! Brand new and just opened. Owner is awesome as well! Check it out!Ǿ
Delicious, authentic food. We had falafel and chicken shawarma pita wraps. Great portion size for what you pay. Staff was very friendly and welcoming. Will be back very soon to try more dishes!Ǿ
Went to Lazeez with a friend to check out this new spot in the University Area

We ordered a large hummus appetizer. The pita bread they had was the type you get in the Middle East, very soft and thin (unlike greek pita)

The Hummus itself was fresh and had a great taste to it. Very creamy as well !

Management and our waitress (Marlene) was super nice and accommodating !Ǿ
Great tasting food! Would of appreciated some more pita with my order since I only got one and that came with my salad. I ordered a combo appetizer and that had two items that come with pita and I didn't get any with that. Just my inner fat kid talking though. Great food otherwise.Ǿ
Lunch was yummy! Our waitress, Iris was very accommodating. We had the chicken schwarma & ground turkey wraps. We ordered a side of garlic sauce, which was delicious. Will definitely be back. Thank youǾ
Delicious food and excellent service. Our server Mohamed was wonderful. They have an outdoor patio. It also looked like they offered hookah. I'm very happy this is near my neighborhood and will definitely be back. Also, there are vegetarian options, which is awesome for our family. Prices are very good and the portions were large. Super satisfied with our dining experience!Ǿ
Excellent food and excellent service! The babaganoush wad delicious.  I also had the kofta wrap and it was very good.Ǿ
Been here first time with my family. Food was really good. Nice flavour. Side i asked was  vegetable that was not upto mark, oter than that every thing was niceǾ
This was my first time visiting this restaurant and WOW! I'M AMAZED! I have eaten at many Halal restaurants in Charlotte and while the menus are typically the same, Lazeez has even more to offer. First, the service here is superb. We came in at 10:55 pm on a Saturday night and the restaurant closes for orders at 11 pm. Typically this means that you get lukewarm scraps and shoddy service. This was not the case at all! Our server was extremely polite, the food (more about that later) was steaming hot, and everything was served in a timely manner. 

Second, the ambiance! This was definitely the nicest dining area of the halal restaurants that I've visited. White tablecloths, nice drapery, traditional music and soft, yellow lighting set it apart from the other halal restaurants that seem to have more of a hustle and bustle, casual dining feel. This is a place where you could take a lady on a date and not feel as if you cheated her out of a finer dining experience. 

Finally, the food! Amazing! Like I said, we got there close to the kitchen closing time. They were still serving hookah on the patio (which, btw, had a nice sky d system and chairs outside. It was like a party out there!). First we got the citrus splash as our drink. It was freshly blended with ice, lemon water and fresh mint. It was so refreshing and an absolute treat! My husband ordered the chicken kabobs and I ordered the Mokat, which is a lamb shank. Each entree came with 2 sides and we both chose the Molokhia soup. The soup was steaming hot and extremely delicious. Our food, as well, was perfectly seasoned. The chicken was moist and grilled to perfection and my lamb literally fell off of the bone when I cut it. I literally have nothing to complain about!

Finally, closing out our ticket was a breeze. The waitress brought her iPad to the table, scanned our card, we selected the tip amount and were ready to leave in less than 3 minutes. 

So, if you've managed to make it to the end of this review (Yes, I'm wordy lol), you can pretty much tell that I loved this place and will definitely be returning soon! I hope more people learn more about this restaurant and support it, but being that the blue line garage is literally next door, I don't think that they'll have any issuesǾ
The dishes were so blank. Falafel was good though. Other than that the buffet was a disappointmentǾ
Excellent hummus and shrimp kabobs. Staff is friendly and accomodating. Try the desserts.Ǿ
We were in the university area around lunch time and had read so many good reviews we had to stop.  Overall it was good and would like to try it again.  

Food -   So many options on the menu.  Everything looked so good.  The waitress was helpful with our questions and help narrow it down.  So here is what we decided on:

- Combination appetizer.  We picked Hummus, Dolmades and Falafels.   I would say that the Dolmades were the best.  They practically melted in your mouth.  Hummus was second best that had a very smooth consistency.  Finally the Falafel.  Personally I think that it was a little over done. 

- Chicken Swarma wrap.  My wife had this and thought it was good.  I had a bite  and thought it was also good.  

- Gyro Wrap.  This was my second choice as they didn't have Lamb Swarma.  Not sure how that happens but the Gyro was good.  The meat wasn't as seasoned as what I have had in the past but it was good.  

Service-   So we were pretty disappointed with the service.   The restaurant was moderately busy but they only had one waitress.  I don't blame her because she was running the entire time.   It's really bad that she was put in that situation.  

Overall I would try it again.  Probably would try an entree next time (waitresses original suggestion).Ǿ
The food here was incredible. We got the chicken shawarma over rice and a beef kebab wrap and neither one disappointed. A perfect balance of flavor and texture. The best part was desert, which we almost skipped out on, but thankfully didn't. The baklava I had here was unparalleled to any I've ever had the blessing of tasting. Absolutely delicious and flakey, with a burst of crunchiness and sweetness on the inside. Our baklava was accompanied by a coffee that further enhanced and brought out the flavors of our desert, I don't even like coffee but I ended up drinking this. The service was incredible as well and the restaurant had a very authentic vibe that I loved. Definetly going to be eating here again.Ǿ
First time visit and I was very impressed. Kind of hidden behind another building near a CATS terminal near uncc but worth the trip. Stuffed grape leaves, hummas, and kibbie so delicious. When you walk in you can smell the charcoal from the kitchen. tastes so authentic.Ǿ
Husband and I ordered take out-  gyro, chicken Schwarma sandwich with fries and small hummus. Both sandwiches were good. Not great but solid. Fries were a bit limp. Hummus was creamy and tasty. Overall a solid meal.Ǿ
We could not have been more pleased with our first lunch here: the service, the setting, chicken shawarma over rice, and chicken pita that came with pickled cauliflower and olives.  Best of all was the Molokhia soup: it was perfect!

I do hope that this good restaurant finds a permanent home in the previously unlucky location behind the new blue line parking deck.Ǿ
I have tried many different entrees from Lazeez. It has very decent quality! Their lamb shank is amazing. Felafel special sandwich is a must try. Their kabobs are good and their side options is just so diverse. Lazeez stands superior to all the restaurants of the same category, in terms of quality and service, at least in the university area.Ǿ
Loved this place!! The staff was incredibly accommodating and the food was authentic and delicious. Complimentary starter and Arabic coffee to end my lunch. I will definitely be back when I'm in the area!Ǿ
The smoothies aren't that great, had the citrus and tropical thunder. The citrus was to sour the tropical was warm and thick with a very heavy banana flavor, both of which I wouldn't order again. The food was wonderful, had the lamb mutton I think it was called and the kabobs.the humus was delicious, the kabobs were excellent and so was the lamb, didn't care for all the bones though. Other than that my only complaint is the food was all brought out at the same time. Would definitely go back.Ǿ
A bit hard to find but worth it   Falafel is very good and the Greek salad perfect    Chicken Shawarma over rice is Delicious!!  Very reasonably priced  our server (LuLu)  was wonderful   Glad we found this!!Ǿ
We were pleasantly surprised...we walked in with low expectations based on the number of cars in the parking lot.  Boy were we surprised, the food was absolutely delicious, everything was very tasty and well seasoned.  Our server was very good and took the time to explain everything and answer all of our questions. The service was top notch and the prices were great.  I have gone to many other Mediterranean restaurants in Charlotte but this one was definitely the best...I will absolutely be going back.Ǿ
Stopped in for lunch while on a work trip - great food and very friendly service. We got the chicken schwarma with rice meal, chicken schwarma wrap, hummus, and baba ghanoush. Would definitely recommend.Ǿ
My husband and I had lunch here and the food is amazing! The service was great too!
Authentic and absolutely delicious. We definitely recommend it!