I've only ever ordered delivery from this place but it's always been so damn good so don't that stop you from going in. The poutine is delicious, thier Dagwood burger is to die for and thier onion rings are always golden and crunchy. This place is fast-food at it's best and it won't break the bank if you're looking for a quick, hassle free meal.笑
CDI (as those familiar with Canada Drive-In call the place) used to be our fave and we crossed the threshold of this eatery, eagerly, once a week and sometimes even twice a week. We enjoyed their subs, the brochettes, the poutine and fries and of course, the sublime pizza. But about a year ago, we were served the most terrible pizza ever. Whaaat?
We were surely their best customers! Not only were we shocked that the pizza was inedible but we were hurt that we'd been served such sludge.
Had we just become too familiar and therefore, the cooks knew we would return so why bother trying to make a great pizza? Or was it just a bad day? Whatever...we didn't return for months and now, I go just for a simple breakfast now and then. Too bad really - they lost great customers.笑
Canada Drive-in is always a must stop when visiting family in Chateauguay. This place has been around for as long as I can remember, and is your one stop shop for Quebec's delicious fast food offerings.

From the unbelieveable pizza (puts all Ontario pizza offerings to shame), to the smoked meat sandwiches, to the legendary Canada Drive-In special hot submarine sandwich, and to the ever so classic poutine, these guys do it right. The best fast food you can ever dream of. If only this could be brought over the border to Toronto...

See you next time!笑
If I finished the entire meal in one sitting, I would gain 5lbs each time. Greasy spoon at it's best. By far the best Pizza in town, with the freshest ingredients and one of the few places in the area that still offer free delivery. While everyone else has gone with healthy breakfasts, this place still offers you the morning specials of Bacon & Eggs! A Chateauguay establishment, especially if you've got the munchies at 1am!