When ever I feel like getting bubble tea this is the first place I'd think of going. By far my favourite. I like the decor and the bubbles, and the flavours are just sooo good. =D. Its a vary nice place to just chill and have a drink with friends.笑
Go 4 Tea used to be the WOW place to go for bubble tea. But as the whole WOW effect died down... whats so good about this place? 

Well, their tea and food is great.. and the environment is very comfortable. Also offers free interenet as well. 

The only bad thing is the price is on the higher side which u would expect to spent $10 to $20 for a drink with food. A drink itself would probably cost you around $5 to $8 bucks.笑
Go For Tea--yeah why not--a fob name for a fob establishment. 

Never have I come here to that of my own accord, but regardless of my utter indifference for bubble tea, it is a inescapable social obligation of a Chinese person living in the GTA .  

People from all walks of life visit this tea shoppe, but I can't figure out why.  Friends from Richmond Hill, Thronhill, Bridal Path, Scarborough, North York, Hogs Hollow, even Downtown all come here.  But what warrants this place's popularity?  It looks and feels similar to other places like Destiny's, only slightly more intimate.  Could that be the reason?  
The décor is very cosy despite the high ceilings, the lightings design (I must admit) is very well done for a tea shoppe, crisp rectangular chandeliers hang from quasi-wood-like objects, and there's a semi-private section to the North side of the entrance where there is constant card-playing.  It really does feel like a very wide corridor.  Half the seats here are wall panels, the other half booths.  
Also, the very highly maintained washroom is noteworthy, as I have never encountered an occasions where it was dirty.  This is very important. 
Fine, it's a comfortable space.

I can say that the drink selection is rather extensive, but that's the case for most places..as long as you're not at 168.  The food is identical to that of Destiny's, perhaps smaller in portion, but equal in quality.  But the waitresses here are obviously prettier, and better uniformed.
I'm almost certain that the hiring process for the female wait staff here is based on how high their uniform skirts rises on these girls' legs, and if it does not reach a height considered to be promiscuous, you cannot be hired.  Hey, it's March 8th...Happy International Women's Day!  

Yup, don't why I ever come here....^笑
First time coming here. I came here with friends on a weekday afternoon. Interior looks nice... lots of wood. It was pretty empty... only about 4-5 tables occupied. We received service through a push button mechanism. Staff expect customers to order individually, rather than ordering to share. We had to actually ask for extra cutlery and plates... Service is only there when you ask for it.

On to the food!

We ordered the:
Fried rice Lunch set - $8.99
- comes with 1 soup, 2 spring rolls, and kernels
Thoughts: really oily fried rice.  It looked like clumpy sticky rice. Tastes okay. It was the last dish to come. Soup was good, it was a pork rib based soup with radish...also some ribs in there. Spring rolls meh. Kernels.... no one touched that.

Beef green pepper and onion + Lamb and Cumin - $18.99 
 - comes with 2 rice and 1 soup
Thoughts: Both are very oily. But lamb and cumin was swimming in oil. Ugh... The lamb and cumin dish was over-spiced with cumin to the point that i had a mouthful of cumin seeds each time I took a bite. It was too pungent; it totally overpowered the lamb. Also, there was more onion than lamb in that dish. The beef and green pepper and onion was okay. The beef was soft. 

Taro spread on 1 thick toast of bread $5.99
 -  alternatively condensed milk version for $4.99
Thoughts: Good, tasty. But kinda too simple for $5.99. They burnt it the first time and it took forever to get to our table...

Overall, the food is overpriced and really oily. I feel that these dishes are not worthy of eating. I could make this at home and it would taste a lot better. And that says a lot. 
Lowest price of drink is $3.99 (small). Water is free, in a very small cup, and you must ask them to refill it.... practically no one around with a water jug (must buzz them in). As well, all customers are expected to order individual drinks. There was no option for hot tea in a teapot.笑
In protest of the lousy service that I've experienced at the Go For Tea in Scarborough, I decided to drive a bit further to their Richmond Hill location.  I do not mind driving the distance if it means that I'm less irritated on my way home about the horrible food experience.

This location is much bigger, although parking is not as plentiful as the Scarborough counterpart and you have to compete with patrons who share the lot with a plaza that is also home to a Baton Rouge.  

I ended up scoring a sweet parking spot that I am surprised was not reserved as a Handicap spot because of its proximity to the front entrance, but I shall shut up and count my blessings!

We were promptly seated.  It appears that the employees hired at this location have a working knowledge on their English.  About 2 minutes after we were seated, our server came by to take our order.

I ordered a Honey Green Tea to nurse my undying cough, and Boyfriend ordered the Coffee Milk Tea.  

We lingered for about another hour longer after we finished our respective drinks, and I was surprised when a server brought us glasses of water.  

For once, I can say that I have found a bubble tea establishment that has quality service worth mentioning.  

They also do not set a password on their wi-fi which means that you can start surfing the moment you walk in the door.  The Scarborough location requires a password... I could crack a Scarborough joke, but I really don't think I need to add to the list of ever-growing Scarborough jokes that already exist.笑
We stopped in to grab a drink and a snack. I love the classy/modern feel. I wish we had a place like this in the Bay Area. 

As you can see in my pictures. Their reg size is plenty. However, if you are thirsty or looking for a drink to baby over the course of the evening - this is your drink size.

Will definitely come back again.笑
I have encountered way too many horrible incidents from this place to keep track. The only reason I ever go is because my friends choose to come here. Terrible service and they manage to screw up almost every order. 

Here are some examples:
- I would often find things in my drink that aren't supposed to be there.
- Some items never arrive. Sometimes even charged for it.
- Asked for honey green tea. Got black tea instead and they tried convincing me it's green tea and the dark colour is "because of the tapioca". Sent it back and got another that was actually green tea.
- The best one was when they included a surprise plastic lid inside my bowl of ramen at the very bottom. Didn't notice until I was halfway done eating it and dug out something hard. How on earth do you manage to do that? Still charged me for it even though the server was all wtf when I fished it out for him to see.

Bottom line is don't go here. Serissa is a 5 minute drive away with better drinks and service.笑
I can't stand Go For Tea.

Terrible, extremely over priced food and horrible service. 

I've only been here once, had a terrible experience and never came back. It was that bad. I usually give places 2 chances before I cross if off my list ... But Go For Tea isn't worth it.

Save your money and go to Green Grotto or even Ten Ren.笑
I gotta give it to this place...it has a mind-blowing selection of drinks and an ambiance anyone and EVERYONE would enjoy.  The decor is considered posh-like for a place where you simply go for snacks and drinks with friends.  If you need a cool hang-out place while out on a date THIS WOULD BE IT!!!  Definitely try their condensed milk toast...it's DEEEE-'lish!  Oh...stay away from the fried-tofu thing (it's on the appetizer list)...it's not tasty.  However, DO EXPERIMENT WITH THE DRINKS! =D笑
Still love coming here to hang out with friends and grab some small bites. I think part of my liking this place is because I don't live around here, so whenever I do come, it's always a refreshing change from back home. I agree with a lot of other Yelpers in that this place is somewhat overpriced, but if you order the better food and drink options, then it doesn't sting as much. :)

After trying quite a few drinks and small plates, I think I've narrowed down the ones that are worth getting.

1. Popcorn chicken a la carte ($4.99). There is a combo that gives you rice as well.
2. Mango green tea ($5.99 small, $6.99 large)
3. Shrimp and Egg fried rice ($9.99 CAD)

As previously mentioned, their popcorn chicken is fried well, and not greasy. Lean meats underneath a thin bread coating, and for an a la carte dish, portion is not skimped. Served with toothpicks, and plenty to munch on between 3-4 people, provided that you order another carbohydrate.

The mango green tea was well flavored, although sweet. I'd get this again next time, but request less sugar. Husband and I ordered 1 large, and that was plenty for the two of us. I couldn't imagine each ordering 1 large, because we'd probably be bouncing off the walls. Our friend ordered a Very mango slush (large size), and he couldn't finish it. Go with the small if you're looking to finish a drink on your own.

Shrimp and Egg fried rice has a nice and light flavor. I don't like my fried rice to be greasy or mushy, and Go For Tea does a good job in preparation. Flavors were basic in a salt and pepper with a little bit of soy flavor, but the shrimp were small, sweet and fresh. Two eggs were mixed in, and considering the portion of the rice was about 3 cups, this was a great balance in proportion.

The selling point of this place is the fact that it's open late (around 4am), and there is free wi-fi. Depending on the volume of people, the wi-fi speed can vary, but it's still reliable and works. On late weekend evenings, this place is loud, but the tables and booths are spaced pretty well so you're not shouting to your friends in order for them to hear you. :)

All in all, still like this place, and will come back here whenever I'm in the area and want a late night place to hang out and chat.笑
I've been here a few times before, but I don't head north of Steeles often anymore, so it's been a while since I've been here.

First thing to note is that Bubble tea has gotten pretty expensive over the years (it can be $10 including tax and tip etc, for a drink with no alcohol?!? - I'll take that with a shot of vodka, please...)  Nevertheless, we had a good time.  

I ordered a large almond green milk tea with tapioca, and the drink that came out was monsterous (it was the size of my head), the girls ordered some brick toast with condensed milk (for old times sake - but it's $4.99, and pretty big as far as brick toast goes).  Not to be cheap but it's pretty much a thick slice of bread with some condensed milk poured on top and toasted...the mark up on this is crazy (I need to buy me a bubble tea place, and retire, just kidding :))

So other than the prices getting a bit out of hand over the years, I'd say this was pretty good value, the portion sizes are massive, so I'd go with the regular size next time...笑
My office used to be a block away so I and my staff enjoyed an addiction to a daily bubble tea.  It was unusual in that they use a very fragrant, perfumed tea, which is superior to almost any other bubble tea place I have visited.

But about the food:  Today I stopped in after a 5 year lunchtime absence.  I ordered the lunch special #2, Chicken and Mushrooms in a Black Pepper sauce.  In regular Chinese food, a translucent sauce usually means very subtle in flavour, or even bland.  This was a perfect pepper sauce--just the right amount of pepper, and a layer of incredible spices that made the sauce alone outstanding!  The large chicken cubes were nicely cooked, along with the mushrooms and onion.

In addition to the main course the tray included a Winter Melon soup, a warm celery salad and a couple of small spring rolls along with a generous bowl of rice.  It was all delicious!

One thing I have noticed over the years:  Go For Tea is more Taiwanese than Chinese.  You don't see their variety of dishes on typical Chinese menus.  The flavours are bolder, and the execution has always been excellent.  Follow up the meal with a Coconut Milk Black Tea...笑
We ordered the dinner for 2; spicy chicken with spicy sesame sauce & lamb with onions and peppers. The chicken dish came out within 5 minutes, but lamb took a lot longer. Overall food was okay, service was terrible, atmosphere was nice.笑
The menu is ridiculously large. After 20 minutes of looking at all the drink options, I had to ask the waiter what he recommended. 

The place is quite large with tables and booth seating options. It's a good place to go with a group of friends and chit chat over fruity drinks or sit in a booth on your own and use up the free WiFi.笑
I think Ten Ren's bubble tea is better, but Go For Tea is cheaper. I like nut flavours so tried the almond and it was pretty good. Better atmosphere than Ten Ren - you can easily just sit there and chat/play games/read. The waiters are kind of really fobby, though (our didn't speak english well). They messed up one of our drinks, and after they took it back, we joked "man they're just going to throw it out." Nope. We saw one of the bubble tea baristas drinking it as we left lol.笑
Before even talking about the drinks and food here I have to commend this place as having a super clean men's washroom. Either Asians have no aim or no desire to keep their washrooms clean as typically I fear entering washrooms at places like this. Whatever the reason, I appreciate it and can only imagine their kitchen as being super clean if they can manage what many establishments fail to do. 

There is a huge selection of teas and drinks here. My favorite is the papaya milk. It is sweet, cold and refreshing. 

Their food items are of great value and everything is rather tasty.  Squid tentacles are a must have snack.  One of my favourites on the menu for a nice cold dessert during our hot summers is the shaved ice dessert.  They don't say it on the menu, but you can mix the toppings so for example instead of just taro or just red bean, you can have taro and red bean shaved ice.  A slight increase to the price, but worth it in terms of tastiness.笑
The decor in this tea shop is fantastic.  They really make an effort to decorate for some special occasions too, like Christmas - and it's not the cheesy green tinsel that you get that the dollar store.  It's really nice, with lights and ornaments.
My friends and I go here a lot just to talk over bubble tea and we're willing to wait the 15-20 minute wait sometimes for a table during busy hours (weekends at night).  The bubble tea is good, I like their "very very mango mango" (I think it's called... I just know it has multiples of the words "very" and "mango" in it).  
The food is usually good too (but over-priced).  The food serving portions used to be really large and so, that justified the high price but I noticed that they recently changed the portion sizes to about 1/2 to 3/4 of what they used to give!  That disappoints me greatly, or else I would have given 4 stars.笑
worse food ever, especially the lunch or dinner special, I'm 100% sure that the red curry chicken I had was made of left over chicken from different Chinese dishes because every bite tasted different and the red curry sauce is ready made from jars that was added to the food. I have travelled the world and ate all kind of food but never something as bad as this笑
Wow, I haven't been back here for over 5 years, and I don't know what happened to it.  I used to come here almost every weekend since it opened and it was the only alternative to a bar that was big enough to hold our big group. This used to be the place to be.

But since this visit, I won't be back. 

It was the middle of the day, the place was moderately busy, definitely not like a packed Friday/Saturday night. Our group had about 10 people, we were at a wedding and had 4 hours to kill before the reception. I had thought of here because we could just plop ourselves and play cards. 

When we sat down, it was about half and hour we realized that there was no menus given to us. Just as I got up to the front to get some, the guy came by and asked us for our order, and there I am standing there with a pile of menus. Awkward.

The food choices for lunch is diverse, but at a price point neither too cheap or too expensive. It's affordable, but knowing Chinatown prices, you'd rather go there.  The difference between here and say, Congee Queen, is that CQ for the same price can get you a large shared portion for maybe about 3 people. Here, everything is individual (western style)
It is also very blatant that they covered old prices ($8.99) and increased to ($9.99 and up). 

I got the Spicy Beef Noodle (Hong Siu) $9.99 - it was same old. nothing special, good, not amazing. It's one of my favourite taiwanese dishes. Some others got a rice/black bean beef bbq. 

What is nice for a long sit down period of time is the bubble tea. However, the prices are decieving. For $3.99 or $4.99 you can get a small, but if you want a large the small print says and extra $1 and for jelly or tapioca is $.50. Basically a large drink is $$6.50 which is quite  pricy. 

The worst part was the service. Food came out the oddest times, and in the weirdest order. The foods were hardly correct and we had to send a few back. At one point, a bowl of noodles was left at our table and it didn't belong to us. 
Doing the bill, they had offered us to mark down who had what and do separate bills - even that they screwed up. 

Also what was disheartening, was the dirty tables, underneath. One of the tables had sticky food or something underneath. My friend got his SILK tie and shirt dirty by sitting too close. I was moving the tables and grossness was on my hands and got on my dress. 

Ick. Next time we're going to Destiny's or the new Ten Rens that opened up down the street.笑
I'm lowering my rating because one of the servers is SO rude. A skinny plain looking guy with short spiky hair, usually wearing a white shirt (the others usually wear black). All the other servers are super friendly, except for this guy. Every time we come we pray that we don't get this guy.

Our party of 5+ used to come here all the time, but after tonight we're never coming back.笑
I come here whenever I am in the area, because I can usually expect the food to be good, and I can also get bubble tea and certain authentic dishes that are hard to come by. However, the service always leaves so much to be desired. It's as if the servers are bored by you, or as if you're inconveniencing them by asking questions or making requests.笑
Hipster asian kind of place. Over-priced on most stuff. Limited menu selections. Mostly a place for drinks i guess. Nice atmosphere though if you want to sit for a while.笑
Go For Tea was once admired as one of the best bubble tea shops in the GTA. Unfortunately, due to its terrible service (from refusing to split bills to forgettting orders to giving the wrong drinks), many have written off Go For Tea both from a product and service standpoint. While I recognize that its bubble tea is indeed good, I am turned off by its complete lack of a customer service mindset.笑
I've tried many bubble tea places all across the city. From the stores in Pacific Mall to the stand alone ones in Commerce Gate. The tea part of it is the simplest, it's a mix or a blend of whatever flavours you desire. That being said, what really makes a good bubble tea? The bubbles of course!

I've had half cooked, chewy, gummy, powdery tapoica, you name it I've probably had that form of tapioca. But nothing compares to GFT's exceptional tapioca. It's the best I've ever had and it has never ever disappointed me with an undercooked ball. 

I usually have the jellies anyway, which are star shaped if you were wondering, instead of the usual rectangular shape. The jellies make me happy, they're chewy with a bounce to them and they are in a fun shape. I'm not forgetting the time that one almost killed me when I sucked a little too hard and it ended up in the back of my throat but other than that I have no complaints. 

**Just a note about jellies, the ones listed on the menu are NOT the flavours that they have.

The decor inside is...lackluster, I mean the generic dark wood and no butt support on the bench seating. It almost seems like they decorated for the Christmas holiday and then ended up liking it or being too lazy to take them down and there they have remained ever since. 

I have yet to try their food, I've had the desserts before and they're good, nothing great but very generic and by the book. I really have no desire to try their food mainly because I'm pretty certain that it's not good and there's no reason to waste my money finding out. The most important thing is the bubble tea and they do it marvelously. Note that if you want to collect stamps to receive a free drink, you can only do so with take out.笑
Open everyday till the late night, I consider you and your friends should come here if your a bubble tea fanatic. I absolutely adore the drink i had which was Passion Fruit green tea with tapioca but I should've gotten with aloe! but no regrets the bubble tea was great.. it is a bit pricey than other places but it was worth every cent of it! :)笑
Ordered the special set menu.  Picture shows a main dish, bowl of rice, soup and two side dishes.  Side dishes in the picture was two egg rolls and a salad.  I ordered this on the premise I would be getting what was in the picture.  When I received it the two side dishes consisted of some radish shavings and tomato with scrambled egg.  I asked them repeatedly for the egg rolls and they told me "EVERY DAY IS DIFFERENT".  The advert says absolutely nothing about the side dishes being different every day.  Complete scam.笑
I was first introduced to bubble tea in Toronto in 1998 so when I returned here last month I knew I had to have some. My pal Yves obliged me and drove me to Go For Tea. 

I was initially overwhelmed by the grand space and the endless menu options. Barley embryo, fresh watermelon juice, yogurt with aloe. . .

After perusing way too long we got the brownie cheesecake to share and I had the peppermint green tea with tapioca - two choices I was quite pleased with.

Sort of makes me wish I had a Go For Tea in New York.笑
I've been to Go For Tea over 30 times over the past 4 - 5 years since MANY of my friends seem to like it for our weekend "hang out".  However, I would never go here on my own.

Food/Drink Quality & Price: Their drinks are nothing spectacular priced similar to most other BBT locations. I really enjoy the Very Mango Slush. Many of my friends really liked the food at Go For, but I have been food poisoned 3 times (my husband once) from here.  I really like the braised beef (but that's what poisoned us) and once by the popcorn chicken. I am convinced that they use old meet or have unsanitary cooking conditions (or cooks/servers/waiters don't wash their hands properly.  

Facility: The water in the washroom is RIDICULOUSLY cold and their staff use these washrooms.  Knowing that, I can tell that they would not wash their hands properly before handling food.  I noticed this years ago and it still has not changed. Each time I've tried to give the establishment another chance but I don't think I'll be ordering food from here again.  It's kind of hard to avoid the place when many of my Asian friends like it so much.

The ambiance and decor of the location are great.  But that is pretty much all their brings the score up for this business.  I am convinced that it is why many Asians like going here (in addition to the waitresses). 

Service: It's a little sad actually how many patrons (my friends included) come here for the "hot waitresses".  I find them rather average looking and at times incompetent with taking orders.  In addition, these poor girls have to deal with oogling eyes.  The waiters that work here aren't easy on the eyes but they work better and faster (noticing empty cups and dishes). 

Overall: I will never fully understand the appeal of this location.  I have many great memories here because I've been coming for 5 years with friends... but it's not like the service or food had anything to do with it.  The atmosphere is good for socializing but ever since they banned card games on weekends, I still do not know why people come here. 

If I had to choose from Go For Tea, Destiny's or Ten Rens, I would choose Ten Rens over the rest for sure.笑
Went to Go For Tea tonight for supper. When we came in there was no staff to greet us. It took almost two minutes before someone came to us. The restaurant is huge but very dark. Our table had a small spotlight shining on it but it was not very bright. The menu had a good selection. I took the fried rice with taiwanese sausage and my wife took the pork lunch set. I ordered a black tea to drink and the waiter asked me what size. I was confused because in the menu only one size was mentioned. The food was quite good. My wife had spring rolls with her lunch set, and when she asked if there was sauce with them, he did not understand the question. Overall, the food was fine but the atmosphere and service could be better.笑
This place isn't bad, I guess..

Nothing really stood out to me, but it was just a regular bubbletea place.
The menu prices are alright, not too high but not great either. The portions for a regular plate of food is more expensive than destiny, but it doesn't taste that much better to be honest.
The set meals would be the most worth it, so much food and a half price drink!? Wow. Unfortunately if I ever got that, I would definitely explode.

Seating area is not bad, they closed a curtain thing between us and the table beside us, which was a good idea because I ain't about seeing other randoms while I eat, and this definitely helped.
The service is alright, they will definitely come as fast as they see you but if you sit in a further corner.. good luck. I would suggest investing in bells or something so they can get to everyone since this place is huge.

Parking lot could be better, or maybe the people driving could be better.

Overall, nothing special.笑
This is one of my default places to go to in Markham.  For me it's really a place to go to chat with friends and the drinks/foods is secondary. Decor is nice (they still have their Christmas decorations are still up - yes to Christmas time all year round!) and they have a large selection of drinks.  Of all their drinks, I think their Very Mango Mango slush is their freshest one - it comes with mango chunks and star shaped jellies. How fun! My friend had a mango shaved ice that also has condensed milk poured over it - it was pretty good! I expected it to be really sweet but it was just right. 

My friend reserved a table for us and was advised of a $6.99/person minimum but we weren't held to this (apparently they were at the Midland location). We left around 11:30pm and the line up was long (as usual) so if you don't want to wait you can always go to Destiny's on the other side of Hwy 7 or west to Ten Ren's.笑
All the reviews referring to the bad service here weren't kidding. The employees could careless about this place. When I asked for water, the Asian girl with bleached blonde hair made an annoyed grunt and said ok. When ordering, the guy taking my order didnt know anything about their food items or drinks. 

"Hello, Is your Lemon Green Tea made with real lemon or lemon syrup?" 
*shrugs* "I dont know, I think it's real." 
"Do you recommend your taro toast or the sesame toast?"
"I dont know, havent tried either." 
... HmmMm I'm thinking in my head "couldnt you at least tell me which one is more popular?"

The staff here does not know what "boba" is... ask for Tapioca or Pearls (in Chinese) which is the lingo they use.

Bad service, you will have to flag someone down to order or get anything you need. Employees doesnt care, doesnt give a damn. They will ignore you when you enter and exit the restaurant. Loud clubbing music that will give you a headache. Drinks are very mediocre to bad. Not impressive for the prices they charge.笑
this place is huge. the decor is nice. it's a good place if you have 10+ people in your party. but i'm not sure about their food... we ordered a lot of things, but the only thing that was memorable was their popcorn chicken. unfortunately i didn't to try any of their teas, but i did try their bubble tea and it was horrible.笑
This is a good place to come to hang out with your friends and just relax/chat. The bubble tea is OK (Ten Ren's is better). However, their 'Very Very Mango Slush' is one of my favorites since I'm an avid mango-lover. It comes with mango slush and huge mango chunks! Awesome, yeah? One thing I don't recommend ordering is the milk tea (although it could have just been one bad experience). It tasted more like water than milk or tea... I usually don't complain about the food to waiters but I refused to drink watered down milk tea. They kindly remade it and it was still watery but I just let it go...

Ambience is wonderful. Very cozy, clean and a lot of seating available.

As far as food goes, it isn't the greatest but that's understandable since they specialize in bubble tea but if you were to get food, then order the popcorn chicken. It comes with thousand island sauce (I think) but it's something that never disappoints.笑
The bubble tea is very good and they have a large assortment of hot tea as well. The health drinks are also quite good and differentiate it from other bubble tea spots. 

I am not a huge fan of Chinese food, so I can't comment on the food except for the fried rice which is tasty but they have recently shrunk the portion size dramatically! When we complained nothing was done and here we come to the downfall of most bubble tea places -- service.

I've never really seen great service at a bubble tea place and Go For Tea is no exception. The waitstaff is basically competent but somewhat grim and harried. If all goes well it doesn't matter, but watch out if you have a question or problem: you won't get far with the waiters or even the manager. They're not rude exactly; they're just indifferent.

Oh, and the desserts (with the exception of the toast) are miniscule and not worth it at all. Better to have your tea and then cross the street to Demetres.

In short: go for the tea, nevermind the food.笑
I've visited this place a few times, and for all those that are coming here with high expectations for the bubble tea, either lower your expectations immediately or go to a different tea shop. 
From my experiences, I can't speak on behalf of the food, but dessert and bubble tea wise... Well let's just say that there are way better cafes in the area that are actually worth your time and money.

The bubble tea here is always either too sweet, too bland, or too sour. I recall trying a friend's mango slush and it just tasted so bland as if the baristas did not add any sweetener or what not to the drink - the $5-6 drink tasted like something that I'd pay less than a buck for. 
I remember trying their green apple slush and man it was so sour I couldn't even finish it. I've tried the green apple slushs from numerous tea shops and I can honestly say that the one I had here was the absolute worst. And the tapioca, don't even get me started. It was way too chewy, soft, and undeniably undercooked - again, it did not have the sweet taste that it was supposed to have. 

As for the location, it is located near central downtown Markham; pretty easy to find but minimal parking space especially on Friday nights and weekends. For the interior decor, it has a chill atmosphere with dim lights and a more trendy feel that newer cafes seem to opt for. They also have private rooms for groups which are good for gatherings and parties. 

Service was mediocre - nothing particularly special. Waiters are bilingual in both Chinese (Mandarin and Cantonese) and also English. You'll find that there are those table buttons that are used to signal the waiters, which is something more common in asian restaurants/cafes nowadays.

Overall an average experience in regards to the bubble tea and desserts. Haven't tried their food but based on the other reviews here I don't think I ever will.笑
As an out of towner who visits Markham occasionally, I am very impressed with the atmosphere and drink selection. I make sure to go there every time I'm in town.笑
This place is overpriced, and the food/drinks arent noticeably well done either. For the price they charge you'd expect way more. The two waiters we had were incredibly impatient and kept giving us the stink eye.笑
Feel this place has been here since like forever.. though I don't go there all the time, I always like going here because unlike Destiny, their food is adequate and decent enough for dinner and I find their customer service is always so much better than Destiny.  

The downfall is their place is so busy, it is very hard to get seats at busy times..    However, you can call and make reservations. 

Their drinks have more variety and you actually feel bang for you buck without getting ripped off or overpriced items. I  also loved they have a separate round square tables at the back or small private room for groups...  

I will definitely miss this place since it closed down since Feb 22nd... and their new location is due to open in Downtown Markham.. but when? we won't know :(笑
I used to love this place but it's continually gone downhill.

I'm here at 2am on a long weekend and they don't have any food or juice. (Wtf). They only have power bbt and slushie (powder again). I wanted the aloe and apple juice - to beautify as the drink intended for ... :( 

Their very mango slushie isn't what it once was. They use to give star mango jelly but now it's just the regular ugly ones. At least they give real mango chunks still.

Their hotpot use to be so good but I don't know about it anymore (I couldn't order it!)

Anyhow. It's a typical Chinese establishment. 

Hope this helps!
-jT笑
As a patron of decent bubbletea and having explored bubbletea from all four corners of the world including Taiwan where bubbletea was founded, I must admit that Go For Tea isn't too shabby of place.

Try out their 'very mango mango slush' - this drink is divine especially if you are a mango lover like myself. Mango slush with mango jellies topped out with nice whole chunks of mango.  

Delicious.笑
I used to come here all the time but I haven't been here in 5-6 months.  What can I say about this place? It's your typical bubble tea cafe, where the focus is on drinks and the food is a bit of an afterthought.  

I've gotten the fried rice and noodles before and they were so salty, I couldn't stand to finish the plate.  And if you know me, no matter if I like the food or not, I try my darndest to clean a plate.  

As for the drinks, I think they are pretty good. My favourite is the hot taro milk black tea.  It has a strong taro taste and quite sweet and it makes an excellent dessert.  

Verdict: Service is a bit lacking, food is mediocre at best, but this is a great place to chill and have a few desserts and dessert drinks with friends.笑
A unique place to grab a meal. Kind of crowded later in the evening. Seems to be a very popular place to come and hang out. Good food and a huge menu. Some very authentic Chinese cuisine. Tea was excellent.笑
The decor is beautiful inside! However, the quality of bubble tea does not reflect the prices they charge. Everything is quite mediocre here but it's a nice place to hang out with your group of friends! It's about $5-6 for a small bubble tea but I guess it's worth it since they let you sit there for hours and hours. (they're opened pretty late)笑
This review is mainly for their horrible service.  Went there yesterday Jan2.  This place is usually packed with people, yet last night wasnt that bad, although still filled with peopl.  We have 4 people, gonna order food yet the first thing the waiter told us was: If we order food, we might have to wait for half an hour.  Well we thought it was a friendly reminder and we have to eat anyway so we said thats ok.  Within the next 10 minutes, all the food and soup and rice arrived, like... ALL. Then we start to realize its probably their strategy of hoping customer wont order food.  THEN, alrhough we order drinks, we still want some water aftee our meal, but the waitee come back with two glasses, filled it with water and tell us they ran out of glass.  Seriously... ran out of glasses when they are not even super packed, and there are a lot of alternative you can do to provide your customer with a glass of water, like using plastic cups, other cups like the hot drinks cup ETC. This is just not the right attitude.  And whenever we try to get the waiter to add water for us or take away dishes, they are just chatting and ignored us, even they are just standing right beside the table.  oh and talking about that, this waiter standing right in the area all night and looking at people gives me a feeling he wants us to leave all the time when I saw the way he looked at people.  Maybe he didnt hv sucha thought but thats the feeling I got, which i think is horrible to have at a restaurant.  I havent been to this place for a while after graduating from University and now I dont think this will be a place on my list any more.笑
The service here was quite fast, making this a respectable alternative to Destiny's. 

Ordered : Almond Milk Tea w/tapioca 
- smooth taste 
- a bit on the sweet side

Total Cost:
just over $5 including tip.

Overall feeling:
I would choose this place over destiny's if only because it is $0.50 cheaper for the basic drinks and the staff are more attentive. The payment system is also adapted more so for bill splitting than destiny.笑
What a rip off. Over priced drinks and not even all that good. Beautifully decorated but the food and drinks are way overpriced. $7-8 for a bowl of shaved ice with some fruit on it? A bunch of us ordered 3 of them to share along with some drinks. It cost just as much as a meal.笑
A satisfying bubbletea experience!  This place is spacious with modern bubbletea house decor.  There's usually a line up late at night and it's great for groups if you come early enough.  The sugar water that we call bubbletea are of good quality and served in proper glass cups.  The food here is pretty good - I had tofu with seafood on an iron plate served with rice and it definitely hit the spot.笑
Drinks are average quality.  I prefer the drinks at Destiny and Ten Ren, although I prefer the food here.  They need to update their menu which doesn't seem to been changed in years.

There is free wi-fi, but it's always slow regardless when you come.  Destiny and Ten Ren has faster wi-fi.

I come here a lot since it's one of the places my whole family can agree on.  My son loves the beef paper hot pot.

It's a good place to meet with a large group to chat and have a few drinks.笑
Restaurant: Go for Tea
Cuisine: Coffee/Tea/Chinese
Location: Thornhill
Address: 230 Commerce Valley Dr E
Price Range: $10-15

1: Poor 2: OK 3: Good 4: Very Good 5: Excellent

Food: 5
Service: 2
Ambiance: 3
Overall: 4

Extra information:

*HongKong Cafe + BBTea store
*Large seating area
*Party room avail as well as outside seating
*Can go for meals or just drinks

As a Vancouverite, I come from the city of bubbletea. There is a bubbletea store in every corner no matter where you go in Vancouver. Ever since it originally became popular in Taiwan and the trend migrated to Vancouver, I was there. Starting with my taro bubbletea, oreo smoothie, fresh strawberry slush and the odd mint milktea- without a doubt I can say I know my bubbletea. As I got older, bubbletea food places became popular as well. You start from the basics, salty & peppery chicken, marinated chicken wings to condensed milk toast. You name it? I've had it. Bubbletea food should have their own category in restaurant listings, it does in my list. I knew leaving Vancouver, I will def miss all the bubbletea food- so I was super excited when my highschool friend from back home told me about 'Go for Tea' and took me there!

Go for Tea is a huge BBtea place located in Markham. When you walk in, there are at least 5 different sections to the restaurant. They have tacky Christmas theme decorations everywhere with gold and red bows attached to every place you can imagine. 

Once you walk in, you can choose between booths and tables. I noticed there are auto call-buttons on each table, but it didn't really seem to work cause noone ever came by when we pressed the button.

They have very large menu consisting of main, hot pot, meals with rice, noodles and then drink. I found the menu very hard to read due to the lay out because it's very messy and all over the place. As I was trying to figure out what they offered, it felt like I was reading those books you have to concentrate super hard to understand.

Ordered: DEEP FRIED INTESTINE WITH GREEN ONION 3.5/5
*Small plate of deep fried intestine for $9.99
*Green onion is stuffed inside of a deep fried large intestine
*Very chewy and is good with salt and black pepper that's served on the side
*Chinese restaurants usually serve intestines marinated or deep fried
*Comes with pickled radish and carrot that's sweet and tangy
*Pickled vegetables are good in between to cleanse the palette
*I really liked this dish, but found it to be a little pricey

Ordered: HONEY GREENTEA 5/5
*Small size for $3.99
*One of my favorite bubble tea flavors cause bubbletea food can be quite salty, so I just order this to wash it down
*Honey green tea is simple but sweet and refreshing
*You could def taste the honey in this drink
*I usually ask for it to be less sweet but completely forgot this time. Next time I will make sure to remember!

Ordered: BRAISED PORK BELLY SPECIAL 5/5
*Served with rice, side dish and a soup for $10.99
*This is a combo but it's very big, almost enough for 2 people
*Rice that is served in a bowl is almost 3 times the normal size
*Soup (beef+potato) is very decent for a side and it comes in a miso soup bowl
*Salad is made with imitation crab and lettuce topped with sweet honey mustard sauce
*Bamboo shoot and beef pieces (sidedish) was good with rice
*There were around 8 pieces of large pork belly
*Flavor is very strong for the sauce (sweet soy sauce based) that's poured over pork pieces
*There could be less sauce for this dish
*Pork belly is very fatty, therefore making it tender and juicy
*Few pieces were luke warm inside though, they need to reheat it better
*I would get this dish again for sure

Ordered: DEEP FRIED CHICKEN NUGGET WITH RICE 4/5
*Deep fried chicken nuggets, rice, marinated eggs, salad and a sidedish for $9.99
*Comes with meat sauce on top of the rice which was nice because this dish can be kind of dry
*There are about 9~10 chicken pieces
*Deep fried chicken nugget is always a basic dish at bbtea restaurants and you can't really go wrong with this dish
*This would be good with hot sauce or ketchup, depending on what you prefer

This place gets super busy on weekends and holidays. Keep in mind that there are no card playing after 9 on weekends. I saw good number of people here with their laptop doing studies or whatever they needed to do. There are lots of food and drinks option so this would be a good place to just chill with friends.

Summary: I really liked this place. It was my first time visiting Markham and go for tea really reminded me of those bbtea places back in Vancouver. The only downside to this place is that it is very far from downtown and you can only get there by driving. If I am craving bbtea food and am willing to go far, I would come here!笑
I came here last around 3 pm to grab some tea and internet before heading to a meeting.  I was looking for just a coffee/tea spot in the area, and although the decor and staff don't really make this spot feel like a hang out joint (rather a destination), it suffice for the purpose.   I'd say in between lunch and dinner the place is a ghosttown.  Even the staff were no were in site. When asked to get my hot tea to go, I was told they weren't sure it could be done, then another server asked me for my order and produced a hot green tea in branded togo cup (15 minutes later).   For a $7 cup of tea to go and indifferent service I'd probably rate them a 2 star, but I'd give them a benifit of coming at an off time and appreciating the food, tea selection and decor to bump another star.笑
Not bad, but not great, either. They have a good selection of teas and bubble teas, but I found the service a bit lacking (we had to ask a couple times for cutlery) and the food was so-so.

I probably won't be back again.笑
Not a fan of this place.  The waitresses are extremely rude and seem to ignore beeps from customers to place their order.  They mess up our orders quite frequently as well.笑
I don't usually go to bubble tea places to sit and hang out, so this was an interesting experience for me.

Their drink selection is overwhelming so I went with a friend's recommendation and tried the popular "Very Mango Mango Slush" and it was awesome! If you like mangoes you'll love this drink!

The food items were good, and I liked that the wait staff didn't hover over you - you press a button on the table if you need anything. It's very relaxed and casual. The free Wi-Fi is a plus too!

I have to agree with the other reviewers that the leftover Christmas decorations are distracting and tacky. Otherwise the decor in here is quite nice - dark wood on white. The benches are do start to get uncomfortable after a while, but I'd rather deal with the hard wood bench than sit on a gross padded one with torn vinyl repaired with duct tape that I've seen in other places.笑
I can't remember the last time I was here for bbt.  I was a regular when the place first opened up but the service and quality was declining so my friends and I stopped going all together.

Their slush drinks and hot teas are pretty good but you can always expect them to give you the wrong orders.  I would strongly recommend that you check your bill before paying it; there is always a discrepancy with the bill and the change that are returned.

Cheers.笑
Our family hit this place a few months ago around May and the one thing that hit me like a load of bricks was the fine print at the bottom of the menu ...

STORY TIME!!!!!

The first time I was hit with a 2 drink minimum was at Cleopatra's Barge located in the Caesar's Palace in LV circa 1990.  A Bar Rescue tip is that you do better with a "2 item" minimum opposed to a "2 drink minimum".  The last time I was slapped with this was at a crappy low-end topless strip joint I was dragged into by my brother in the same city a few years later.  I never drank $9 (x2) bottles of beer so fast.

FF to the future where there are replicants roaming the galaxy.  I am sure in that futuristic time the "$3.99 minimum per person" would be flashing and probably coming at you in 3D (3D as in part of that ritual "this time around we WILL actually make 3D a reality ... people's homes will have all their walls ensconced in 3D!!!!"  Sadly, they didn't know their history.).

Which brings us full circle back to our visit and the main problem I had.  Perhaps this place is hopping on a Saturday night at 12AM like say Ten Ren around the corner, but I haven't seen any similar restrictions there.  Being a capitalist society I, therefore, will never go back to Go For Tea for this reason alone.

No idea if it is really enforced with all patrons - but our table was blessed with a brand new trainee employee who I am sure met a very fluent Canadian born individual in his life but never met someone like myself - so he was rather intimidated and was ultra shy.  That is why I kept calling him over to help us so that if there was a "$3.99/patron limit" we would escape that this time.

My kids had the $3.99 fruit drinks - no ice (per request - though that took some work to explain it) - drinks were cold enough.  The wife and I (ahem) shared a hot black tea with honey drink.  Value wise it was, all the drinks appeared to be worth the $3.99, but the tea was sickly sweet.  In a perfect world you would be able to say "half sweet" or at least be asked "how sweet" before you order.  We were not told and the world is not perfect since everyone's version of "half sweet" is different.  At Starbucks at least you can say "2 pumps" v. "less" etc.  

Having gone to Ten Ren many times for their black honey tea - this is no Ten Ren.  And we paid and ran out of there before the $3.99 per drink minimum police came rolling by our table ... never to come back ever again.

Washroom was clean enough; where they were making drinks - a bit of chaos and didn't appear to be all that clean IMO.  We had just eaten and we didn't want any food so no comments there.

The End.

PS If you want to enforce such silliness and it is not 24/7 and not all patrons then you need to upgrade your menu to put in limits -- like "a $3.99 minimum from 11PM for groups of 6 or more".  If this minimum is not enforced 24/7 - then you will lose business for sure if you do not upgrade the menu.  I am sure there is a world of options including "less" or "half sweet" - but I don't frequent places with my family and adhere to minimums (save for credit card usage).笑
Close to Hwy 7 and 404 this location is convenient as its right off the highway and accessible! I have been to GO FOR TEA before, but figured it was time to finally write a review about this place lol! 
The place is very modern, with asian inspired contemporary decor.  Its dim lights with variation of lighting all around the vicinity creates a chilled out environment, and most of all this place was clean! 
Our server was able to accomodate our request once we realized our table for 2 kept on tilting back and forth.  In no time we were placed in a larger booth.  

For drinks 'the miss' had a small banana smoothie (which was more than enough) and I decided to GO BIG or go HOME with a large banana mango smoothie.  Let's just say holy s#@$ it was a huge glass mug.  It took me some time to finish it, but nonetheless you could taste nothing but pure fruit, which was delish! I'm just glad that I didn't take my blood sugar after lol! 
Overall the drinks were a 4.5/5 

*****...side note the miss advised HER banana smoothie was too sweet.. :/ 
(sounds like a potential Yelper in the making ;) ) 

Our service was nothing to rave about, they were pleasant, and efficient. :) at times, but barely came by to check on us.  Next time I will have to stop by and try out their versatile menu...overall 3/5笑
The room beckoned to us from the doorway.  The soft lighting, the dark wood, the floral centrepiece.  Hues of brown and gold on a white background.  We sat on a raised level in the centre of the room.  We ordered vermicelli, chicken, tofu, and tea.  The waiters are dressed in black.  One is from Zhejiang.  He has puffy hair. We look at some hk magazines. The tea arrives. It is hot and sweet and flavourful.笑
I've been going here since I was a teenager. I have never gotten good service here. They take forever to come and actually take down your order. One time it took a good 40 minutes to get served and it wasn't even a busy night at all. If you come here with a date, you're sometimes seated in a table only inches away from the next couple beside you. I've asked several times for a more private spot only to be told no.

The drink orders are often incorrect. If you tell them so, some waiters/waitresses will try to convince otherwise. Order just a water with your meal and you'll never get it without pestering at least several servers for it. Once you get it, they give you a tiny cup half filled with water. Thanks!

On the plus side, once you finally manage to make your order the food can come out pretty quick. The food itself is also not bad. Not noteworthy, just enjoyable enough to justify coming here more than once. I recommend trying out the paper hot pot. It's a pretty cool sight to see soup in a paper bowl over fire.  They also have more interesting dishes such as frog legs which are also pretty good. The price for their dishes is also reasonable.

The drinks themselves are overpriced. Many of the better ones being $8. The cheaper drinks for $4-5, often the bubble teas, are just your average powdered crap you can buy anywhere else. 

Overall, the decor and ambiance is nice although they tend to leave the Christmas decorations up all year round unless it's Halloween. The service is terrible but the food isn't bad at all.笑
This is a really good place to hang out with friends on like a weekend or something.  Its got nice decor, comfortable seating and a nice washroom.  Theres a wide variety of food and drinks to choose from.  The food and drinks are good, but its really pricey. A large slush is about $8 - $9 -_- like wtf. The service is poor at times, but overall a decent place to chill with friends.笑
The drinks are okay, food is alright. It's got the most food selections than the other bubble tea shops in the area. So if you're looking to eat a meal instead of a snack then this is the place.

Only gripe is the interior looks like Christmas ornaments all year round. They haven't taken them down. 

It needs to be updated and maintained, and I find it's too dark inside. Gone here since it first opened. 

There are better bubble tea places in the area like Ten Ren and Destiny in my honest opinion.笑
I've tried bubble tea places all over this fine city and throughout the US and this is by far my favorite place to have a deliciously bubbly treat; I'm not even a huge fan of bubble tea! They are open really late, until 3am if I recall correctly and also have free Wi-Fi.

Walking in you are welcomed in the huge space with high vaulted ceilings, large windows all around, dark wood and glass dividers, dark hardwood floors, an elevated middle section, seasonal planters, Japanese style private booths, banquettes, perfectly dim lighting, magazine and game racks, floating shelves, and even a heated patio area. This space's decor was expertly chosen as it has been open since 2004 and still looks great and modern. 

The star of the show is the bubble tea. They do have a huge Taiwanese menu and all the food I have had was very good as well as a very extensive tea offering but when push comes to shove, you gotta get the bubble tea and it better have tapioca bubbles, not that mango jelly stuff people love. The tapioca is the star of the show as I have never had it better anywhere else. They cook them perfectly, There isn't a hard chew in the middle from under cooking or crumbly bit from overcooking. They taste as if they have been cooked in honey because they are the perfect amount of sweet. You will not find tapioca bubbles cooked better anywhere.

Service is hit and miss but once your order is in you get things very fast. If you come after 8pm you may have to wait a while as this place gets really busy.

Overall, the best place for bubble tea anywhere. The price is average for bubble tea and definitely worth it. Bring your laptop and you can Yelp your review from there!笑
Most people come here for the bubble tea, so did I, until I tried out their dinner menus, and I am not referring to the single serves, I am referring to the dinner for two and up.  They actually have a good variety of Taiwanese dishes, my favorite is the stewed pork, 3 cup chicken is a bit on the spicy side, portions are smaller than I would have liked, but price is definitely reasonable.

I give it a 7 out of 10.笑
has to be my FAVOURITE place for bubble tea in TO!!
everytime i come back to TO, i visit this place. 

it's always packed but the place is huge, and it's worth the wait. cuz they're open LATE!! 

AMAZING ATMOSPHERE, for a tea house you can sit in for hours, it's huuuuuge. and it's one of those places that look like it could turn into a club after hours cuz it's that trendy and poppin. (may as well since it closes at like 2am - all they're missing is a live dj)

HUGE MENU for both food and drink - everything i've had on this menu is good, and they now serve western style plated desserts, there's a whole new cake section.

*a must try for late night: taiwanese sausage fried rice. 
omg, so simple, and so good.

it's missing a star b/c of service, it's hit or miss and it really depends on your server, but it's team service so you pretty much receive what you ordered, and have to flag someone down anytime you want anything else.
but it's definitely a place to check out in Toronto if you have a car - i have yet to see any other city do bubble tea like this. yay!笑
This restaurant is more on the pricey side... Like destiny!!

Hmm.. I ordered a lunch set $10.99 and it tasted OK.. It actually didn't taste that good, the flavor of the pork tasted a bit off.   Also the vegetable spring rolls tasted bland, and the soup just tasted like water.
But I didn't expect much from a tea /loafting/ hangout / bubble tea place. 
 
Also ordered popcorn chicken ... Portion was smaller than I expected..  For 10.99.....more greeon onions than chicken lol 
The popcorn chicken isn't that good compared to cha me cha / papa Chang ..


Plus a kiwi slush large $3.75 - tasted decent but probably a little bit too sweet lol 

Service seems unaware at first when we got there. We waited probably 10mins untill someone realized we were there in an empty restaurant around 1pm.笑
We decided late one night to go for tea... no, actually we had our eyes on the Very Mango Mango Slush, which one of my friends had tried before, and which came with these cute edible stars.  And very tasty too!  It came in a choice of two sizes ($6.99/$7.99) in these heavy glass mugs.

The place wasn't quite hopping, since we had no trouble getting seated immediately, but it wasn't empty either.  They had some tame Christmasy decorations up... in July...

Service was a bit slow, but I'd come again.  While I'm a fan of the VMMS, for now I'll rate the restaurant itself A-Okay.笑
Had a taro slush..ordered it with tapioca..naturally they screwed up my order...finally when they brought one out, it tasted really bad...I've had amazing bubble tea before and this was horrible. Definitely not recommended.笑
Out of the 3 large capacity bubble tea cafe in the York region, this one is the one that the others do try to compete with the most. The service is ranges from ok to highly inattentive; which is perfect if you are looking to catch up or doing a large group meeting. They are able to accommodate large groups of people and offer more options for food than their competitors. Should mention they do offer your choice of 2-7 dish combinations with rice and soup, which is moderately pricy in the York region area, especially when you count your drink order. There is a minimum charge of 3.99 per person. Also free, but slow Wi-fi is offered.笑
They have a nice selection of bubble tea as well as food.  Very nice grilled squid that comes with a great radish salad.  The desserts and shaved ice are also very tasty.

The decor is very impressive, especially during Christmas time.

The main problem is huge lines and lack of adequate parking, especially Friday and Saturday night.笑
I was hesitant to go back to this Tea Shop as my past experiences have been sub-par. However, I decided to get together with my friends here since it was opened until 3am, later than all the other teashops in the area.

The ambience is beautiful - decorated with glowing lights. My friends and I were seated in a booth in the back, separated by fabric to the other booths. 

The following drinks and desserts were ordered throughout the night:
DRINKS:
1. Hot Almond Milk Tea with Tapioca
2. Lychee Green Tea with Passionfruit Jelly
3. Mango Green Team
4. Mango Slush
5. Orange Juice
6. Coffee

DESSERTS:
1. Custard Filled Toast
2. Tiramisu
3. Mango Mouse Cake
4. Chocolate Mousse Cake
5. Chocolate Cheesecake

For the most part, I was very happy with the dishes (yes, I tried a little bit of everything!). Their cake assortment was extensive, in addition to their overall menu, but we didn't get anything cooked since they stop serving after 10pm. My friend was upset that his mango slush was watered down and when the orange juice was ordered, what we received seemed like orange powder mixed with milk. All the hot drinks were accompanied by sugar syrup in little shot glasses. 

Thank goodness for good company :)

A new invention that Go For Tea has implemented is a buzzer system. Instead of checking on you consistently if you are ready to order, you can buzz them to your table. Pretty effective!

We stayed until 2:30am and I was not impressed that they were using heavy cleaners to mop the floors while we were still there. It was very nauseating and made me want to leave.笑
Really nice atmosphere to go with friends to catch up. The menu selection is large and extensive. They have a variety of cold and hot teas, milky drinks, slushies, smoothies, traditional style teas. The food here is pretty good too. I like their king pao chicken with rice. I personally really like their original milk black tea. It's the closest resemblance to the ones I have all the time in Taiwan. Their tapioca has a nice texture, not too mushy, not too hard, perfectly chewy and sweetened :) And if want some cake, they have half off cake specials between 3-5pm.笑
We've been here a number of times.  Love the atmosphere, the tea and especially the snacks.  It gets busy during the weekends.  There is a large variety of things to eat.  Read the menu over carefully so that you get what you want.  There is a potato lace dish that is quite tasty.  The Taro on Ice is very refreshing. 
We like this place and enjoy hanging out with friends there.