We like KFC but for years and years this particular KFC has been one of the worst in the area.  Maybe they don't do enough volume.  Maybe it's the owners.  But I wish we had a better chicken restaurant in Westlake.Ǿ
KFC, quite like Taco Bell at 4am, tends to bring out a lot of "eccentric" individuals. It's always interesting to go inside and wait in line at this joint, for reals.

I've gone through the drive through, maybe once, but I really prefer going inside. It's definitely not the epitome of clean establishments, and I've often tried not to look in the back to see what the teenage kid at the fryer is doing - but the food is what you would expect from KFC and the Crispy Strips are my fave. 

The staff is quite nice and my order was taken by the manager the last time I was in - he was super friendly and accomodating. I feel bad giving them a two, but it's just not the best fast food experience I've ever had.Ǿ
Never had a bad meal at any KFC. Yum in my book. Love the crispy more than anything else but I can any of the Coronels recipes.Ǿ
I have never had bad chicken until yesterday. Ordered a 8 piece dinner and the chicken was like they took it out to soon. It was like mush. Not crispy at all. Do not to this KFC. I should have checked here first. Wrost meal EVER!Ǿ
KFC Boneless at Westlake April 2013 - KFC and other companies spend a lot of money advertising new products.  Especially when they have introduced a new item. I had the boneless chicken at KFC today, and it was served to me luke warm. The very friendly server placed the chicken on the counter where it sat for about 3 1/2 minutes while she prepared the rest of my order. The product did not taste good at room temperature. All that money spent on advertising to get me in and it was not good. The manager walked by several times ..joking with the staff building morale. He failed to notice my food getting cold. Poor execution can destroy a product introduction.Ǿ
Not interested in lids? This KFC is for you. Don't want a knife? This KFC is for you. Can do without butter? This KFC is for you. Prefer to wait 10 minutes to have your order taken while the help talks about their hangovers? Want to wait 15 min. more for your food, and then not get what you ordered? This KFC is PERFECT!!! 
If this were the first time I would give this place a pass before I posted a review, but this KFC has failed previously. Hence my wrath.Ǿ
Not sure why all the bad reviews, but I have never had any issues with this KFC. My husband and I have ordered from here multiple times over the past few months and it's always a good experience. Food is cooked properly, order is always correct, friendly staff, and the wait isn't bad. I think this is a good KFC, and we will continue to go here!Ǿ
The food here is typical KFC. But DO NoT expect to get what you ordered. I've been here at least 5 times in the last 3 months, and the service gets worse each time I come in. Today I was the 3rd in line, finally after about 4 mins a employee dude comes in the door fully dressed in uniform with a headset on. He meanders to the counter to take an order, fills it slowly and then disappears. While this is happening employee girl comes in this half her clothes in her hands... i didn't think much of that until now. Dang... was dude and gal really in the lot.  Oh God maybe that's why the couple in front of me actually left. They were saying the one another how horrible the service was and commented that one of the girls was in the back eating chicken.
Finally my turn.... employee #3 comes out of nowhere now with headset on and looks for 1 and 2 kinda shrugs and says well I guess I can help you.
What a zoo!
I got my order correct today only because I reminded #3 to give me grilled as she reached for extra crispy. Sigh. To top it all off when i opened my potatoes it was over filled with more gravy than potatoes and it got all over my shirt and ruined it.
Bottom line... don't bother going here unless you really hate Taco Bell and McDonald's and its the only choice left at this exit. Better yet... the food at BP would probably be better and safer to eat. At least you know for sure you won't have nasty "car hands" making your food from employees doing God knows what in the parking lot.