The food at Sammy's is wonderful.  I have now eaten here twice with friends since they opened a few months ago, and all of us have raved about the food.  For someone attending an event at the Playhouse Square area it can't be beat.  They handle the difficult chore of many people coming in at the same time very well.  They have also dampened the sound problem that Stars always suffered from.
The only gripe that I have is that they are chintzy with their drink pours.  For the price of the servings and drinks, that is a real turn off.  I have never been anywhere before where the wait staff suggests ordering doubles.  That is the only thing keeping Sammy's from getting five stars.笑
Ate here on a not so busy night.  Drinks were expensive and small.  Littlest martini I ever had for $10.  Food was good except for dessert---very average.  Star was so much better.  Place was nearly empty and it still took more than hour and 1/4 on a a very limited menu.  Can't imagine what would happen on a busy night.笑
Sammy's took over the space Star used to be.  My mother and I tried this place before the show, my mother is handicapped and they were not understanding to help her when I tried to make reservations..  It took about 6 phone calls to even make a reservation!  strike 1!    We sit at the Bar, the first bar tender was not trained on the wine menu...this is the theater crowed....maybe you should be.  The other bartender did not appear to be trained on their signature drinks  Strike 2    Lets move on to the food....I ordered the Steak, hoping it was easy enough not to mess up, epic fail...I ordered a med rare steak it came out almost well done, I have no idea what the side dish was, It was suppose to be potatoes ,however it looked like something from a baby's diaper. The girl next to me ordered scallops ,,,they came out raw twice!  Strike 3.  We asked if they could keep our container till after the show, the MGR said they would not be open, so we had to take them to the show...after the show shocker they were open.  Lets Just say Customer service was lacking the "Chef" needs to go back to school ..and I will not be going back ..The plus side is they did comp my nasty Steak, that I fed to my cat.  OH and I haven't even talked about how it looks like a dark train station.笑
While our meals were very good, and presented well, the fact that they opened at Noon, the kitchen wasn't ready to serve or complete an entree until 12:20. This may not seem like an issue, but we chose to eat there prior to a 1:00 performance at The Palace. One of my companions called repeatedly the week before asking if they would be able to accommodate us or open at 11:30 and she was told "No, they open no earlier than 12."  Not only were they not opening until Noon, but the only thing on he menu was a four course meal, where you picked an entree, along with soup, salad and dessert as well.  Given the time constraints, and the fact that the kitchen couldn't have the entree ready until 12:40, we guessed. So, we didn't get that, only salads, and soup - which cost $5 less than then the "special" which was $26! Pretty pricey. If a restaurant opens at a certain time, it should be able to take orders and prepare it at that time. I would give Sammy's another try - but NOT for lunch before a show, the lobster bisque was very good with large chunks of lobster.