Can an oyster bar in Pittsburgh really be that good? Yes, yes it is! Muddy Waters Oyster Bar is one of the best new places in Pittsburgh. The drink menu is well executed and the Ramos gin fizz was prepared well by the bartender, with lots of delicious foam, just as it should be. But those oysters, oh so tasty! I tried the east coast selection of belon and james river. Looking forward to trying the rest of the east coast and west coast offerings. The mignonette for the oysters added just the right accompaniment. The owner and staff were absolutely the nicest people to talk with! I'm already ready for another visit to try more of their dishes and drinks!笑
Great brunch!! Liked Bloody Mary bar and Oyster sampler was great!! Atmosphere and concept both very nice!! We'll be back!!笑
This place has good rating on Yelp and I decided to try. I liked the hush puppies and the fried green tomatoes which were highly recommended on Yelp. I also ordered cat fish item which is unfortunately very salty for my taste. Next time, I would rather stick with the popular items to experience the best! 

The service was good. The place looked different and interesting with oyster bar. I was afraid to try oyesters since I didn't know if I am allergic to that or not. Next time, I am going to try oysters and update my review.笑
The people here are super chill and mad friendly. The oysters were high quality and they have an impressive variety for this far inland. I also had a lobster roll that was phenomenal. I went here with 6 close friends and everyone was impressed. I will definitely be back!笑
I have a small obsession with oysters which are difficult to find in Pittsburgh, so from the moment I heard Muddy Waters was opening, I couldn't wait to check it out! We secured a reservation and had dinner with two other couples last Friday and had a great experience. Although, I would definitely recommend making a reservation if you plan to go on the weekend or with a larger group. We didn't realize how small the restaurant is and you're literally sitting on top of other tables. For this reason, it's also extremely loud. They had music playing loudly and with the tables so close to one another everyone was shouting to talk. This may not be the case during the week, but on a busy Friday evening we struggled to talk to one another. But that is literally the only negative about our experience here, though. Everything else was great! 

We started with ordering all of the oysters, of course. We tried the chefs tasting of both east and west coast oysters ($36 for 12), the char-grilled oysters and oysters rockefeller. They were all wonderful. We especially loved the char-grilled oysters with lemon and garlic. We also sampled the smoked deviled eggs and the hush puppies. Again, the whole table really enjoyed everything! Our server was extremely attentive, made recommendations and always checked in on us. Poor guy was losing his voice from talking over everyone, but he was a trooper!  For my entree, I had the shrimp and grits and it was delicious! Highly recommend this dish. Others in our group had the blackened salmon, the lobster roll and the gumbo - all were pleased with their meals! 

I also loved the variety on the cocktail menu - great cocktails, champagne, wine and a solid beer selection. It's not often you can find somewhere that does everything well. The sparkling rose on the menu was wonderful and paired perfectly with the oysters. 

I definitely will stop back to try their brunch or happy hour next!笑
Muddy Waters was the icing on the cake of my trip to Pittsburgh.  Went here with two friends, and couldn't have been happier.  The Chicken and Sausage gumbo has this dark roux which I've never had before and will want from now on.  Apparently, they literally cook the roux until it's burned, I guess?  The result is smoky, spicy, layered and awesome.  Chicken and sausage both tender, okra (which I'm not generally a fan of) cooked perfectly and not slimy.  The Lobster Roll WOW.  Large, unctuous chunks of lobster and crawfish dressed in a whole lot of butter - verging on a little too much, but it works - and really, really tasty cajun fries.  But the star of the meal was this unassuming little bowl of perfection they called cheddar grits.  If you like grits, you have to have them.  They're the best I've ever had - a perfect creamy consistency that made this Southern boy very, very happy.  Great beer list, cool upscale rustic room...I'll be back when I'm in Pgh next time, for sure.笑
Been here a few times and I've had various dishes. I enjoy their oysters but everything else is underwhelming or overwhelming-not in a good way. Today we had a lobster roll, sausage hash that was on special, wedge salad and the seafood tower. The wedge salad was overly acidic-it was sour. The waiter told the gm of my complaint and she was very accommodating offering to take it off the bill which I appreciated. He also messed up and brought the wrong dish which is a forgivable mistake but still a mistake when one person watches everyone else eat for 10 minutes or so. My problem with their food is that they try too hard. A lobster roll should be about the lobster-not overwhelmed with seasoning and toppings. Everything is a few ingredients over the top and just overwhelming in one direction. They have a good raw bar but don't deserve more than 3 stars for shipping and shucking fresh seafood. Their prices are nearly at Eddie V's level as well which is by far the best seafood in Pittsburgh-go there instead for your fix or stop in MW's
for happy hour.笑
First of all - to the management, can it with the sarcastic review responses on the Google reviews site.  Insulting your customers is not good business, and just makes you sound like a bunch of a-holes.  I almost didn't go to Muddy Waters after finding it on Google, reading the reviews and the jerks representing your restaurant who responded.  Grow up.

THAT BEING SAID...

It is a quite small oyster bar + restaurant in Pittsburgh.  Yes, you will pay more (ironically) than even Manhattan, but the oysters I had were quite high quality and the ambience is nice.  Plan on $50 min per person, and most of the oysters are $3 each, so not a bargain by any stretch.

The oyster po' boy is great, and the burger is also quite large and satisfying despite being around $14.  Waitstaff was friendly but not overly attentive, but for a leisurely meal doesn't matter!

I recommend for a special occasion, or just a nice evening splurge.  Weekends will be packed, so make reservations or go at non-peak times.

Their social media team needs to be fired.笑
I always like leaving great reviews. I saw a couple bad reviews with curt responses from the owner. Well, who cares... I am not looking to be buddies with that guy, I just want oysters. While the oysters were not the best I've ever had, a few things need to be accounted for. First this is Western PA. 350 miles from any ocean. Second, there is a large selection. Third the oysters were very far above average. And lastly, they were very reasonably priced. 

I forgot the salumi plate! Also fantastic. Head cheese in PGH? Who would have thought...

Great drinks, although I could have used a bit more alcohol for my $10, very well and promptly prepared. Desserts were also very good. Definitely not the pre-packaged frozen fair that some other restaurants pass off as gourmet.

Bottom line? If you want to eat oysters in da 'burgh, this is your spot.笑
Oyster happy hour runs until 6:30, and if you're even curious I say "Go for it!" The value proposition is phenomenal-- $6/half-dozen of eastern shore oysters raised in the majestic land of wild horses, Chincoteague VA. Considering the labor intensive art of oyster shucking, it's a plum deal.

I appreciated the salty brine of the oysters and how they paired nicely with the supplied lemon wedge, red wine vinegar sauce that accompanied it. The two types of hot sauce were also used, but to a much lesser extent.

We sampled six charbroiled oysters in a delectable Parmesan-butter sauce. One yelped commented that s/he would have preferred the French bread accompanying it to have been toasted and buttered. I think that Muddy Waters nailed it by opting for simplicity. We used the bread to soak-up the butter and Parmesan that remained once we devoured the succulent, perfectly seasoned oysters.

Nice selection of top-shelf spirits--if that tickles your fancy. Happy hour includes deals on "bottles of bubbles" and boilermakers. Would like to see that deal extend past Clyde Mays, but that's not necessarily a high-priority. Add it to a wish-list with very, very little to speak of.

TVs above the bar featured a rare afternoon Pens game with the volume on mute. Nice to check a score, but not allowing it to be obtrusive or detract from the chill vibe. Great mural of the eastern shore and view of the oyster shucker from our vantage point.

We used yelp to make a reservation--as it was a busy Friday night and we wanted to partake in the specials. A few taps of the app and we were good to go. Couldn't possibly get easier or more convenient.

Will return to Muddy Waters to take a happy hour tasting tour of the emerald coast's oysters, or to sample their brunch offerings. I did not see much publicized about brunch aside from a chalkboard sign, but I am curious enough to consider it even with limited information.笑
Food was excellent! Brought back memories of a fantastic trip to New Orleans. Oysters, gumbo, red beans and rice, fried chicken, pimento cheese--we would order all again. Service was knowledgeable, attentive and fun. We will be back!笑
The food is really great!! Happy hour is a highlight!! You definitely need to try the banana French toast, it is AMAZING!!! One of the few best brunches in Pittsburgh!笑
I came for the oysters and it was absolutely satisfied. My favorite kinds after trying out all the "west and east coast tasting" are Malpeque and Kiapara. The oysters are freshly open in front of you. Fresh and fast service. Oysters are all good quality and worth the money. I wish I can come during happy hour so I could have eaten more.笑
The dining experience was nice.  The waiter was patient and nice, even tho he forgot to put in my order and messed up our bill. But I guess he was just having a really long day. So I steal my friends food and still had a pleasant experience.笑
Excellent food and drinks! We ordered an east and west coast oyster platter, grilled oysters, Cajun shrimp, fried green tomatoes and as entrees I got the lobster roll and my husband got the Po' boy. Everything was amazing. The grilled oysters (oysters Rockefeller) were my favorites.笑
My husband and I made reservations a week in advance and were looking forward to Muddy Waters. We arrived and were seated promptly at a tall top table across from the bar. While the restaurant is narrow, we weren't bothered by the size. We did notice the table to be slightly wobbly. 

After receiving oysters to start, the small table was pretty full. My husband accidentally knocked his 3/4 full cocktail off the table. The hostess noticed and grabbed an extra napkin. She walked away - we assumed she was getting more napkins - but she didn't come back to us the rest of the evening. When a restaurant is considered $$$, it seems like someone in the staff would help clean a spilled drink and at least offer to get a new one. Neither happened. (We don't mind the expense of a new drink, mainly frustrated with lack of help cleaning)

The service was subpar. Our waiter checked in very periodically. I ordered a cocktail at first with plans to switch to wine and never ordered a glass, as the waiter did not come back in time. 

We decided we will not be back. Not impressed with the pricing or lack of service. I will be the first to say the gumbo was great and oysters were good.笑
We have been here a few times. They have a great selection of oysters. All of the food is amazing. The service is great, we prefer to sit at the bar.笑
We loved everything about this place... From the decor, the service, the food and the oysters...everything was amazing. Definitely recommend calling for reservations!笑
Amazing customer service, atmosphere, drinks and food. Try the salmon corn dogs with collard green slaw and lobster roll!!笑
Omg!! I had the best cocktail apps and dinner here ... This place u can take your date meet up with friends...oooooo and there happy hour 1/2 off drinks and oysters  The staff are super nice helpful and they know the menu from A - Z 
So check this place out my yelpers笑
Accommodation were great, they seated 5 when we had reservation for 4.  Oysters were really great!笑
I finally had a chance to try this place out after drooling over the pictures for the past few weeks. I grabbed a couple of my friends and we went to Muddy Waters for dinner this past Friday. I called earlier in the day to make a reservation (which I recommend). The place is on the smaller side but they did a great job making the most out of the space they have. Upon our arrival, we were promptly seated and the waiter came to take our drink orders soon after we were seated. For an appetizer, we got a dozen of oysters on the half shell. It was chefs choice so the oysters were both east coast and west coast (I apologize that I can't remember the names of them all). The oysters were so fresh and delicious. It was really neat to try different kind of oysters to see how different they tasted from one another. One of the west coast oysters had a cucumber melon finish. So good!! For dinner, I got the fried oyster Po boy. You can get your Po boy with shrimp, oysters, or mushrooms. It's topped with chili mayo, lettuce, tomato, and house made pickles. They are also served with Cajun fries. My Po boy was so good. It was fried perfectly and I really appreciated that there was not a lot of coating on the oysters so that you could still taste the oysters on the sandwich, as opposed to just breading. I already cannot wait to come back to this place. I would love to come back for both happy hour and for brunch. Overall, I definitely recommend Muddy Waters! Pittsburgh needed a Resturant like this! :) 

P.s. An added bonus for me is that they played Muddy Water's music the whole time. It gave a nice relaxing "down south" feel to the place!笑
Alright, Muddy Waters...5 stars. Eh. I'd go  a solid 4. I made a reservation on the fly tonight and was kind of surprised I could have the pick of the litter! For some crazy reason East Liberty doesn't exist to me for food options, even though I am well aware it should be somewhat on the forefront of my lil squirrel brain. I can't say I was blown away though and was really expecting to be! 
I got my tax return and was really feeling like blowing some money on a great meal. I took my boyfriend here and it was pretty fantastic. I ordered the lobster roll and he got shrimp and grits. My roll was simple and successful and my boyfriend's shrimp were delicate and delightful. I'm not sure why I wasn't fully blown out of the water by the meal, it really may just be my personal tastes. I loved the food but didn't think it was interesting/exciting enough for the price tag. But, again, that could just be me and my tastes. There is nothing wrong with simple, good cooking! I would definitely want to go back and try more of their menu!! The happy hour is pretty decent and I wish I could say I ordered oysters but we were not hungry enough to get multiple courses. Next time, it is happening!笑
Being a native New Englander, I am not one to mess around with my seafood.  If it ain't fresh, I won't eat it.  Sadly that means I don't eat much seafood in the Steel City.  

Then I heard about Muddy Waters and how their oysters are brought in fresh from East and West Coasts.  I was intrigued.  I figured these were either going to be delicious or they're going to be a fishy tasting mess... Thank goodness for delicious!

When you arrive, the staff will educate you about the difference between East Coast (briny) and West Coast (silky) oysters.  You can have them raw (YES) or char-grilled.  As they say - they're "bad ass mother shuckers" - and they're not kidding!  Slurp down some oysters plain, with hot sauce, or with their pickling liquid they serve with it (it's incredible).

Looking for something more than oysters?  Try their Hot Chicken with creamy collard greens and cheese grits or the BBQ shrimp and grits (yes, whole shrimp).  For an app try the cornbread with apple butter (you'll thank me later).  Whatever fills your belly, wash it down with a DELICIOUS adult beverage.  Try all of their specialty drinks - I am working my way down the list (responsively) and they are tasty.  Whether it's freshly muddled berries or shaken with egg whites (it sounds weird, but trust me it's good), they don't mess around with their beverage!

Next time I'm craving a killer cocktail or the taste of home, I'll be heading to Muddy Waters.  Oysters here I come!笑
I've been lucky enough to visit Muddy Waters Oyster Bar a few times.  I drive past it daily - and was - SO excited when I saw them remodeling and then saw "OYSTER BAR" in the name.  YES!  Finally!

I've tried so many things on the menu - Oysters (of course), Fried Green Tomatoes, Oysters Rockefeller, Deviled Eggs, hushpuppies, salmon "corndogs", beignets and so much other yumminess.  Every time I visit - it seems like it gets better and better.

I've been lucky enough to do the "chefs Platter" - where you try 2 of every oyster available.  I've found that I am an "east coast" oyster fan more so than a west coast.  The next time I visited - knowing this - we were lucky to be there for happy hour.  While you can try east coast ($1) and west coast ($2) you must order 6/type.  So - naturally we got 6 of each.  

They have a great drink selection as well.  I ordered the "I mississippi you" just cause i liked the name - turns out it was a GREAT drink too!  Has jalapeno in it - and was spicy perfection!

I recommend heading to Muddy Waters if you are a oyster fan.  They have quite a bit on the menu if you aren't - but it's an oyster bar!  That's what they are known for! Definitely a fantastic happy hour location!笑
We went tonight for dinner & it was also our 32nd wedding anniversary!   Loved the food & the atmosphere!  My husband & I had drinks to start.   I had wine & he had the greys sour.  We had the hush puppies for appetizer.   Very good!  I had the special - a whole red snapper.  It was so good!   I never had a whole fish before.   My husband had the shrimp & grits.      Very good also.  Would definitely recommend!   Had a wonderful experience!笑
I really wanted to like this place as I love oysters and Cajun/Creole food and I was excited when I had heard that this place opened. So last evening my girlfriend and I walked over from her apartment to try it for the first time. I have been to New Orleans over a dozen times and am a wine and food lover and I looked forward hopefully to finding a place here in PIttsburgh. Sadly what I found was very disappointing. My girlfriend and I split the chargrilled oysters, fried green tomatoes and hush puppies as appetizers and then the Blackened redfish for dinner. Having eaten at the Acme Oyster House in NOLA many times the oysters were a sad representation of those, not very good and a terrible valued. The fried green tomatoes were okay and probably the best thing that we had though it was the remoulade sauce from the hush puppies that brought out the flavor not the sauce that accompanied them. The hush puppies were bland and seemed undercook, I have had better at Long John Silvers, and the Blackened Redfish which I had been looking forward to was under seasoned and had very little taste. 

A small offering of wines that match nothing on the menu with small pours and large prices. Little ambiance, cavelike and noisy. I am sorry but I see no need to come back.笑
Drinks and oysters were tops. Service was good 
The food on the menu was hit and miss. So don't worry too much with the plates. The oysters are the star.笑
Enjoyable evening. While we only ate small plates and a salad, all were prepared well. Particularly enjoyed the broiled oysters. Service was very pleasant and attentive. We sat at a 2-top along the wall ... a bit cramped with people moving passed bar patrons but only a minor tweak. Will be back.笑
I'm so into a place that has happy hour FOOD specials. Especially when they happen to be $1 oysters. While they are select oysters, I haven't yet met an oyster I didn't like!

You know what makes this even better? $10 off champagne bottles. Seriously, the deals keep coming! I could hit this up once a week just for that combo alone!

But the more you dive in, the better it gets! The heartier food is also fantastic. I've tried fried green tomatoes, oh so crispy fries and a really delicious bean salad side (that day's special) that was enough to fill me after oysters.

Absolutely make a reservation because it's small inside and gets packed on the weekends. I'm sure you could potentially scoot in at the bar, or those adorable seats at the window outside. Can't wait to get happy there again soon!笑
Came for Sunday brunch-amazing food, still need to work out some kinks in service...

Upon arriving around 1pm the host asked us if we had reservations. Caught off guard (who requires brunch reservations in Pittsburgh?) my sister and I replied no. The host informed us that they were booked but we could try to get a seat at the bar. Holding out hope, my sister and I only had to wait about 10 minutes for a couple to leave the bar to grab seats. So glad we were not swayed by the host's pessimistic outlook and decided to wait it out. 

Everything on the menu looked great but I chose the shrimp and grits and my sister chose the bananas foster French toast. The shrimp and grits was delicious-3 huge whole prawns in a delicious BBQ sauce with rich grits and andouille. I tried my sisters French toast which was great-not overly sweet. 

I will definitely be back to try the dinner menu but perhaps give them some time to work out the service kinks. The kitchen was on point with turning out great food in a timely fashion-the servers and hosts just need to catch up.笑
We had a great experience in the restaurant, came for happy hour and happily consumed 3 dozen oysters (East Coast)... but fast forward a few hours and at home, my husband is violently throwing up and basically living in the bathroom. He also got severe abdominal pains and had chills and I stayed up all night with abated breath to see if he was developing a fever -- in which case I'd have rushed him to the hospital because it might be vibrio. 

Please, if you're going to be a high end restaurant serving raw oysters (and charging an arm and a leg for it), you need to get your shit together and make sure the oysters are good! Needless to say, we will not be coming back in here again.笑
Great oyster bar. They are friendly, help you pick out the variety of oysters that they sell (I didn't even know this was a thing) AND make great drinks. 

I will be going back.笑
Came here during the Carnegie Mellon graduation season. Oysters were (obviously) the main reason we came - but I recommend the alligator po boy! It's really good!笑
Great service, food was outstanding!  Very nice location.  Will definitely be coming here again!笑
The place has just the right swag and delicious food.  Everything we had was delicious.  Deviled eggs, oyster shooters, gator gumbo, fish and po boys. 

Just delicious.  

Go here please!  You won't be sorry.笑
Amazing food and drinks and a great atmosphere. The oysters were phenomenal with many different varieties to choose from. The cocktails were all very unique and tasted great. Easily the best food we had while visiting Pittsburgh.笑
This place has a great atmosphere. The servers and the cooks were extremely nice. We took advantage of the bloody Mary bar even though we got there a little after two and it was supposed to close at two. We thought this was pretty nice of the bartender for letting us try it out. 

We ordered oysters and lobster, and both were so tasty and fresh. I ordered some type of lobster that came in a jar and there is a remoulade sauce that was out-of-this-world-to-die-for. Honestly, I could have just eaten it with a spoon. My husband particularly enjoyed one type of oyster from Maine, which I think was called the Bayloon oyster(? that's probably wrong, though),  which are only available one month out of the year. They were enormous and extremely fresh. My husband thought they were the best tasting oysters he ever had. We also met the owners at one point, who were very friendly. 

The most challenging part about eating here was, (besides knowing when to stop eating), was finding parking. In fact, this is the main reason we missed out on brunch (it ended at 2pm). However, now we just have another reason to come back!笑
Best oysters I think I have had ever (and ive had then in San Diego and many nc beach trips). I had ham and beans with a fried egg and my mom had gumbo. The bloody Mary bar alone is worth a visit with so many options to add to your drink. A hidden gem!笑
Not a lot to say other than the service was good and the food was excellent.  The oysters were amazing and the Po Boy was as good as I've had.笑
The service was really good, our waitress did a great job explaining the oysters they had on special. Great for happy hour- $1 east coast oysters, $2 west coast. I loved the poboy, and the beignets were yummy.笑
So good each time we've been there! Service is always great and the raw bar is the best we've had in Pittsburgh.笑
Not many places in Pittsburgh specialize in oysters but luckily Muddy Waters does and knocks it out of the park. Not to mention they have an excellent happy hour with oysters included. Then Tuesdays they do a late night happy hour from 9pm - 11pm. The bubbles are $10.00 off bottles and champagne are $20.00 off bottles. They also have boilermakers on special. 

Muddy Waters is my go-to since to me you can't go wrong with oysters and bubbles. 

Also, it has to be mentioned that the staff is lovely, Adam has really hired excellent people.笑
I called Muddy Waters 3 weeks ago and made reservations for tonight for a valentines day celebration with my fiancé.  I thought it was weird that I never got a confirmation call for my reservation, so I called this afternoon to confirm our reservation for tonight.  They had no record of it, the guy put me on hold for about 4 minutes and then hung up on me.  For the complete lack of service and professionalism and ruining our valentines day plans, we will never try to go here again.  Just a word of caution for others!笑
This is my first Yelp review and it's long - sorry about that. Over the last decade I have used Yelp and its contributors countless times to influence my lunch / dinner choices as much as I've used anything else. My wife and I always promise each other to start writing Yelp reviews to 'give back' as it were. I swear to contribute more from here on out! 

So, a little hung over from an oyster and beer binge last night, me and my coffee and my dog are going to have at it. The dog is stoked, trust me.

Muddy Waters Oyster Bar. Interestingly enough, (to me anyway - hey, it's ME time here!) much as this is my first Yelp review, last night was also my first experience with raw oysters. I eat pretty much everything and find delight in essentially all of it. Except goat cheese - a pox on goat cheese - if a smell were a taste, the smell of goats is the exact taste of their gnarly, funky chee. 

Excuse me. Kind of went off the rails there. 

Anyway, for some reason I never dipped my toes into the oyster scene until last night. 

Boy howdy! I'm kicking myself for never trying them before. If you love the clean flavors & fresh smells of high quality sushi, shashimi, nigiri, etc., you'll probably love oysters. I think. Unless you have hang-ups on texture or something. Some folks can't eat certain things if the texture of is not to their liking. In any case, this is some good stuff, and I'm hooked. Don't forget to chew. Maybe do a little reading up before you go.

We started off at the stand up bar in the middle of a very tiny space. Solidly in the Top 5 most cramped restaurants I've ever been in. We kind of like that though when we're in the mood for it, which we were.

We had a 9pm reservation but it was 6 and we were hungry, so we walked in, cancelled our reservation, and posted up to wait for a spot at the real bar. We got lucky and landed a nice spot directly in front of the oyster shuckers and the TV for the Buccos game. I say lucky because we stood at the stand up bar only for about 5 minutes before our server (who stayed with us for the evening) let us know he just cashed someone out at the main bar and we should pounce when they get up. I'm glad we did, because this place being what it is, folks pretty much grew roots where they were. The takeaway here is, if you go (on a Friday anyway), you have 3 routes to take. 1) Get a reservation and get it at least a week in advance 2) prepare to stand at the stand up bar, or 3) prepare to watch the main bar like a hawk if you want to sit. 

I'll try to be concise from here on out. Bullet points! Still wordy though...

- The staff was great. If you've never tried raw oysters, they will nursemaid you through the process and explain everything. It's similar to wine.

- It's a bit pricy. Which is fine with us (us = my wife and I). You get what you pay for, folks. These are fresh oysters and I'll pay whatever it takes to facilitate that kind of quality.

- It's slow. Which is fine with us again. Our favorite dining experiences are the long, slow, drawn out ones. Think more French service vs. standard US service. Don't expect the server to be breathing down your neck every 5 minutes. Take your time and enjoy the food and your company. Trust me, it's better that way.

- We never even ordered an entrée. That will definitely happen next time though. Instead, we gnared with a righteous zest for 2 hours on small plates, apps, and oysters. And I regret nothing! Well, almost nothing. The exception to the rule last night was the deviled egg app. They looked amazing but in our opinion, were actually so-so at best. Seemed a little old or something. Maybe they were straight from one of the staff's backyard henhouses or something and we're just used to the swill that Big Egg forces on us dahn Giant Iggle. Whatever.

- It's loud. Again - groovy. If that bugs you though, be warned.

- It's small. I said that earlier but it bears repeating. If this bugs you, maybe skip out or go on a Tuesday or something. You will physically interact with servers and fellow diners, probably knock something over, and possibly make a friend or two.

- It's fresh. I didn't ask, but Shirley they are flying these things in daily. 

- Champagne seems to be the drink of choice. They have something like 10 choices of champagne and almost everyone was busting up some bubbly. That said, they have a very, very solid cocktail, wine, and beer list as well. Kind of weird because I don't remember seeing anyone drinking champagne anywhere under any circumstance the one and only time we visited New Orleans. Maybe we were at the wrong places! 

Okay that's it. Abrupt ending in 3, 2笑
I managed to get a little sneak preview of Muddy Waters last night, and am so excited for this place to officially open.

The interior is nicely decorated, lots of industrial metals are used to create a clean, contemporary atmosphere. It is trendy, but not overly pretentious.

At the corner of the bar, there was a mountain of ice and a big selection of oysters. At the time I was there - 2 different West Coast species, and 4 different East Coast. I loved all but one of the East Coast. I do quite like oysters, but unfortunately am not enough of an expert to give an expert review. I'll just say that they were some of the best I've ever had.

As for drinks, there was a nice little cocktail selection, including a couple New Orleans classics like the French 75 and the Sazerac. I thought the champagne of the French 75 paired nicely with the oysters.

I'm looking forward to coming back to try some of the food from the kitchen! The po-boy looks especially exciting, and can also be made vegetarian. 

Its always nice to be able to have a place to drop in and have a half-dozen oysters when I'm not super hungry.笑
Fantastic service and the lobster roll was on point! The oysters were also top notch!笑
I was here for my first time with my friend. The Oyster here so awesome. I order BBQ shrimp for me, I couldn't agree more with my friends.It's fresh and delicious. This place is the best seafood I never had in pittsburgh.
    My waiter really helpful and friendly. He made drink for for me that It was on the old menu but he was did it for us I'm so appreciate. 
    Definitely, I will be back.笑
Great food, great service, great oysters!! I recommend this restaurant highly! There's something on the menu for every taste!笑
Loved this place, Our server was Rob and they are lucky to have him. Friendly, patient and knows his drinks, he gave us great detailed service and a drink recipe to boot! For drinks my sister and I ordered the French 75 and the Sippin summer porch or something like that...sorry I had a few and cant remember, but it had fresh watermelon juice and rum and lime and St Germain in it and was the perfect summer drink, refreshing and not too sweet. For dinner we split the Seafood Gumbo and the Shrimp and Grits. The Gumbo was good until I tried the shrimp and grits and that was all I wanted to eat. Yes you have to peel the shrimp but this dish had such great flavors that it was worth getting youre hands a little messy, BTW they give you hand towelettes. The Grits are buttery and creamy and the andouille sausage was smoky and just a nice texture, there was some kind of brown Cajun gravy on top of the grits as well as some pickled coleslaw, I think. You cannot lose with this dish, it is rich and packed with great flavors and textures. I would like to go back to try other dishes, as everything they were bringing out of the kitchen looked great, For dessert we had the Beignets with a thick dark chocolate bourbon infused sauce. My sister went nuts for this but although I liked them, I would like to try something else the next time we go back. I am glad Pgh has upped theyre game with this unique resteraunt with great food and service.笑
Went here for the restaurant week special, will definitely be back. bartenders were friendly and one explained one of the specialty cocktails she was making. food was delicious and server was also friendly and funny. all around a good experience.笑
What a great little spot for seafood and cocktails. The selection of oysters is beyond impressive. The sliders are yummy.
Like the galley-style setup and that the bartenders create their own drinks that are nothing short of marvelous.笑
Me and my girlfriend love oysters, and wanted to go out for a fancy meal. 

The restaurant is not suit and tie persay, but the food is. 

We got the West Coast Oysters, then the East Cost Oysters. I got the seafood gumbo and she got the hot chicken. It was all phenomenal!

We had a few drinks, they were made perfectly. 

Will got back when we are in town again.笑
We came here on a Saturday, with reservations. We were sat right away. The server was very helpful in explaining the menu and had a vast knowledge of each item. We ended up sharing a seafood tower which, we weren't sure would be enough but it was! It was just the perfect amount without making us too full that we opted for dessert (usually we pass, but it was also my birthday). Each oyster was described to us, all tasting very fresh and distinct from the others based on geographic location. We had the bourbon pecan ice cream for dessert which was house made and amazing. I can't wait to go back!笑
Loved our experience here!  We left a crappy dozen oysters behind us at Eleven and ended up at spot with better ambiance, better oysters, and better people.  Really fantastic oysters and a great team both behind the bar and on the floor.  We picked a crappy bottle of bubbles but that's on us.  The non-oyster food options looked amazing too.  We'll definitely be back.笑
With the alligators on the wall, the bloody mary bar, the cajun creole food and cocktails and friendly southern-hospitality like service, you really feel like you're in New Orleans when you dine at Muddy Waters. We went here for an ongoing celebration for my birthday and my husband knows I like I seafood so this place was sure to be a hit. But there are other things you can have here if you're not into seafood. For example, the gator burger is delicious as is the gator gumbo. I'm not into oysters but my husband said they were the best oysters he's ever had in his life. My lobster roll was up there in the rankings. I would say it's second only to this little seaside place I had a lobster roll up in Connecticut. But I do like how they mixed crawfish in the with the lobster. I mean they really do give you a good portion so I was glad I didn't order starters. This place is really fun, very clean and I will surely return.笑
So glad I found an oyster bar here in Pittsburgh!   As of today's date, happy hour rates were $1/east, 2$/west from 4:30-6:30.   There were oyster specials as well as drink specials.   Oysters tasted fresh and delicious.    Ambience was good.   Service was pretty good.   Will likely be back!笑
This small venue is one of the three best places for oysters in Pittsburgh. Excellent cocktails are rendered by an attentive and dedicated staff. The brunch is highly recommended. Menu highlights include BBQ shrimp & grits, and what is easily one of the best lobster rolls (fortified with crawfish) that you'll ever eat.笑
We were pretty disappointed with Muddy Waters, after years of waiting for an oyster bar to open in our part of the country. The very slow service has already been addressed in older posts so I'll skip the part where we waited for 30 minutes for our drinks. My real problem is with the food. Oysters are oysters, and as long as you have a regular supplier anyone can put them on the menu and they will be good. I live in the neighborhood and saw that they get their seafood from the same distributor that most restaurants in the area do, so nothing exciting there - the oysters are fresh and there is a selection of about 6 split between East and West coasts. If you go for those alone, this place would be fine (as soon as they get the service thing under control). However, we ordered two really simple and classic entrees - BBQ shrimp and gumbo. They were both terrible. Even if you had no prior experience with these foods you would be unhappy with what we got. The shrimp were enormous, served whole. They were also so over-cooked I could have bounced them off the floor. Enough said. The gumbo: my understanding is that gumbo should be lots of fresh seafood, sausage and veggies in a rich roux-thickened meat stock over rice. The sauce was super dark and tasted of burnt flour, with little seasoning besides salt. There were about 4 very small chunks of sausage a few teeny tiny out-of-a-bag popcorn-type shrimp (again, rubberized) and a few overcooked vegetables, all swimming in a lake of the dark stuff. It did have good rice though. For the price of these things, it gave the appearance the that management is trying hard to make as much money as possible quickly, because what we got was not any where near what we paid for. I hope they turn things around and don't just count on people buying into the concept and not really caring about what they are served. One caveat is that I'm sure the fact that we made reservations for a busy Friday night and that they were clearly overwhelmed influenced what we found on our plate.笑
Delicious! Cool vibe large bar area. They have a big garage door that can open when the weather is nice! We had the shrimp po boy- I recommend getting tartar sauce on the side and the lobster roll! Both were really good. Lobster roll wasn't the traditional mayo kinda but there was so much flavor I loved it. I hear they have great brunch as well!笑
We love coming here for Sunday brunch. Great food and a very friendly and knowledgeable staff.笑
$1 east coast oysters and $2 west coast. (Last time I checked). 
The west coast ones are totally worth it. 

The shrimp and grits have these big head-on shrimps. Big surprise. 

We also had the seafood gumbo, but we are not too familiar with this dish so we are not going to judge. 

Overall it was a good time and certainly will be back again.笑
First impressions: My family (dad, mom, stepmom, two younger sisters and young cousin) came in on a Thursday night to celebrate my mom's new job. My mom made a reservation for 6:45, but we were able to be seated early (6:30) because we arrived early. My mom, sister, and I arrived first and were seated. We then were informed by the rest of our party that my cousin would be joining us as well, and the staff quickly accommodated the extra person. Awesome! We mentioned my mom's new job to the waiter and he brought my mom a glass of champagne on the house (I am underage, so I did not taste any drinks myself, but she said it was wonderful)!

Service: Our waiter was awesome! I'm sad I didn't get his name so I could give him the proper respect. He was very attentive, always quick with refills on water and other drinks, and overall very helpful and friendly. The entrees were a little slow coming out, but it was definitely worth the wait. Plus the restaurant was busy (yes, busy on a Thursday night!), so it's totally understandable. There was a minor problem. My mom wanted the Oyster Po Boy but asked for it with no bun. It came out with a bun, which is no big deal but just a slip up I thought I would mention.

Atmosphere: A little noisy because of the loud music, but not a huge issue. 

Apps/Sides/Drinks:

- My dad got the Ain't Got No Thyme. He is not a fan of bourbon, but still enjoyed the drink a lot which speaks volumes.

- Pork Rinds: The table enjoyed them. I was not a fan, but that was because of personal preference rather than execution.

- Hush Puppies: These were excellent, and so was the sauce that came with them. Definitely would recommend.

- Cornbread: A little too sweet in my personal opinion, but still tasty. The bits of jalapeño were not overpowering if you're like me and are picky about spice, and they helped with the sweetness. The bread was nice and moist and served with plenty of butter.

- Grits: I was happy to find that these were plenty cheesy (lots of restaurants skimp on the cheese), but the texture was a little off. I wish they were creamier and not so lumpy. Still delicious though.

- Dirty Rice: My dad thought it was a bit mushy and bland. I didn't taste this, but my sister agreed with him.

- Parmesan Truffle Fries: Really tasty and good with any meal! Not really above and beyond your expectations for parm truffle fries, but still done very well.

- Duck and Sausage Gumbo: Everyone enjoyed this dish, and I found it interesting that it had a smokiness to it, which is not something I usually experience in gumbo. 

Main Course:

- I ordered the lobster roll. The bun was very soft and fluffy and brought everything together. The lobster and crab was cooked nicely. I kinda wish more had been done with the dish though. It was tasty, but basic.

- Whole fried fish: My stepmom got this. The fish depends on the night and tonight it was some sort of bass. It was so good, she had the chef come out so she could thank him personally. 

- Hot Chicken: This dish is very spicy, but also really tender. It can be hard to get tender chicken breast, so I was very happy with the outcome here. 

- Oyster Po Boy: My mom really enjoyed it, despite the bread mishap. I tried one of the oysters and wasn't a huge fan. Seamed like more batter than oyster (although I'm not a huge oyster fan so I'm probably not the best person to judge).

Dessert:

- Beignets: A hard pass. I was really disappointed in these. The texture was awesome but there was NO sweetness at all in the dough. The only sweetness came from the powdered sugar. If there was no powdered sugar, you could probably serve them as yeast rolls. It came with a chocolate dipping sauce that just tasted like melted chocolate chips. If you want really good beignets, try Nola on the Square downtown.

- Chocolate Pecan pie: Pretty good, but the chocolate chunks in it were unnecessary.

Overall: Great service and great food. Avoid the desserts. Will definitely be back though!笑
Wow.  I'm almost speechless.  I've lived and worked in New Orleans, Patuxent River Maryland,  and plenty of other places that sport fresh oysters.  I swear I couldn't believe I was in Pittsburgh.  This place kicks ass, the oysters are first rate, the happy hour prices are incredible, and the beer and booze selection is ample!  I'm going back, next time with my main squeeze.

This could become a thing!笑
What a tragic experience that could've been avoided. I made reservations to celebrate my birthday with friends last Saturday, or so I thought, upon arriving to my reservation, I was told that there was a mistake and my reservation was put in their system for NEXT Saturday. I made the reservation myself, and know that I clearly stated the purpose and the date of my visit. The staff, including the manager on site was not only unapologetic to me and the slew of friends that I brought to eat and drink in their ephemeral restaurant, they were downright rude to me, and others in my party who tried to figure out a reasonable solution. That being said, we walked next door to Livermore, and they were more than happy to accommodate my party, and we even invited a few more friends to join because the experience next door was so nice. At the end of the day, its all about service, and I will never step foot in this place again because of the rude, unapologetic, and immature behavior of the staff. The oysters could be made of pure gold, and this place will not survive with a staff like that.笑
I was between 3 and 4 stars for a review, but I decided to go back and try again in the hopes that I can bump it up.  First, the food was excellent.  We started with the hushpuppies and cornbread, and both were surprisingly light on the grease-factor and worth the price in terms of size and quality (6 large hushpuppies, and 4 good-sized squares of cornbread).  We had the lobster roll and fries and the seafood gumbo.  For me, the lobster roll was too garlic-buttery, but that's kind of how it's supposed to be.  It's one of the few in the city that goes the butter vs. mayo route, so if that's your thing, it's a substantial portion of seafood for the price (albeit the lobster is cut with crawfish).  The seafood gumbo was delicious.  A little heat, but a ton of seafood.  I had no problem at all paying $24 for something that hearty and generous.  

We also had the cocktails, one sazerac and one Mardi Gras special drink.  The sazerac was ok...not common on drink menus around here, so I was happy that a creole/cajun restaurant was smart enough to at least try to include it.  The other drink was a funky combination of Purple Haze, mezcal, and flavored shrubs.  It was very heavy on the mezcal, which can be a pretty acquired taste, so I wish they had dealt a little more deftly with that flavor.

We had a reservation and still had to wait about 15 minutes, which would have been less irritating if they actually had somewhere to wait.  It's a pretty small place, so we had to sit at the bar, which unfortunately took seats from people just looking to sit at the bar and give business to the bartender for a bit.  The other complaint was that though our server was very personable, we were done with our cocktails mid-meal but he didn't offer us another cocktail until our plates had been cleared and we were finished.  We were wanting to have another drink, but at that point we were done with the food and felt kind of like he was trying to quickly turn over the table, which wouldn't be surprising given the limited seating.  He also didn't offer dessert, so I'm not even sure if they have a dessert menu there.  Not a big deal, but if you have a dessert menu, I'm usually a pretty easy sell.  Overall, great food, ok cocktails, but the experience seemed a little too rushed for us, whereas most restaurants at this price point tend to give you time to relax and enjoy it a little more.笑
This was the best and most interesting menu I've seen in awhile.  Not often that I want to try just about everything on the menu!  Drinks were tasty and reasonably priced, atmosphere is nice,  staff was all friendly and on point and the food was hot and flavorful!  We had the foie gras deviled eggs, fried green tomatoes and pork rinds,  we couldn't pick a favorite they were all delicious!  Then we had a halibut special with these amazing blue grits and a bowl of gumbo that had so much depth to it.  We can't wait to go back and try more!笑
Not a seafood fan but this place was awesome.  We went for brunch and would go again.
They have a huge bloody mary bar.  We had the Brunch Punch, though, and it was potent and delicious.  Started with fried green tomatoes...DO NOT MISS OUT!  They were amazing!
It's definitely pricey, don't let the 2 $'s fool you.  But sometimes it's worth splurging for atmosphere, delicious food, and good service.笑
A solid 4 for this adventure...the lobster roll was excellent and loaded with lots of lobster!  While the sandwich may look small in the photo, I assure you it was really tasty and filling!  My only knock would be volume and music.  Music was bar loud (which I guess is ok), however it went from this down home blues vibe to hip hop rap which left me scratching my head thinking they may be bringing out a DJ and changing to a club format with dancing or something....it eventually switched back to blues....will definitely come back again!笑
Awesome food and drinks! We got east and west coast oysters and both were phenomenal. I ordered hot chicken and it did not disappoint, it was perfectly spicy and juicy and delicious. My boyfriend got the seafood gumbo and said it was really tasty I was too busy devouring my chicken to steal a bite. The service was friendly and prompt for a busy Saturday night. We'll definitely come back again!笑
Really really good. We started off with the east/west coast oyster sampling. East coast was way better than west. Their green fried tomatoes were very very good. We then split BBQ shrimp and grits. 4 humongous prawns and the grits were cooked perfectly. Highly recommend!笑
We had dinner here late on a Friday night. The ambiance is great, the tables are cozy, the bar is pretty cool, and there was a musician playing. We obviously had to get the oysters, and the waiter recommended the east/west tasting which was really fun- we surprisingly liked the east coast oysters better!
Dinner did not disappoint- the meals were beautifully presented and had excellent flavor, exactly what I would expect from a Cajun/creole restaurant. We finished off with the beignets for dessert which were absolutely delicious. We will definitely be coming here again!笑
It kind of all comes down to price at this place...if everything we ate was reasonably priced then I just wouldn't have as negative feelings...I emphasize "as negative". The entree's were just ok....lobster roll was bland and overcooked. The gumbo, again, nothing great or notable. Some of the other entrees sounded better but honestly I wasn't in the mind set going there to pay steakhouse prices. The oysters were good...if I go back (and that's a big if)....it'll just be for oysters and apps. OH! Huge pet-peeve....if you're going to serve beer in bottles and cans offer your diners a glass! Here we are paying over $150 on a dinner for two and drinking cans of Dale's Pale Ale. Classy...笑
For a super hipster eatery, this place actually appealed to me! It really was perfect. I went during happy hour and it was da bomb. 

Hubby and I went all out and ordered 24 East coast oysters, the hot chicken entree, the skillet cornbread and the beignets! Everything tasted amazing and the ambiance was relaxing and nice. It is a rather cramped interior with uncomfortable chairs but their Bayou menu makes up for it. The staff is very friendly too. Everyone was pretty attentive whether they were your waiter or not. The beignets came with this bourbon caramel sauce that I swear I got tipsy from, lol. 

Usually, I would not give cramped, expensive popular places with no parking many stars, but I think the appeal of Muddy Waters was too much. I'm a sucker for New Orleans themed things and this one just really satisfied me. Well done. I will be back to try the rest of the menu.笑
Unbelievable food. The appetizers were amazing. The Hush Puppies, smoked devilled eggs and the fried green tomatoes are highly recommended.  My blackened salmon was succulent and not overly spicy.  Sazeracs are as good as you'll get in New Orleans.  It's an excellent addition to Pittsburgh笑
Great spot in the Pittsburg area for oysters both raw and cooked. The staff was great and happy hour is by far the best value on raw oysters. Definitely worth the trip.笑
This was our first time here and let's just say I can't wait to go back again! The cornbread is just amazing, the apple butter spread you get with it is the best I've ever had. We also got the lobster roll which was done perfectly, my husband ordered a dozen oysters, which I don't eat, but he said they were delicious. I highly recommend this place.笑
Had the East / West oyster combo. It was excellent. Even my wife, who is not a big oyster fan, loved them. We also had the fried green tomatoes, wedge salad, and Caesar salad starters. The soft shells were available as a special. I had the whole fish. Everything was great.笑
As many of you know, I'm sure, birthday celebrations can escalate quickly. Well, that is what happened one fateful night in February, and come sunrise, we needed sustenance - and FAST! Enter Muddy Waters.

I have never liked raw oysters - something about the texture does not agree with my palette. I was outvoted, and to the oyster bar we went. We walked in and were seated right away (which, for a rough morning, was satisfying to say the least). We had instant access to the Bloody Mary bar, which was fantastic and offered many options to create a drink that could serve as a meal.  The table ordered a dozen oysters, and I went ahead and dove in. While I didn't have an awful experience, I wouldn't eat an oyster again - still not for me. However, everyone in my group LOVED them - so much that they ordered more.

Now, for the meal. I'm convinced my shrimp po boy was sent from heaven to reassure me that there are still great things in the world. I also received enough food to feed me later on in the day, and I am typically a plate-cleaner. Great value for the price!

I will definitely be back to enjoy another po boy soon - though I should really try something new, it will be tough not to order the same thing (it was so good!)笑
My girlfriend and I recently stopped here for dinner and got seated at the full service oyster bar since there were no tables available in the restaurant.

To start, we got a tasty cheese appetizer which involves a soft cheese spread to put on pita-style spiced chips and home-made pickles.

For entrees, I got a lobster roll and my girlfriend got a shrimp po' boy.  Despite loving lobster, I generally shy away from getting lobster rolls because at most restaurants what you receive is a hotdog bun filled with mayo with a tiny bit of lobster.  The lobster roll here was probably the best lobster roll I've ever had because it was stuffed with well cooked lobster and craw-fish and not even an iota of mayo.  I only wish the bread was as good as the bread used to construct my girlfriends po' boy, but I know it's hard to break tradition with the split top bun for a lobster roll.  The cajun fries on the side were also delicious, and delectably spicy.

I don't indulge in raw oysters, but I was impressed with the variety of different oysters that they offered here to eat.

The service was good as well, and I'll likely be returning soon to have another lobster roll even though the meal overall was a bit on the expensive side.笑
The oysters and seafood were great! We ordered the seafood tower that had 15 different oysters, shrimp and lobster and I would definitely order it again! We wanted to try other things on the menu but couldn't fit anymore so we will definitely be going back!笑
I must admit, I definitely need to come back and have a better experience atmosphere-wise before I can bump up the rating.

First: the food - it was excellent.  We got a couple of the west coast oysters, their deviled egg special of the week (deviled eggs with bacon bits, bacon jam and fish egg) on top! Seriously amazing. I (idiotically) ordered a Caesar salad that was made with collard greens, tomatoes, cheese and it said it had seasonal berries on it - I didn't find any.  It was good, but I definitely should have strayed from the diet and ordered something more hearty.  Bobby got a shrimp po'boy and it was fantastic.  It came with a large side of the Cajun fries and they were amazing!

I have to gripe, though.
 I made a reservation and the hostess informed me it had been cancelled as I arrived, but it was no big deal because they seated us as soon as we got there anyway.  We were led to the very back of the restaurant, past multiple open tables, and seated right next to the kitchen opening.  First of all- it was freezing. Second of all, our table was so tiny it really was not even big enough for two people to be eating off of it and third, I was right up against the counter where the servers take the old, eaten-off-of plates from other diners.  Directly next to me was the computer and cash register and it was just a typical messy back-of-the-house area and I was bummed to be sitting back there because it was so dingy and the rest of the place was cute and cozy.  I could hear the workers talking to each other and yelling in the back, it smelled like a combination of fish and the coffee from the coffee machine next to me and overall, it was just a really terrible table to be sitting at.

I totally understand wanting to maximize the use of the intimate space in which the restaurant is located, but I feel that particular spot needs to be eliminated completely or measures need to be taken to make it so if they do keep the table back there, their experience isn't borderline ruined because of everything going on within arms reach of the seat.

Our service was not bad, but it was just OK. We weren't neglected, but there wasn't much interaction besides food being dropped off and plates being taken away.  Nothing stood out.

Good food though and a creative menu with lots of drinks - I would definitely try again.笑
Whiskey selection is superb and bar staff is amazing. Some of the best cocktails in Shadyside.笑
Had an amazing brunch here. Bloody Mary bar with shrimp was a great way to start and the lobster roll was perfect (felt justified spending 20 bucks on it).  I've had some disappointing brunches recently but this was a very pleasant surprise. Service was quick too although it wasn't exceptionally busy when we had our visit. I can't comment on the oysters but will have to go back to give them a try.笑
This is another new restaurant in the gentrified east liberty since I lived here. It's not very big so I would recommend making reservations. We came here on Christmas Eve and they had happy hour specials. One of the offerings was $1 oysters with a minimum order of 6. I am not a big oyster eater but YOLO so I ordered them. You can't not order oysters at a restaurant that's known for its oysters lol they were pretty fresh and big. Not as salty or strong tasting. We paired it with their $10 off special of a bottle of bubbly. We got the Italian prosecco. For my entree I got the banana foster french toast sans bacon. It was a nice size portion and very flavorful. I liked the bread they used for the French toast. They also have a Bloody Mary bar during brunch. I don't really like bloody Mary's but it seems like a good deal for $10.笑
The dollar oysters ($1 east, $2 west) are awesome. I mean seriously, you can get dollar oysters every day of the week for happy hour but Sunday here. How awesome is that? There's even a Double Happy Hour Tuesday nights!!

Anyway we had been here before but this time I decided to review. The Bloody Mary bar is pretty great. Pro tip: start at the end, it's where the oysters, shrimp and bacon are. 

We had two dozen oysters (the West Coast Hendersons were fantastic), a Low Country Hash, and a Seafood Gumbo no rice.

The Seafood Gumbo is completely loaded with 10 ounces of seafood. It included crawfish, oysters, shrimp and lobster. It's a dark gumbo, almost mahogany, and very flavorful. I thought it was super legit that they would do it without rice and while the price wasn't cheap, it was fair considering the amount of seafood. 

But if you need oysters, just come here. Make it easy on yourself. Can't beat dollar oysters.笑
Had an awesome experience for dinner a few weeks ago. 
Started off with the horseradish hush puppies. There were tasty without being overly horseradish-y. Also got the fried green tomatoes and these were delicious. Crunchy on the outside and soft but not mushy on the inside. My husband got the gumbo which was slightly oversalted which took away from the rest of our excellent meal.
I got the fried soft shell crab special with
 a salad underneath. This was absolutely delicious! My favorite part was actually the salad as it had some mint and watermelon in it. So refreshing and complemented the crab beautifully. Saw lots of other things on the menu I would want to try. Overall very good and would definitely come back.笑
Situation: Came for saturday happy hour (11am-1pm) and for dinner a few weeks ago

Background: We came with a small group of friends for happy hour ($1 east coast oysters, $2 west coast oysters,  $4 oyster shooters). The bloody mary bar was clever. You get to pick whatever vodka you want (some with infused flavors) which was given to you in a mason jar, and you can add the mix with as many condiments (which included thickcut bacon, olives, peppers) as you want.  Lobster roll was mostly crawfish, so dont expect a lot of lobster. The cornbread was more on the sweet side, almost like a dessert version of zucchini bread. The truffle sauce for the hushpuppies was very good. 

Assessment: Great meal for oyster lovers (a good deal especially if you come for the happy hour)

Recommendations: oysters, fried oyster or shrimp po-boys, grits, fried green tomatoes, bloody mary bar笑
Awesome happy hour- $1 east coast and $2 west coast oysters. They also take reservations!

Standouts: Fried Green Tomatoes (excellent pimento cheese spread) and Hot Chicken (1/2 spicy fried chicken with rice and collard greens). The Lil Chunky Burger was OK.

I also tried a banana dessert with whiskey at the recommendation of the server- very good, but the alcohol content was stronger than I expected, which I guess isn't necessarily a bad thing.笑
I love that Zagat finally put the Pittsburgh food scene on the map (long overdue) and Muddy is in the best neighborhood in the burgh... East end.   My old stomping grounds and this used to be an Ethiopian joint that I actually liked.  This place is ok... And I mean that.   Nothing wrong at all.  Oysters are good but it is an oyster bar so they should be.   No horsy or cocktail and this was a minus for me.   Food is creole type but frankly not as good as Nola's in the Square.  I had the shrimp po boy... And New Orleans staple.  It was ok.  We had some cocktails... They were ok.   You getting my drift here.  Nothing wrong with this place and worth a shot but also nothing to make it stand out.  For record... Wait staff was good!笑
My husband and I went for dinner on a Saturday night. We sat at the bar right by the oyster station because we were an hour early for our reservation. 

We started with the rosemary cornbread and a couple of east coast oysters. The cornbread was a 10/10, served warm with slabs of butter within. The oysters were good too - definitely fresh.

For our mains, we had the seafood gumbo and the oyster Po Boy. Both were decent but nothing the shout about. The Po Boy was a regular Sandwich with tomatoes, iceberg lettuce, mayo and oysters - there could have been more filling in the sandwich. The fries that came with it were way too salty - make sure you tell them less or no salt if you want to be able to finish them. The gumbo was decent with a decent amount of seafood, but not the best you will have, and the portion could have been slightly more generous for a main. The food didn't feel or taste like it was "made with love." Even the ambience and waitstaff were a little cold - not as friendly as I would have liked. 

Overall, it was a decent experience, but the only thing we would go back for would be the cornbread and oysters. Service was quick. We were in and out in less than an hour.笑
It was my second time at Muddy Waters and I will not be going back. After specifically stating no mayo on my shrimp po boy, I waited an outrageous amount of time just to receive my sandwich slathered- I mean slathered top and bottom bun and everything in between- with mayo. Needless to say I couldn't eat one bite, and so I spent an outrageous price for mediocre fries and three drinks. They didn't even have the customer service to take the sandwich off the bill. I most certainly will never be returning...笑
By far the best oysters I have ever had in Pittsburgh!!! The ambiance was looking lovely with traditional New Orleans music who could want more! French 75's are the way to my heart. We will definitely be returning regulars.笑
This is one of my favorite places for Happy Hour. They offer $1 raw oysters during happy hour but they also have a variety of other oysters at higher price points if you want to try out oysters from different regions. 

They have a great cocktail menu that I believe changes from time to time. I highly recommend trying one of their cocktails. I usually get a Moscow mule here but my friends often explore the other custom drinks and specials. The bartenders are very friendly and the staff is great. 

I am also a huge fan of Cajun food because I grew up in New Orleans. Honestly, most places this far north do not know what they're doing but this place does a good job. I highly recommend their seafood Gumbo. It's the best gumbo I've had outside of Louisiana hands down. I've also tried their cornbread mac and cheese which was surprisingly delicious. 

This place is definitely a must if you like seafood and Cajun/Creole and a good cocktail. It's not quite the real deal, but they do a good job emulating some classic Bayou cooking.笑
Great new place right around the corner. Oysters were amazing. Looking forward to many more trips in here笑
I had high hopes for this place, I'm not a big oyster fan but will try anything.  

Everything I ate here seemed like it was cooked in.... how do I say this.... "Muddy Waters."

I went to New Orleans and I like seafood and saw some cool food on the menu. I tried a grilled oyster with butter and crumbs. It was cooked right melted in my mouth like butter but the flavor was not what I like.

I ordered the alligator gumbo to be daring and the flavoring was off and not what I  like.

I ordered the Louisiana lobster and crayfish roll. It tasted fishy and not to my liking.

I think everything was made well and my service was good but the flavorings were not to my liking even though I think it's supposed to taste that way.... just not for me I guess.笑
Completely underwhelming. First, the good - the cocktails I had were well done with top shelf stuff. Really enjoyed the drinks. The atmosphere is the usual trite hipsterville stuff - nothing offensive, but nothing unique. Safe. The staff was efficient with a discernible lack of passion and/or personality. It seemed all business to me, but for some that's good enough. I tend to like a staff that is lively, effusive and possess a witty demeanor. During my visit it was all 'whatta you have? Gotcha. Here you are. Everything ok?'. Attempts to dive deeper in conversation didn't go anywhere. Whatever... So, the food. Ordered fried green tomatoes as everyone seems to and they were fine. Ordered a po boy and it was fine. My partner ordered seafood gumbo and it was...wait for it...fine. For $24 I want really good not ok. 

So I get that I am actually not in NOLA so I should be less critical, but I think there should be more to a New Orleans themed restaurant than 1. Delta music on juke 2. indulgent use of salt... 3. remoulade. Perhaps I'm being too harsh, but with these prices and with the hard sell of an eating on the bayou experience I think they could deliver more than they do. I'm glad I went, but I don't think I'll go back. Frankly, for what my bill was -  I can get a RT ticket to New Orleans. That is not hyperbole. It really is not.笑
What a great experience! The place is small but they were able to get us a table right away. The bar is very nice and includes an oyster bar as well. The service was very attentive and knowledgeable. We went for brunch on a Sunday at about 2 PM. The place was very busy and a lot of people were getting up and down for the bloody mary bar which looked great and included a ton of items to add to your bloody mary. I had a Sazerac and my wife had a French 75, both superb. We had an assortment of east and west coast fresh oysters and they were great. My wife had the lobster eggs Benedict and loved it. She said the hollendaise was especially good. My son had the lobster and crawfish roll and cajun fries which were hand-cut fries with cajun spices. He ate it in about 3 seconds, I had the gumbo which was the best i've had since New Orleans. In fact, it was as good or better than anything I've in NOLA. For dessert we had the Biegnet which were spot on clones of those at Cafe Du Monde. All in all, it was a great meal. When we left my wife asked if I thought we could get reservations for dinner that night. That's high praise.笑
This place is super yum. I'd probably give it a 4.5 star rating, though, because we thought they were trying a little too hard to be over the top with the drinks, which resulted a little too much fuss for not as much flavor. The food, however, is off the charts. I'd say that cajun-type food is my least favorite of all foods, and I loved their eats. It is cajun-done-awesome. However, save yourself $5/drink and stick to wine or beer to wash it down.笑
Excellent service! I'm not a seafood fan so I had the steak and fries and they were delicious!笑
Out for the night and decided to grab a quick bite at muddy waters. If you've ever been to New Orleans, Lake Charles or even Shreveport Louisiana for that matter you won't like the food you will love the food at Muddy Waters.  The chef has a very good take on the coastal influence of Louisiana cuisine. Fresh oysters, po boys, gumbo and lots yummy strong drinks. 
We had the pork rind appetizer that was a good blend of salty zesty and just plain guilty fun. We also enjoyed a shrimp Po boy in Cajun fries just enough heat to let it linger and makes you want to drink all the water in your glass. Do not miss the Two ton Feather so smooth it could be dangerous. Will be returning for that awesome looking gumbo and steak.笑
Fried alligator...lobster eggs benedict...oysters...chicken po'boy...duck and sausage gumbo, poutine with green tomatoes and blue cheese.. Muddy Waters offers a unique and hearty take on brunch and I loved every second of it. The lobster eggs benedict was my brunch pick and it was completely amazing. At $20, I hoped I was going to get my money's worth and I did. Lots of lobster pieces strewed around the biscuit, ham and poached eggs - my stomach was very happy. 

My friend tried to the fried alligator and waffles to be a little adventurous. NOTE: This is more than enough food for two people. Alligator was piled high enough that people from other tables stared at the plate of food before us. It was a bit of a spectacle but that wasn't the best part. The best part was that the fried alligator was DELICIOUS. It's like a slightly more chewy and flavorful chicken! So maybe it didn't end up being super out of the box, but it was pretty delicious.

Also, service was really good! Our waiter was really friendly and happy to talk us through the menu.笑
My dining experience at Muddy Waters was just what the doctor ordered. I had a wonderful relaxing time slowly going through an approximately 3 course meal with my boyfriend. We went here on a Friday night at 5:45pm (we had a reservation). When we arrived it wasn't packed; however, I believe most of the people dining throughout the night had reservations. I could not wait to dine here, because I had experienced a taste of the place at a yelp event in 2016. 

We explored the happy hour by ordering two Don Waynes (a happy hour cocktail) which has ginger and was very delicious. We started with Oyster's Rockefeller which remind me of an escargot dish. They are cooked oysters with tons of fixings and a slight kick. Then we had the raw oysters. First we tried the James River oysters which were a dollar a piece. Then we tried the Emerald Cove oysters which were 2 bucks a piece. I preferred the James River; however, the Emerald Cove are very creamy. 

My boyfriend had the Gator Sausage Gumbo. This had a pretty nice kick and the gator was melt away tender!. He also had the Oyster PO-boy which was a very large sandwich that came with fries. My man raved about the fries and claims they are the best he has ever tried. 

I had the Shrimp and grits which was spicier than my ideal preference but delicious nonetheless. The grits were very creamy and helped cut the cajun flavors of the sauce. The shrimp were really jumbo jumbo full prawns. This meal is super messy and definitely not good for a first date. The prawns are not cleaned, they have a face and everything, so most of your time is spent trying to get to the meat. 

This whole dining experience plus tip was around $116. So I would consider this place pretty pricey but definitely a good treat on occasions.笑
Great seafood bar in east liberty. Tried to put a dinner time reservation in around 6/7, but everything was fully booked until 9pm. Ended up taking the 9pm reservation, but showed up a little bit early. They were not able to seat us right away, so they offered us a spot at the bar. We ended up liking the bar a lot and opted not to take the table we originally reserved. The bar is full service and provides a great view of drink mixing and oyster shucking. The space was large enough to hold our platter of oysters and an entree for each of us. Although the seats were all occupied, we didn't feel crammed and liked that they offered hooks to hang our bags/ get them out of the way. 

Food was delicious. We ordered the east/west oyster taster dozen, a po boy and a Louisiana lobster roll! Our only complaint was that the fries were saltier than we would have liked! 

All in all, this place had great vibes, great service and great food!笑
It's about time that Pittsburgh has a rockin' raw bar, and Muddy Waters does not disappoint. The ManBeast and I went to Muddy Waters for the first time last night to celebrate our first wedding anniversary. We managed to enjoy the last 30 minutes of their happy hour (which runs 4:30-6:30) -- $1 East Coast oysters (a featured oyster, presumably rotates), $2 West Coast oysters, $4 Cajun oyster shooters, $10 off bottles of bubbly, $20 off bottles of Champagne.  We happily took advantage and ordered 1/2 dozen East (James River), 1/2 dozen West (hama hama), a bottle of Prosecco, and two shooters.

OYSTERS: You either like oysters and you don't. The oysters are served with lemon and mignonette, with a trio of hot sauces if you're into that. Both the ManBeast and I preferred the James River -- large and sweet.  Neither one of us loved the mignonette, but I did enjoy the house-made bangin' pimento hot sauce. Nummy!

HAPPY HOUR: Awesome deals. Seriously. We both enjoyed the shooters, which tasted like a mini-Bloody Mary with a salty, gooey surprise in the bottom (an oyster, obvs). Made with red pepper vodka and a Cajun spiced rim. 

DRINKS: We both tried a house special. I had the vieux carré, the ManBeast a Sazerac. Both drinks were delish and well-made. 

STARTERS: We sampled the pork rinds (served with a delicious creole remoulade), deviled eggs, and pimento cheese.  Pork rinds?  Hard to go wrong.  The dipping sauce was particularly delish.  The deviled eggs were my favourite -- foie gras filling topped with smoked roe. Absolutely fabulous, and a terrific portion size for two people (4 whole, stuffed eggs, served with house-made pickled veggies).  My homemade Charleston pimento cheese is better than theirs, so I'd take a pass on that next time.

DINNER: The ManBeast was coming down with a cold, so we wound up getting a to-go po' boy. I opted for the gator with fried green tomatoes on the server's recommendation. Overall, I wouldn't get that again. The greens were FAR too bitter for my taste buds and turned me off from the entire sandwich, which I couldn't eat. The gator itself was quite good, though. Two of the fried green tomato slices were rock-hard in the center. 

Normally, I would subtract a star for the disappointing sandwich, but the overall vibe of the place was so great, it compensates for this.

OVERALL: Awesome vibe. Can't wait to go back to hear the live music (although where the heck does the band play?! the place is tiny!) and sample some other offerings. Lively, although the PA music (heavily featuring Hendrix, which rocked) drowned out our ability to talk at a couple points.笑
Food here was amazing. Love the steak and lobster benedict in the brunch menu. The French toast was also a go-to dish.

For the second time (we went back for brunch because my wife and I both think it was amazing), I ordered medium-rare steak but the server brought me a rare one. My wife order lobster benedict and we got lobster roll in stead. The waitress (a girl with brown hair and tattoo) did not apologize at all. She just simply took away the food with a cold face and said she will ask the kitchen to fix it. When she brought the food back out, it was correct even though my steak became medium-cooked.

Still recommend to go here but avoid that waitress!笑
Stopped in here for dinner on New Year's Eve and I couldn't be more excited to have an oyster bar in the city!  We ordered the large seafood tower which was perfectly shared between Lee and I.  Fresh chunks of lobster meat, a variety of oysters from the raw bar, and head on/tail on cajun shrimp that I'm still raving about!   The sauces that come with the oysters are fantastic, my favorite was the aioli-esque one that was pinkish in color (helpful, I know).  I don't know what was in it but it was sooo good.  The one downside to the seafood tower was that we were seated at one of the high top tables along the wall and it was kind of hard to fit the tower, two plates, beverages, and condiments on the table.  I'd definitely request one of the booths or larger tables if you plan on ordering more than a few snacks.

I was hoping to see a seafood pasta, like a Spaghetti ai Frutti di Mare or seafood alfredo on the dinner menu, but no dice :(  So to round out our meal, we decided to share an order of Oysters Rockefeller which were rather good and served with crusty bread, and the beef tartare which was amazing.  For dessert we ordered the beignets.  Next time I'm here I definitely want to sit right at the raw bar, I love watching the manpower that goes into preparing the perfect plate of oysters.   I think my favorite thing about our meal was that I walked out the door feeling satisfied, not like I had overindulged or consumed anything terribly, uncomfortably filling.  It was a delicious, fresh & quick meal that I look forward to having again soon.  They even have $1 East Coast/$2 West Coast oyster happy hour Monday through Friday!笑
The food is quite good but the lousy service brings the rating down by at least one star.  Folksy is fine but our waiter's attention to our table was dismal.  Appetizer plates sat on table and I think the only reason the wait staff removed them was that there was no room for our main course.  And then we had to ask to have those plates removed after they sat on the table for 20 minutes.

Not sure I would return.笑
It was ok. Parking was a problem. The oysters were supposedly outstanding but I cannot eat oysters so I went there for my guests. My Cajun shrimp were mushy, nasty old shrimp and they should never have been served. I will not go back.笑
Pros: At $8, the Bloody Mary bar was a steal. There's a nice variety on the menu, although once you add raw oysters (or another appetizer) + a drink + plus an entree, the price is easily more than $30 per person, which is more than I want to spend on lunch. The grilled oysters my friend's friend had looked delicious. My partner appreciated that the fruit salad that came with his chicken sandwich had actual fresh fruit and berries rather than merely cantaloup and honeydew.

Cons: The strawberry vinaigrette on the pecan salad was an unnatural shade of washed-out pink (perhaps a personal quirk of mine). The music was too loud for easy conversation. The waitress disappeared while we eating, making drink refills difficult, and she then tried to clear my plate before I was finished with the fixings on my Bloody Mary.

Verdict: We'll come back, but only for special occasions or with guests.笑
I've been twice and both times it seems like they've have problems shucking the oysters, we've had to spit out grit. The drinks are good, but nothing too special that we've had. Probably not going to go again.笑
I am in love with this place.

My friend and I came in Saturday evening and sat at the cute bar area that's first come, first served.

We ordered the East-West Coast chef's tasting oysters. These change regularly (daily?) and we were excited to try all of them. The oysters tasted fresh and delicious, and the sparkling wine we got paired beautifully with them. My favorites were the Pickering Pass, James River, and Wellfleet, but we generally enjoyed all of them.

We also split a cup of the chicken and sausage gumbo. The gumbo tasted so rich and smoky. People often talk about depth of flavor, and this gumbo had it. The sausage and the spice were quite nice also. I felt like the chicken could be a bit.. more moist(?), but overall, I loved this gumbo.

I also tried their deviled eggs. It definitely tasted smoky as described and was pretty delicious. A little more pickling in all the other ingredients than maybe I would have liked, but I still loved it.

Muddy Waters seems trendy in a good way; the service is friendly, already knowledgeable (surprising given how new this place is!), and attentive; the food seems great and there are soooo many other items I want to try (shrimp and grits!! lobster roll!!! mac & cheese!!!).

I have a feeling that I'm going to be a regular here. :D笑
One of my favorite places in Pittsburgh.   Been there more than once....business traveler, here.  Fantastic food.笑
My family and I checked out Muddy Waters on Father's Day per a recommendation from a coworker. The restaurant is definitely on the smaller side so it may be best to get a reservation if you plan to go. The main reason I checked this place out is for the Bloody Mary bar. While it was not the best I've ever seen, it had some interesting options such as raw oysters and pickled green tomatoes that I haven't seen anywhere else. Which is one thing I really look for in a Bloody Mary bar. Everyone can do a Bloody Mary bar but how can you make yours stand out from the rest.

As for the food, it wasn't out of this world but we definitely liked it. 3 of us got the breakfast biscuit and 1 of us got the special quiche. Overall I think they took something that was relatively basic and boring and made it a little better by putting their own spin on it. I'm not a huge biscuit fan but their biscuit was amazing. That topped with an egg and red onion marmalade how could it not be good!? 

A coworker has told me that the lobster eggs benedict is also amazing so I will definitely be back to give that a try and also to give the lunch/dinner a try.笑
Small crowded place but comfortable area in the back for seating. We had ressies, so seating was not an issue. Great happy hour and daily specials. We started with some appetizers and chose the deviled eggs the were accompanied by some spicy pickles and green beans. They were amazing and one of our favorite items if the night. We also ordered the pimento cheese appetizer which was a bit spicy but uniquely delicious.

For our entrees we chose the lobster roll with Cajun fries and the whole snapper with veggie hash. The lobster roll had not only lobster, but also shrimp and crawfish. The seafood was very tasty, but the roll was hard and chewy and got tossed to the side. The whole snapper was presented beautifully on the plate with the veggie hash. The hash was very good but I felt the fish needed a bit more flavor. After carefully removing the inedible parts and bones, I mixed the fish with the hash and some Crystal hot sauce and it was quite enjoyable. However, I probably wouldn't order it again as it was a bit of work and there are too many other items I would want to try first. 

Our server was very friendly and we chatted throughout the evening about good food locations all over the country. Our server was helpful and efficient from beginning to end.

In summary, this was a good meal but not quite the level of New Orleans cuisine we are accustomed to. But this is probably as close as we can get right now in the Burg, so we will take it!笑
HOLY MOLY THE BRUNCH! 

This may have taken the spot of my favorite brunch spot in Pittsburgh (food wise). 
Came in on a Saturday around 12 for brunch with a reservation. Place was pretty calm and not packed but our waiter said that brunch for them is mainly busiest on Sunday's. 

Our waiter was AWESOME. My friends both got the bottomless mimosas and I got the Bloody Mary bar. At no point did we have to ask for more mimosas he just kept them coming! And the Bloody Mary bar was second best I have experienced. First is definitely Meat and Potatoes. 

Amongst us we got the shrimp and grits (head on shrimp), chicken and biscuit, and Lobster Benedict. Every single one was absolutely incredible. The ingredients were beyond fresh and the mix of flavors were very well executed. 

I will definitely be back to try dinner!笑
This is a great addition to the Pittsburgh food scene.  Very nice variety of fresh oysters.  Better go during happy hour when the oysters are decent cost.  Otherwise this place is pricy!笑
I have two great things to say about this place. Food and service. 

Service...number one: my parents and I popped in here on a Saturday afternoon and I totally did not realize they were closing between lunch/dinner. That didn't stop them from serving us! They did explain that kitchen (hot food) was closed, but raw bar and drinks open. Thanks!!!! (Felt like kind of a jerk once I realized we were in the break time.) 

We ordered the chef's east/west sampler and three cocktails. The server fully detailed the types of oysters displayed (beautifully) and their tastes, regions of origin. Very informally informative. 

French 75, some bourbon and a Bloody Mary gave those oysters a real pop. 

The atmosphere is totally chill and makes it perfect to relax, imbibe and have some great conversation. 

Music selection was on point! Made my pops pretty happy!

I checked out the Happy Hour menu and it looks fantastic!! $1 and $2 oysters and drink specials. Other items off the raw bar look great too, but it's going to take me a lot to steer from those salty oysters. CAN'T WAIT to return.笑
I visited Muddy Waters Thurs. of the week before last for HH.  I'd been wanting to check it out for awhile, but wasn't sure which of my friends enjoy--or would be willing to try--oysters.  Given that Chelsea S. and I wanted to get together for HH, I suggested it.  Fortunately, she was game, so we headed over to check it out.

We ordered a half dozen each of two different types of Oysters--West Coast and East Coast.  At HH, oysters are discounted at $1 each for West Coast and $2 each for East Coast, but you have to order them by the half dozen to receive the discount.  Between the two of us, we polished off a dozen quite easily.  We started with the West Coast oysters, which were a variety from WA, and they were mild and creamy, as good West Coast oysters should be.  We then proceeded to the East Coast variety, which were from VA, and they were brinier and chewier, but still delicious.  I tried the one of each type unadorned, and both were definitely enjoyable in that form.  However, they were improved by the tangy and slightly spicy mignonette sauce that came with them, so I added a helping of this to all subsequent bivalves.

As a Cajun/Creole themed bar, Muddy Waters specializes in drinks with New Orleans roots.  Accordingly, I ordered a Ramos Gin Fizz and Chelsea ordered a French 75 ($10 each).  This was my first gin fizz, and I can definitely call myself a fan!  Due to the inclusion of beaten egg whites, it had a light, airy, and foamy head which gave way upon imbibing to a refreshingly tart liquid body.  It had a nice alcoholic kick which was muted by the lemon and foam, making for a well-balanced drink.  While I didn't try Chelsea's French 75, I could tell that she enjoyed it.

Although we didn't have a reservation, we were able to get seated without a problem at the oyster bar, where we were able to watch the employees shuck oysters.  Service from our waiter was cordial, which was also nice.  Overall, we very much enjoyed our HH experience at Muddy Waters, and would definitely return!笑
If you're gonna put a lobster roll on the menu, do it right.  Probably won't go back. Also, our server was not nice at all.  Not friendly.  And it was bloody hot in there on a 90 degree day.笑
Very good! I ordered the Blackened Salmon and it was amazing! Every bite was pure heaven. My husband ordered the Crawfish boil, which they do every Sunday while they are in season. He enjoyed his too. Didn't try the oysters, and wish I had! If you love New Orleans food, then you will not be disappointed. Super casual inside, make a reservation if you can, it is small and I am sure they get packed quick for dinner time.笑
This place is awesome! It's a small place with tables, booths, high tops and indoor/outdoor bar seating. My spouse and I went for Saturday brunch. We started with fried green tomatoes which were hot and crunchy. Then we got hush puppies, which the spouse said her and a friend finished three baskets once. The spouse got a gigantic wedge salad which she finished. I got shrimp and grits. It was BBQ style so it was a bit spicy, especially with the andouille sausages in it. It can also be a bit messy since it was head on shrimp. I looked like I dug in BBQ sauce once I was done but it was worth it for all the awesome flavor.笑
The oysters were good but unfortunately for us this is where the goodness stopped. The food is heavy and not well executed. It's out of the way for me to go get just oysters here and there are some other places I'd be just as happy to get them from.笑
Had a great birthday dinner of oysters and fried fish.  The best part were the drinks and desert. Don't miss the black bottom pecan pie!笑
Had a great time this past Sunday. We were sat right away for our 11am reservation. I ordered a French 75 while my friends got the Bloody Mary bar. Everyone was pleased. For brunch, I decided on the fried oyster po boy which was amazing I could eat 3 in one sitting. Everyone at my table also enjoyed their meals (French toast, chicken and biscuits, and lobster Benedict) and we will definitely be back. 

If I could make one super small critique, it would be that our food could've been a tad bit hotter, but since everything was perfect 5 stars it is. Good show old man. Good show.笑
Yum!  I love oysters and was spoiled living along the coast for a long time, so I've always been kind of iffy about eating them in Pittsburgh.  Muddy Waters is the place though.  They have a decent selection that you can mix and match and you can watch them shuck right next to the bar.   If you aren't a fan of raw oysters, they have several cooked varieties.  I recommend the grilled oysters that are dressed with a butter sauce and served with a warm hunk of baguette.  More filling that you would think and very delicious.   I usually pair those with their succotash dish to make a complete meal.  The veggies are varied and cooked to perfection and then topped with a perfect egg.   They have a happy hour too, so if you happen to like the items they feature (raw oysters, bubbly, etc.) you can save a few bucks.  

Three minor gripes bring the score down a star.  First, the wine selection is on the pricey side and the pours are pretty light.  Second, the pimento cheese is just a travesty.  I LOVE pimento cheese and was so excited to see it on the menu.  I ordered it with the fried green tomatoes (which were a little underdone and greasy).  It's not traditional pimento cheese, but rather some sort of Cajun-Creole take.  Whatever it was, it did not work for me at all.   Finally, I am on a crusade to rid the world of backless barstools.  I hate them.  Despise them.  Loathe them and  everything about their posture killing uncomfortableness.   Muddy Waters has a whole line of them.笑
We had the lobster roll which are second to none. 12 bucks for a dozen raw oysters at happy hour is quite a deal and I recommend the cornbread. Didn't sound too good with some of the ingredients but it works well笑
Oh my goodness! I am so happy to finally get to try this place. I've heard so many good things about this place prior to coming here. After coming here, I can definitely see what the hype is all about. 
My boyfriend is a big fan of Cajun/ creole food, so I figured I would take him out for dinner here. Mmm we both LOVE it! I've driven on highland so often but I've never noticed this place being here, it is kind of hidden. The atmosphere here is great and intimate. Perfect for a date night! I would say it is a pretty small place, so I would definitely recommend a reservation in advance. We came here without one and did not get seating, but we don't mind sitting at the bar :) 
It is pretty cool watching the staff making the oysters. 
For food, we ordered hush puppies, lobster roll, and seafood gumbo. AMAAZING! We pretty much cleared the plates in less than ten minutes. I love the little kicks to the seafood gumbo. It is probably my favorite. The lobster roll is so fresh, also the fries that came with it is so well seasoned. The hush puppies is so flavorful, we are def big fans of these. 
The price is a little higher than my normal going out dinner. (Broke graduate student.. ya know?) However, after trying their food, I would say without a doubt worth every penny. I would def come here again, maybe for a special occasion.笑
The foie gras deviled eggs were surprisingly very good & that was the highlight of the meal.  The grilled oysters were so heavy with garlic and cheese you couldn't taste the oysters. The oysters Rockefeller were dry and dull and the fried green tomatoes were greasy and hard.  I love oysters prepared just about any way and was hoping that Pittsburgh would finally have a great Oyster place. Oh well, I'll just keep on hoping!笑
Raw oysters: Out of the east coast ones, Irish point and permaquid are bigger and have a more metallic taste. Permaquid also has a strong smell. They are also more salty. The rest of the east coast oysters are less salty and have more of an earthy flavor. I really liked the one called James river. The oysters from the west coast are smaller in size and sweeter. We tried Hama Hama. It was pretty good. 

Cooked oysters: we tried the chargrilled oyster. You get 6 of them on a plate with bread and lemon. It was quite delicious. 

Appetizer: we tried an appetizer called, as far as I can recall, halushka. It wasn't listed on the menu but suggested by them. It was a pasta like dish made out of egg dumplings, Brussels sprouts and pork. It wasn't the best thing I've ever had but it was filling and ok.

Wine: we tried a Portuguese white wine suggested by our server and it was pretty smooth.

Service: this place was pretty crowded for a Tuesday evening. Service wasn't slow. We were in fact given sufficient attention and checked upon regularly and asked about the food. Service was good. Ambience was nice. Music was upbeat and they also have live music. However space is less and we felt a little cramped. Good experience overall笑
Last night was mine and my girlfriend's third time visiting Muddy Waters. After being thoroughly impressed with their brunch, we decided to check out their dinner experience. Almost out of necessity, we started with the Chef's Oyster Sampler from the east coast. One of the things we love about this place is that their oyster selection always changes and we were very happy to see new additions as well as an expanded selection. As always, the oysters were delicious and a great start to the evening. We got cornbread and fries to start which were both superb, some of the best fries in the city in my opinion, while the bite from the jalapeño in the cornbread was delightful and delicious. For an entree, we split the fish of the day, which came whole (I must admit I've forgotten the name of it but our waiter said it was similar to Black Sea bass), that was absolutely superb with amazing greens and polenta. We rounded everything out with some fantastic beignets. Overall this was one of the best meals we have had in Pittsburgh and Muddy Waters has quickly become our favourite restaurant in the city. On top of the amazing food, the staff is amazing. Our waiter last night, Real, is incredible knowledgable and very friendly with impeccable timing on when he checks in and brings the food. Guaranteed to have a great experience if you sit in his section. So thank you Muddy Waters for another fabulous experience!笑
If you love oysters and want variety, look no further because muddy waters delivers on this. If you are not a fan of oysters, they have items on the menu for you too! 

My friend and I stopped in around 7 on a Wednesday night and there was plenty of seating. This might not be the case on weekends, as they serve brunch! We ended up sitting at the bar area. Our server was very knowledgeable and helpful when it came to deciding what to order. 

My friend ordered the corn bread to start. I was really shocked to see how many pieces they brought out and they were thick pieces. I am not a huge fan of corn bread, but this corn bread was a total game changer in my book. They also don't mess around with the peach pecan butter-delish! She ordered the shrimp and grits as her meal. The shrimp were really large and had the head on still. I ordered the chargrilled oysters and I was not disappointed one bit. I may have been disappointed that I didn't order 2 orders of this, but now I know for next time! 

Overall, everything was as fresh as it gets and the prices were what I expected. The only downside is parking, but we ended up parking in the garage by Whole Foods and it's free!笑
This is the first Oyster Bar we'd heard of in the Pittsburgh area after moving from Philly where we had lots of options, so my hubby and I have been really excited to try it. The reviews made use a little nervous that it might be overcrowded, over-priced, and noisy like some other place we've been recently (Yes, Industry, I'm still complaining about you!). I'm so glad we went anyway. 

We went on a Friday night and had made reservations for 9pm, but ended up getting there shortly after 8:30pm. They were already rockin' but the host set us up immediately at the Oyster bar so we weren't standing around. Within minutes (and still early for our reservation), our waiter cleared off a table and seated us. 

We forgot our waiter's name but he was wonderful. He was super knowledgeable about each oyster offering and the rest of the menu. We got the east-west sampler (6 of each for $38) which came quickly and was perfect. Our drinks were exactly as strong as we wanted them to be on a Friday evening and delicious. I got the "I Mississippi You" and the jalapeno off-set the blackberry perfectly. My husband loved his "Clyde May's Sour" as well. 

Being hungry and the oyster lovers that we are, we then ordered the Chargrilled Oysters (another half-dozen). Buttery, garlicky, perfectly grilled, with just enough flavor that it added to the oysters without over-powering them. The hush puppies...oh my God. Perfectly fried, super flavorful, and I could have sucked down that sauce with a straw. 

I chose the seafood gumbo for my entree. Now I've had the pleasure of spending time in New Orleans and have found myself disappointed by any northern recreations of food. Muddy Waters, however, did not miss the mark. Instead of giving me a bowl of rice with a little sauce and shrimp as most places do, I had a bowl full of shrimp, oysters, lobster, and okra in an amazing sauce. My husband went for the burger which he devoured before having a chance to tell me it was delicious. 

Overall, the experience was fantastic and we can't wait to go back.笑
Whether just popping in for quick oysters on half-shell and wine at the bar, or for a full dinner, I have never been disappointed. What a great addition to the neighborhood.笑
Absolutely awesome!!!!! The Gumbo stands up against anything we have ever had in NOLA ! Oysters were amazing.  Our server Marley was the man !!!!  Back again tonight and another amazing meal.  Marley took care of us again and is still the man.  The andouille and shrimp corn dogs were stupid good! Gumbo was awesome as always.笑
I love oysters, so why I ordered the Lobster Eggs Benedict, I'll never know. But then again, who can say "no" to LOBSTER EGGS BENEDICT? The Sunday Brunch Bunch arrived at Muddy Waters one lovely Sunday afternoon in East Liberty. Though the hostess discovered a mistake with our reservation, our server made it up to us with a complimentary serving of beignets all around. The beignets were good. The Lobster Benedict was good. The atmosphere was good. While nothing fell under the "great" category, MW is a fine restaurant with an interesting menu. Try it out, but bring your pocket book (my brunch came in around ~$30 - ouch).笑
I've been to oyster places all along the northeastern seaboard, but if you want low-quality oysters at a high price, this is the place for you. It cost nearly $100 dollars for dinner and one drink each for my fiancée and myself to eat here, and half of the oysters tasted horrible. Customer service was below par, and the waitstaff was less than knowledgable about the types of oysters on the menu.笑
The staff was friendly and knowledgeable. We had a plate of the east and a plate of the west coast oysters. Both were amazing, from creamy to briny. I had the whole fried fish for dinner. Very good. I had a couple of Bloody Mary's for cocktails. They were good but not outstanding. They needed more spiciness. Overall a very good place for oysters and dinner!笑
What an awesome place. Oysters were great and the cocktails top notch. My wife wanted to go out and have real cocktails and they delivered. The atmosphere was loud and exciting. Prices were high but worth it for the whole experience.笑
The place is awesome, had the peacemaker po boy with fries and the oysters were delicious and that was my first time ever having them.  Will totally be back to try the menu..笑
Came here from a friend's suggestion. We sat at the bar because the wait was 2 hours! So definitely make a reservation if you want to sit at a table. They had great food and drink specials for happy hour. We had the lobster roll. A TON OF LOBSTER! yum! The fiancé loved the hama hama oysters... I'm not a huge fan... but just my opinion. The staff was friendly and attentive! Will be back!!笑
Came here on a Sunday for Brunch twice, and I am a fan!  If you like oysters, this is the place for you.  My first time I came I ordered a nice spread of oysters from the East and West coast... I'm a fan of the oysters with more brine (keepin' it salty).  I personally felt the more expensive the oyster the better it tasted.  The cheaper oysters didn't taste bad though!

I've also had the chargrilled oysters and they have a nice garlic and butter taste.... Mmmmm Mmmm!  The first reason I gave it a 4/5 was because my bread wasn't toasted/chargrilled with butter for the chargrilled oysters like the photos on Yelp.  I think that would have actually added value because we just had a chunk of French bread.  The oysters were delicious though.

I ordered the country breakfast (traditional style): Eggs (your way), Grits, Meat (Bacon/Sausage/etc), Bread (biscuits/toast/etc).  It was tasty.  Their grits are super cheesy and buttery - yes, yes, yes!  They were almost like my mom used to make them back in the day.  My husband ordered the fried chicken and biscuits, and that was pretty tasty too. 

If you like a good Bloody Mary Bar I believe that is their signature cocktail for brunch. They even have a mix of infusions to change up the base vodka flavor (and you can try it with tequila).  I am not a fan of them unless I have a hangover (don't judge! I've been good lately).  I noticed a lot of other tables ordered them so it must be decent.

The second reason I gave it a 4/5 is their mimosas are just "ok".  I'd give the mimosa a 3 out of 5. I prefer my mimosa to have a glass of champagne and a splash of orange juice to still be able to taste the fizz of the champagne. It shouldn't be opaque dark orange.  They're personally put too much orange juice for me (the ratio of orange juice to champagne just didn't hit the spot) and I don't believe the orange juice was fresh squeezed.  Just to make sure I wasn't crazy I went down the street to another bar and had a fresh squeeze orange juice mimosa and almost squealed with delight.  Anywho... Back to Muddy Waters Oyster Bar... They measure the champagne in a beaker first and then put the orange juice in.  Next time, I'm going to ask for a glass of champagne and ask for a shot of OJ instead.  I hope they improve the process because I love brunch and a good mimosa is a part of it.

The venue is a bit small, so definitely make reservations... Since you can do it online, why wouldn't you?  We made reservations in route just to make sure we were going to get a seat, but we ended up eating at the bar to get a view of the TV to watch football.  I'm going to have to come back for Happy Hour!笑
Great environment for some drinks and oysters. The drinks can be a bit hit or miss depending on who makes them. Great variety of oysters. A definite Pitt establishment for me.笑
I'd heard great things about the food and atmosphere of this place in the past but never had an occasion to visit until recently. A friend wanted to hear the jazz trumpet player, so we made reservations for Friday evening. (They have live music from 9:00-1:00 on Tuesdays and Fridays.) 

We walked in and were greeted by the friendly host staff. Our table was ready for us right away. The space was dimly lit and cozy but not so much that it felt crowded. The music served as a fitting accompaniment to the atmosphere. There was a generous beer, wine, and cocktail list to choose from, and I wound up going with a beer. My dining companion got the mint julep, which was tasty but far too sweet for me. 

The food was really where the experience became something special, as this was easily one of the most delicious dinners I've had within the past year. We started with the oyster sampler, which included a variety of east and west coast oysters. I've never eaten oysters so I don't have anything to compare these to, however they tasted fresh and smooth to me and that's pretty much the appeal of raw seafood. My dining companion got the oyster shooter (west coast oyster, tequila, Bloody Mary mix, spiced rim) which he greatly appreciated. 

After the oysters we got red beans and rice and fried green tomatoes with collards on top. I get hungry all over again whenever I think about the tomatoes and collards, so I'll have to go back for more soon. My entree was the blackened salmon served on some sort of scalloped, roasted potatoes. I haven't had such a divine piece of salmon since Legal Seafood in Boston, and this was an even more generous portion! My only regret was that it was too much for me to finish after everything else I'd consumed. Muddy Waters surprised me with the breadth and quality of their drink and food offerings, and I honestly can't wait to go back and try more of the menu, particularly during their generous happy hour.笑
This place is top notch.  We had a reservation on a Saturday evening.  We were seated right away, and our waiter was very knowledgable about the menu.  Neither of us had ever tried raw oysters, so the general manager offered us a couple of shooters on the house; we also ordered the hush puppies, which were flavorful and crispy.  For our entrees, I had the filet and my husband had the catfish with beer mac and cheese, which was one of the daily specials.  Both came out fast and were incredible.  The steak was the steak of my dreams, the cocktails were top notch, and the sweet tea was perfect.  Great experience!笑
We decided to try this place 2 weeks ago. The owner is very nice, came to our table and offered free deserts.
Everything is good.
Great place, the sides were good too.
Worth the price and highly recommend!笑
My husband and I LOVE seafood and have been eyeing  this place up for awhile. We finally went last night, and it did not disappoint! The restaurant is small and has a hip, industrial feel to it. We were seated at a small pub table next to the bar and started off with a couple of drinks. My husband got the Sazerac, which was kind of like a New Orleans take on a Manhattan. He loved it. 

 Everything on the menu sounded so good, we had a very difficult time choosing what to order!  We decided to order a bunch of small plates so that we could try a variety of things. My personal favorite was the grilled oysters.  We normally eat our oysters raw, but grilling them gave them such a wonderful smokey flavor -- soo good for something different! We also both really enjoyed the pastrami salmon crudo; it was a really unique combination of flavors. In a good way. Skillet cornbread and fried green tomatoes were also excellent. As was the service! We did not have to wait long for our food, and our server was on the ball. My only complaint is the price -- I do think it was a little overpriced for the amount of food you were given. But, its totally worth the splurge for a fun date night or special night out!笑
Such a solid place for Pittsburgh. Reminds me of oyster bars at home in Eastern NC, but with much better cocktails.笑
We celebrated a friends birthday at Muddy Waters on a Thursday night.  We started at the bar and ate a few dozen of the $1 oysters and a few craft IPAs.  We then transitioned to our table where I ordered the shrimp and grits along with the fried green tomatoes.  The portion size was larger than I expected and the flavored were equally great.  Would definitely come back to MWOB笑
Did I hear $1 oyster happy hour? Yes, it's true! So I had to stop in, even if it was just for the oysters. And that's exactly what we did. It's actually $1 for East Coast and $2 for West Coast from 4:30pm-6:30pm. Can't get much better than that! Note: you must order a minimum of six. 

Upon entering the restaurant, you'll feel like you've transported to Louisiana. The music really sets the tone but so does the rustic feel of the decor. It was rustic, yet modern. The size is a bit small with a long bar to the left as soon as you walk in and a small dining area of tables in the back. You can even watch them shuck the oysters at the bar if you so choose, given those seats are available. 

The service was quick. I mean, we did only just get the raw oysters. But the waiter was patient and attentive. We ordered 12 East Coast oysters and they were great. I particularly liked the unique sauce they served with it. It was like a peppery vinegar of some sort that complemented the oysters quite well; although I still preferred just lemon. They also bring out a basket with hot sauce and crackers to go along with the oysters. However, they didn't bring out cocktail sauce so that's something you have to ask for if that's a condiment you enjoy with your oysters. 

Oysters are my absolute favorite and I'm so glad to see an oyster bar pop up in Pittsburgh. I will definitely be back for not only more oysters, but to try out other items from the menu!笑
This place is amazing, recently visited Nola, so we were craving some of the same. We didn't have reservations but sat at the bar. The bartenders were excellent. Drinks were great. Appetizers and meals were well worth it. Did the chefs choice of oysters, all were amazing, ask for a side of horseradish. and finished the night off with beignets.笑
I've been looking forward to visiting Adam Kucenic's new place since the Post Gazette gave them a preview back in June of 2015. I have been waiting a long time to find a place for oysters au naturel this far away from the coasts--Muddy Waters Oyster Bar is here, and it was worth the wait.

Tonight I was looking for simplicity, and after Adam talked me through the four eastern offerings and the two westerners, I chose the full range with a chef's selection of 12. This gave me two of each, and ample number to share with my two other companions. Neither of them had ever sampled a raw bar, and this was a fine first experience. The oysters, served on ice, were just the right temperature. Not too cold to attenuate the flavors, but yet cool enough to help support a nice clean edge. The flavors were clear and bright, the subtle notes of limestone minerality, tangy brine, elemental flavors of the living ocean mixing and swirling with each other. All the liquors were clear and limpid with just the right weight on the tongue, supporting the firmer texture of the oyster itself. A well balanced range of flavors: assertive and sharp, comfortable and gentle, sweet and flavors of melon. Fortunately, no heavy cocktail sauce in evidence, just fresh lemon and a well crafted mignonette. Well done--these fellows had been well treated from oyster bed to bed of ice. Not easy to do, and not done without appropriate expense. Adam and his suppliers are to be complimented. 

The only suggestion I would make would concern presentation--a bit more visual flair would be helpful. A touch of green, perhaps dill sprig, parsley, cilantro--a bit of contrast. And,with a more abstract arrangement--think of the flair of the best Neopolitan pizza makers--let's just not circle the shells on the perimeter.

Tonight I only sampled one more item from the menu, the pimento mac & cheese. A solid offering, set off with crumbs well browned and mixed with bits of bacon, Just a tad too long in the oven--a bit more flow to the cheese matrix would have made it a 10.

And, of course, there was the Abita Purple Haze. Would not have thought of a Pilsner with a touch of raspberries at first, but it worked! And, from NOLA--what's not to like!

A great evening! Congrats Adam! Will be back soon!笑
I really like the food here. Oysters are fresh (the ones I've had any way), and they actually have fresh crawfish on Sundays. 

Minus one star because the raw clams tasted questionable. 

Minus another start because the crawfish were too spicy for me to eat. All burn and little flavor. The corn was delicious, but even that I had to stop every so often to give the taste buds a break.  

Everything else was amazing.  Would recommend the skillet cornbread and lobster roll.笑
Great place for lunch today. The lobster roll was excellent. The ambience was calm and relaxed, our waiter, Rob, was perfectly attentive during our meal. The Bloody Mary bar was ingenious, as was the punch bar offering. Happy hour allowed me to splurge on some fresh oysters and they were expertly served on ice. I enjoyed each one! I would like to return here just to explore the unique menu selections.笑
This is probably some of the best food that I have had in Pittsburgh. The Chef is definitely cooking up Cajun calssics the right way. 

We did a complete sample of the menu minue dessert. The cocktail I order was absolutely delicious. It was the horse and donkey and like the server said it was sweet and smokey. We indulged in a sample of the various oysters and they were so fresh. Definitely want to go back and try more.

As for as our course order we ordered, a cup of gumbo. The gator and sausage was so tasty, the soup itself was very flavorful and was perfect with the rice. The fried green tomatoes and sauce was amazing. The tomatoes are slices were perfect and the sauce they serve it with was yummy.

We split a whole fried fish which was snapper. The presentation alone was great. But the fish was fried to perfection and it was served over cheddar grits and greens. As a person who knows good grits and greens these were made to perfection. I would come back just to eat a bowl of greens.

Overall muddy waters is doing a fantastic job. I recommend this place for any occasion.笑
Good drinks, good food- much needed creole/Cajun addition to the city (for those of us who NOLA didn't cut it for).  Get the gumbo- it's a beautiful things as is the creole spiced shrimp cocktail.

I love the I Mississippi you as far as drinks go.

Only reason I didn't rank this higher stars is 1. The entree sized plates get to be a bit pricey ($24 for shrimp and grits?!?!). 

The biggest drawback is the parking situation- basically you aren't getting close unless you have a parking fairy. There is extremely limited street parking, a public lot 5 blocks away And no valet. Hard to convince some people to come here with those as options笑
The lobster roll is amazing! Great service! The oysters went down sweetly! The fried green tomatoes are exceptionally tasty and great for sharing! The BBQ shrimp and grits was yummy except for the need to completely deconstruct the shrimp and it became a total mess. 

The air handler also could not handle the heat when the roll up door is open. It was extremely hot inside so much so that we had to change venues to continue drinking as soon as the food was finished. I will definitely visit again when the weather is cooler!笑
We came here for the happy hour oysters and were not disappointed.  $1 for James River and $2 for Hama Hama and Kumamoto.  While $1 was a good deal, the $2 tasted so much better.  It's a difference you can tell, and definitely worth that extra $1.  I ordered the Bergamot Kiss - citrus, refreshing, foamy egg whites.  It was a soft and delicious drink.  We also ordered the duck & sausage gumbo and the chargrilled oysters.  The gumbo was great, and there were tons of meat in it.  The chargrilled oysters tasted soo clean and good.  We just came back from NOLA and this place brought us back "a little bit".  The food and drinks were on point, but NOLA is delicious, dirty NOLA... However, Muddy Waters Oyster Bar is a gem in Pittsburgh nonetheless.笑
Stopped here with my happy hour group. We were lucky enough to to get 8 seats surrounding the oyster bar.
Others who for oysters (some are $1 ea during happy hour!) said they were awesome. I got the burger... Oh my god. It had 2 parties, bacon, a fried green tomato, a fried egg, pickles, spicy mayo, and who knows what else on some kind of bangin bun (challah maybe?). SO GOOD. Cocktails were also good. No beers on tap and no happy hour drink specials were not so good. It was obvious that the staff was new- getting a drink was a major challenge at times.

We'll be back, hopefully to report equally delicious food and better service.笑
Went here for brunch with the hubby and an out of town friend as well as the little one who slept in his car seat for most of the meal. 

I got a bloody mary and I was really impressed with the selection of hot sauces and garnishes at their bloody mary bar. The whole oysters,  shrimp,  bacon, and stuffed cherry peppers where especially delicious! 

For my entree I ordered the lobster Benedict and it was insanely delicious. I really liked the biscuit,  ham,  and huge pieces of lobster. The crawfish hollandaise was delicious and the exact right consistency(I could have used a bit more, but that's more of a gluttonous desire) and the egg was perfectly poached. 

My husband ordered the gumbo and our guest ordered the special which was a fried oyster omelet with chiccharon and a side of andouille sausage. When my husband heard chiccharon he requested a side if the kitchen could accommodate, and they brought out a small fry basket full of them. It was nice to see a kitchen willing to accommodate crazy requests and at a reasonable price. 

Everything was delicious and fresh. We loved it and can't wait to head back there for a happy hour at some point.笑
Clearly a winner!!! Flavorful Cajun and Creole food, knowledgeable bartenders & servers, great happy hour specials on oysters, drinks, bubbles & champagne! Seriously, it's awesome here! 

Happy Hour seems to offer a daily $1 oyster special & our group devoured several dozen. The gator bites and hush puppies were so tasty, we ordered 2nds. Their cornbread is STELLAR! Literally the very best I've ever tasted. Everything is exceptionally well flavored and has a little kick of tasty heat to it - just the way it's supposed to! Hubby & I also split an oyster Po'Boy (they're enormous, so splitting was easy). Personally I wish the oysters had spent a few seconds less in the fryer, but my guy was happy with it. 

We attended a birthday bash with some great friends here so we had a comfy space reserved for our large party. Service both at the bar where we started and at our table was spot on all evening. These folks were all well prepped on the day's specials & didn't mind repeating when we couldn't remember the lengthy list of available delights.  

Great spot to hang out for drinks & some really tasty food. We'll be back!!笑
Great place! Their raw oysters were delicious as well as their cocktails. The servers were all friendly and nice. It was a happening place tonight.笑
What a unique atmosphere! My boyfriend and I loved everything about our experience. The cocktails were outstanding! I tried the 'It's about thyme' & 'I wish I was in Dixie' and they did not disappoint. I ordered the crab cluster and although crab legs do involve a little bit of work, this was a welcomed challenge after my first taste of crabmeat! Also- TRY THE LOBSTER ROLL!! Delicious! And the service was great!笑
First, I will start off with a tip. This restaurant now takes reservations. I would highly recommend for a Friday or Saturday night to call the week of and make one. We tried walking in on a whim twice and the wait was almost an hour.

We went on a Thursday night with reservations but found it wasn't necessary for a week night because there were many open two tops (but rather be safe than sorry)! 
The restaurant is surprisingly small on the inside. Cute but small. All two tops are on your right and bar on the left as you walk in down the aisle. The back has maybe 4 or 5 tables that could sit more then 4 but not more than 6 people.

Our waiter was super cool and laid back. Any waiter that goes over the menu with you is cool in my book. As recommended, we started out with the gator. It was a seasonal appetizer and we are happy we got to try it. 
It literally looks like a hot pocket but filled with gator meat. It was very good (warm and tasteful). The appetizer was small. Between my husband and I, we had one and a half each. 

As for the entrees, they have a descent sized selection of both raw and cooked meals. We got the platter for two which included shrimp, crab meat, and oysters. 
It was fast and quick service, I think we received the entree after ordering in less then 15 minutes (but it is raw so not too much to do except presentation).
It was all delicious and very fresh, however, it did not fill us up.
So, we continued our venture with their boucherie platter. It says right on the menu its a cajun styled charcouterie board-YUMM. Now that filled us up! It was filled with smoked salmon, tuna, pickled vegetables. It was delicious.

Our bill was pricey but expected from a restaurant that serves fish. 
I would definitely recommend!笑
We went to New Orleans in the beginning of March and we were already craving some oysters again, so we decided to give this place a try for a Saturday brunch. We made a reservation for 12:30, although when we arrived, the place was empty. I was a little hesitant when I saw how empty it was, but eventually around 1:15 more people stopped in.

My boyfriend did the Bloody Mary bar which I was really impressed with. They had loads of toppings and hot sauces to pick from. I got a cocktail with vodka and jalapeno, which was absolutely delicious. It was actually pretty spicy without being too difficult to drink.

We had our waiter choose fresh oysters for us to sample--great recommendations, friendly service and the oysters were awesome. As an entrée, the fried chicken and biscuits were great. The chicken was very flavorful and not too greasy, but I did find the gravy to be very salty. My boyfriend's seafood gumbo was rich and hearty. We got beignets as dessert which were delicious, although hard to compare to Café du Monde's which we just had a few weeks ago!

Overall, it lost a star for me because the menu wasn't very large and the ambiance of the place was strange when there was no one there. We will be going back, but to try dinner next time as opposed to brunch again.笑
I love it here. Seriously. I love the place, I love the food, I love the staff, I love the drinks (except for the hurricane, too sweet). This is a great place to come for happy hour or for dinner. Parking is on the street which can be sometimes annoying but it has not ever been a huge problem. Even on the Yelp app you can make a reservation, which I would say to do just because the place is not huge. I like to sit at the booths in the back but there are spaces at the bar and high top tables. I just prefer a seat that is comfortable and a little more intimate. 

I love Cajun and Creole food. Anything that has a bit of spice and seafood is good in my book. And oysters are my all time favorite. I could eat those little morsels every day of the week.

I came for a tasting party once and then for happy hour. So I am trying to write about both of my experiences with the food. Honestly, they were both great so...its hard not to like the menu, people, service, and ambiance. 

Oysters:
JAMES RIVER: Cherrystone Aqua Farms (Chincoteague, VA). These are my favorite of all of the oysters that I have tried. Not briny at all. Very smooth, plump, and full of flavor. I am not a fan of the briny oysters so this one was a great choice. 

CHARGRILLED OYSTERS: Garlic Butter, Parmesan, Chili Flakes. Yum. A little bit of spice and a little bit of cheese. These went down really well. I thought that maybe the cheese made the oyster a little salty, but overall delish. 

OYSTERS ROCKEFELLER:Greens, Bacon, Parmesan, Absinthe. Really good dish too. The bacon was cut into bigger chunks than I would have liked and because of that it was extra crunchy and more noticeable. I would have liked to have it mix a bit more with the dish, but it was still really good. 

Appetizers:

BLACK TRUFFLE HUSH PUPPIES:Mushroom Duexelle, Black Truffle, Fresh
Herbs, Black Garlic Remoulade. These are AMAZING. Seriously. I cannot talk about how great these were. The taste was so unlike any other hush puppy I had ever had. I would get these all day long. The black garlic remoulade was also something interesting and delicious. 

Main Course:

SEAFOOD GUMBO: Lobster, Shrimp, Crawfish, Oysters,Rice, Andouille Sausage, Okra. Just get this. It was delicious. I loved the mixture of the seafood with the taste of the gumbo. I have never had that much seafood in my gumbo and I am a changed person because of it! Yummy!

PO BOY: Your choice of Fried Shrimp or Oysters, Iceberg, Tomato, Pickle,Chili Mayo. I tried both the fried shrimp and the fried oyster po boy. Both were great. I enjoyed the Oyster one a bit more but that is only because I love oysters. I thought it was fried to perfection and the oysters were still plump and juicy on the inside. 

LOUISIANA LOBSTER ROLL: Maine Lobster & Crawfish, Garlic Butter, Lemon, Split Top Roll. This was awesome. Really, really good. Not a lot of filler in this. I would say that I did add a little bit of the hot sauce to give it more of a kick. But other than that I would get this again for sure. 

Drinks:

DON'T YOU LIE TO ME: Vodka, Green Apple, Lemon, Vanilla Beans. Go straight to this drink. Do not pass it up. I would bathe in this drink if appropriate! It is just so refreshing and great!

Go to Muddy Waters!! Take your family and friends. It is totally worth it! Splurge and go have some fun!笑
This place is really spot on. We went during happy hour and they have oyster deals a swell as $10 off bottles of bubbles. That is my jam. So we did that and it was great. We enjoyed the west coast a little bit more than the east coast but both kicked ass. We shared a lobster roll and it kicked ass. Go to this place and eat and drink. You won't regret笑
This place is great! Stopped here when visiting my mother in Shady Side. Oysters were great & they have an awesome happy hour! $1 east coast oysters & $2 west. Drinks are fantastic & they have a wonderful top shelf selection! I will most definitely be back! The bartenders, servers, & chucker were super cool & fun as well!笑
A 'Monster' find in my 1st trip to Pittsburgh! As a Southern & EastCoast 'seafood guy' I was 'blown away' by the freshness of their fare. Oyster selection was phenomenal and the raw clams may have been the best I've ever eaten. The only thing better than the food was the friendliness of the staff...kudos to Alexandra, Lissa, and the entire staff!笑
This review is a little late. A group of us were able to get a table of 4 to the "almost impossible to get a seat restaurant" Loved the decor and the ambiance they hit the bullseye. Food was ok. Oysters were fresh and good, a little inconsistent in shell fragments, and the food from the menu was a little salty for my taste. I hope to try and get another seat sometime in the future.笑
Great drink menu, great service, and really good oysters. Welcome to the neighborhood!笑
Another great meal. The spicy chicken is, without doubt, the best friend chicken I've had in this lovely city. The bar staff is so attentive and awesome and the Pacific Northwest oysters are the best. The atmosphere is perfect for a great night out.笑
Finally made it to muddy waters.  Service was excellent and the oysters were spot on.  Definitely recommend the cornbread, along with the "I Mississippi  You" drink.  Will need to come back for happy hour and brunch!笑
The grilled oysters and pickled green tomatoes(nestled under my wedge salad) redeemed Pittsburgh eating for me.笑
Service was great. The food is Homemade the oysters are amazing. Good cocktail and beer selection. That's all you need to know.笑
Intimate space, very welcoming, warm and friendly staff, with Great New Orleans inspired food! 

The shrimp po'boy reminded me of one I had back in N.O., plumped well seasoned full of flavor shrimp on toasted bread; wonderful. 

Tip: remember to make a reservation.笑
Always a great experience! Best oysters in the city. The staff are very friendly and accommodating.笑
I've been here several times since my last visit and I really like this place. Came for brunch today and was surprised that they have happy hour Saturday morning! They offer $10 off bubbles!! $1-$2 oysters! This trip along with my oysters I had the hush puppies and wedge salad. The only thing I would change about there menu is to offer more things without pork in it. A lot of their items have bacon or sausage in it that you can't take out. I know I'm in the minority on this but hey, I'm just saying!笑
My wife and I met up with some good Yelp friends here on a Friday afternoon for their Happy Hour.  We arrived around 445 and this place was already packed.  We did have reservations for two but since we added a few more friends last minute we just risked it.  Luckily our friends got there at 430 when they opened and saved some seats for us at the bar.  Next time we will make sure to update our reservations.

     We looked at their Happy Hour menu and first decided on some drinks and then we ordered Oysters.  There were dollar Oysters for their East Coast and two dollars each for their West Coast.  We ordered both which was about 24 all together.   We preferred the East coast oysters more.  We put some tabasco on it and we used their homemade vinaigrette with lemon juice to make the oyster just right.

     It was a great time!  It was a nice warm day out and they had their window open from the street which made it really nice in there.  It was a very nice atmosphere to hang out in.
Like I said it was busy.  The bartenders needed some help I think.  They did a good job but they seemed stressed and needed some more help back there.  We left around 530 and it started to die down a little.  It still was busy but when you stop here be sure to plan ahead and get a reservation!笑
Amazing! This place has been on our list for awhile and it definitely over delivered. The food was even better than described on the menu. Great food. Great drinks. Fun and casual atmosphere and very nice staff. We'll definitely be back!笑
We went for this excellent value happy hour on an unseasonably warm late fall day. We sat outside on stools and enjoyed the movement of the city behind us. Our server was as nice as could be. The Oysters were shucked perfectly. We tried Emerald Cove and they were divine. The house hot sauce was quite tasty. Our other dishes - wedge salad, cheddar grits, duck and sausage gumbo, and traditional lobster roll were all very good. My bottle of Proseco was $10 off and was lovely. We will be back!笑
The drinks and food are very good. Try the Lobster roll and hot chicken. Service is also first rate笑
We ate here for my husband's birthday. He loves oysters! The oysters were great! Nice variety. We also ordered 2 entrees. The blackened salmon and BBQ shrimp and grits. Both were awesome and the presentation was amazing! Highly recommend you try this place!笑
Although my visiting friends and I could not get back for another meal, I want to acknowledge the owner Diana for apologizing for the lengthy wait for a reserved table and offered to make everything right for us. I greatly appreciate her commitment to her customers and am sure they've learned how to ensure their tremendous success does not inconvenience customers. Thank you so much, Muddy Waters!笑
My friends and I went there for happy hour. Oysters very fresh and tasty (good price also!)笑
You either like oysters or you don't like oysters.  And i really think that a restaurant can't really ruin oysters.  So this review might be a little dry

I went to Muddy Waters for oysters (it is an oyster bar!!).  They have a happy hour that starts at 4:30 (when they open) where oysters are $1 or $2.  You have to get at least 12.  Along with the oysters, we ordered the jalapeno hush puppies.  They were great.  Hot, right out the fryer with a tasty remoulade.  We also go the fried green tomatoes.  I am not sure what I thought about them.  Maybe it is because tomatoes are out of season or the "salsa, chutney" item had too much vinegar or I think served with the same remoulade **I think** as the hush puppies.   I would definitely go back and try them in season, but on that February night, just not hitting the spot.  

The service was prompt and professional and our server timed our meal perfectly.笑
Cocktails were delicious and food was even better. We had red beans and rice and corn bread and both were fantastic. However, the lack of happy hour discounts on drinks and slow service were unfortunate for such an amazing place to eat!!笑
My husband and I came here on one of those really warm Fridays in back in February (hello global warming) and this place was packed! So, happy I planned a head and got a reservation. Would definitely recommend a reservation as this is a small space. 

Since it was the Friday before Fat Tuesday we went all in with oysters, lobster roll, and their special that night a cajun crawfish boil. My husband, who has been to New Orleans said it was the most authentic food he's had in Pittsburgh. And, while I've never been to the Big Easy, I will say the oysters were the freshest I've ever had this far in-land.  Yeah Muddy Waters is the real deal, but definitely make a reservation. Also, our waiter was super nice and an excellent server. 

Oh, this is not a place for small kids. There's no changing table in the bathroom, a new mom I'm always on the lookout for changing tables.笑
Go for brunch and have the Lobster Eggs Benedict - it's the BEST benedict I have had anywhere. Seriously delicious!

My only complaint is about the high-top seating. I know it helps restaurant maximize space, but it is so uncomfortable.笑
Really only decent. The service is pretty good but prepare to be disappointed in the food if you've ever been to New Orleans. The oysters I assume tasted how oysters should we had some of the east coast varieties on the happy hour menu and they tasted like "ocean" but since it was my first time having oysters I won't make that my key critique. I was however quite disappointed in the seafood gumbo. The price met the size of the plate but the taste hardly touched the Cajun experience I was looking for and I suspect, if you're looking for spice, you'll be sorely disappointed. I will say, however, that there is a pretty good amount of meat and all of it was pretty tasty. My friend had the BBQ shrimp and grits which were also "okay" but be prepared for what "head on shell on" really means, unless you're ready to eat it that way, some prep comes with the meal. Wait staff was reasonably attentive and did a nice job describing the oyster varieties but the overall service experience was nothing special. Depending on your expectations this place really might not be worth the price.笑
I came here once for dinner with a large group and everything was great. I tried oysters for the first time here, so I don't even know what oysters should taste like, but they were good!

Most recently I came here for brunch. It was Easter Sunday, but we came right in and they sat our party of 4 right away. Our server was very friendly and attentive, menu had a lot of nice brunch options for reasonable prices. I got a mimosa and the breakfast biscuit, both were awesome. Bloody Mary bar looks good as well, but avoid the green Bloody Mary mix (so I heard). Definitely will be coming back.笑
Was glad to finally make it over here, as a good oyster isn't always easy to come by in Pittsburgh - although that has slowly been changing. Stopped here during Happy Hour to grab some cocktails on a weekday.

Started with a wonderful old fashioned (not on special) and also had a beer. East coast oysters were in special for $1, west coast for $2. I'm a west coast fan myself and found them to be better, as I usually do. Comes with a simple mignonette and a slice of lemon. Normal prices are $3/$4 respectively, so Happy Hour is a great deal.

We also ordered some hush puppies which were fantastic. Hot, flavorful, and a nice breading.

Bartender was friendly and was more than willing to offer recommendations. Sandwiches sounded great but was saving that for another day as I'll definitely be back.

With oysters on your bill I can see how it can get expensive here real quick if you're drinking, so be wary.笑
A pretty solid 4 stars in my books! Seems like this is one of the more poppin' places in the area, so definitely make a reservation regardless! 

Pro tip 1: HH: M-F 4:30 PM-6:30 PM, Tues 9 PM-11 PM, Sat 11 AM-1 PM // $1 east coast oysters, $2 wet coast oysters! 

Pro tip 2: Sat/Sun brunch, 10:30 AM-3 PM (20 ft long bloody mary jar?!?!?!)

I came with 2 others, and we quickly ordered:
1) Chef's Choice Dozen of East/West Tasting ($36) // Total of 12 oysters. 
+1 I love how fresh it is! 
+1 Cool story: they change their sauces (I think) every so often....they use fresh ingredients so that your drizzle on the oyster is fantastically paired.

2) Seafood Gumbo x2 ($24) // 
+1 OH YESSS. What I've been looking for! It's not your typical red sauce soup base, more of a black bean soup feel. 
+1 TONSA SEAFOOD! OH YASSSSS. Hella worth!
+1 Rice AND french bread?! NOMNOM. Carb overloadddddd.

3) Fried shrimp po boy ($16) //
+1 Fries are yummy! 
+1 Sandwich is really big! Lotsa shrimp, that my friend had to take the other half back.

Overall, great spot for a lunch or definitely an intimate bar experience! It's pretty dark in here though, so you won't get nice photos. But, you'll get some tasty food! Solid spot in PA.笑
I love the food, atmosphere and staff here! Such a unique place that is an asset to Pittsburgh's charm. I highly recommend this place for something different that will become a craving and staple. There is one bartender I always hope is not there because she is awful but the rest of the staff is amazing!笑
First trip here.  Love the setup of the place.   The duck and sausage gumbo was amazing as were the beignets.  I highly recommend both.  Sitting there finishing my meal I thought "this is the kind of place I need to come to more often".笑
Great oysters, great bar and wonderful vibe. On certain nights they have a live jazz trumpet player and I am in heaven!!! 

The food is good but does not compare to the real deal. If you've ever had real cajun food, you will have to reserve judgement. The whole fish is great, the duck gumbo is fabulous. The boudin is just ok. The fried chicken is crazy good! Also, oysters rockafellar, to die for!!! 

After 3 meals here and my 26th birthday party, I think I am going to start passing on the food and focus on cocktails and oysters at the bar.笑
Good food, good drinks, just what was needed.  Seated at the oyster bar and watched the shucking.  
Not a lot I can add with so many other reviews but the place was packed and noisy.  

As to the food, the cup of Duck & Sausage gumbo was good and spicy.  A fair amount of sausage but lacking in duck.  Did get a few tiny pieces of duck and it was tender and tasty.  The gumbo is spicy with a lot of jalapeño peppers.  The Fried Shrimp Po Boy was very good.  Plenty of shrimp that was cooked well, nice and tender.  The topping of chili mayo added a lot of spiciness and some heat.  Enjoyed the pickle too.  Po Boy sandwiches can be so different and this is a pretty good rendition of a Po Boy.  Tasty Cajun Fries came with the Po Boy.笑
Happy Hour Oysters were awesome! I would suggest east coast but that's just my preference! Everything was awesome!笑
This place has a great atmosphere! All of our food was delicious, we shared several small plates. Definitely recommend the hush puppies, corn bread, pierogies & fried green tomatoes! Great happy hour!笑
I really dig Muddy Waters! I don't think of Pittsburgh as a destination for fresh seafood, but Muddy Waters is excellent. I am a fan of Blue Point Oysters, and during happy hour they are only $1! They also have a drink special I believe - we typically will get some champagne to enjoy with our oysters as well. 

I love going with a small group, because I get to try everything! I love their cornbread and fried green tomatoes as apps. I like the po boy and lobster roll, but my favorite thing to get is whatever fresh fish special they have that day.

I keep coming back here because the food is fresh and delicious, the atmosphere is cool, and the servers are kind and knowledgeable.笑
Excellent po boy shrimp and friendly staff with laid. Ack cool oyster bar.  Quality better than good restaurant in Fort Lauderdale.  We will be back.笑
Their brunch was so good!!! I love the industrial look of the restaurant. The biscuits and gravy was delicious. I'm not a seafood fan so I can't attest to their oysters. Highly recommend!笑
Went here for lunch after a bad oyster experience downtown and was very pleased to find good fresh oysters in Pittsburgh! We got to sit outside in their restaurant front bar. No alcohol allowed outside yet but they are working on getting a license. Full bar it seemed otherwise. They have a dinner menu which they serve during lunch, a brunch menu for weekends, and a raw bar/shellfish menu.

Shared the east/west coast raw oyster chef sampler ($36 for 12), which had 6 oysters from VA, 3 from MD, and 3 from British Columbia. They were all delicious and fresh. The menu seems to change every day based on what they get shipped in. Unfortunately I can't splurge like this every day, but they have happy hour 4:30-6:30 M-F with $1 east coast oysters and $2 west coast oysters, so I can't wait to return for that.

Also got the chargrilled oysters (5 for $15), rich, delicious and garlicky. I personally prefer the raw oysters but these were well done. We also had a side of Cajun fries ($4) which were great. 

The only reason I'm not giving 5 stars is the service was super nice and friendly, but slow. In particular the kitchen, think we waited 45 minutes between getting our raw oysters and our hot food. Understandable as they just opened, and got a bunch of togo orders while we were sitting there. I'll be returning for sure and will upgrade to 5 stars as their kitchen fine tunes!笑
Really love the oysters, but haven't been blown away from anything else on the menu.... service was great and the atmosphere is warm and cozy.笑
Listen people. Rèal is real. He's attentive and professional. The drinks and food are impeccable. Come. Try. LOVE笑
This is the best place I've ever been to for brunch! Delicious menu and the Bloody Mary bar is fantastic! We will definitely be back! This place is for sure a hidden gem. I got the shrimp po boy and it was absolutely delicious. I recommend getting reservations. I'm not sure if we would have gotten seated without them.笑
This was our first visit and we were absolutely more than satisfied !! Food was amazing, fun atmosphere and excellent service. We had fried green tomatoes, oyster poboy and the daily special of soft shell crabs , grilled clams, crawfish and salmon andouille sausage.   Cant wait to go back !笑
new favorite restaurant in pittsburgh.  menu is unique to pittsburgh and im so glad cause no where else can you get new orleans style chargrilled oysters!!  great flavors and service!  get there early or make reservations.笑
Muddy Waters was great. We ordered the raw bar sampler to start, 4 oysters with crab and shrimp cocktail. Very good.

I ordered the fried chicken sandwich, the "hot" version. It wasn't too spicy, just right. It's the typical Nashville hot chicken style, which is kind of oily.

My wife got the strawberry pecan salad and enjoyed it as well. We were there during "brunch" and didn't do the bloody mary bar, but it looked really good.笑
To be honest, I came for the happy hour and don't remember much after the first bottle of $18 prosecco went down. There were happy hour oysters and and a charcuterie plate that were good. I also drunk ordered something fried about halfway down the second bottle of prosecco and felt gross afterwards so I ordered a salad which does nothing when you're that far into alcohol land. I remember enjoying myself so I guess that's all that really matters.笑
I'm kind of in love with this place. The crush was easily formed when they serve delish oysters. The happy hour specials are fantastic! $1 oysters and $10 off Bubbly- I can't think of a better way to spend the night!

The service is pretty great too. Our waiter was way into oysters and was crazy attentive. 

My second visit was just as great as my first! I will be going again!笑
Good stuff, came here to celebrate my cousin taking the boards. We caught the end of happy hour - Half priced bottles of champagne, dollar oysters, and also a deal on crawfish boil. Good stuff, would definitely recommend their happy hour... Mon - Fri 4:30 - 6:30.笑
This is one of the grossest meals I have ever had. Not one but 2 of my oysters had blond hairs on them and I have short black hair. When I spoke to the waiter he told me he'd speak to the manager but nothing came of it. I closed my bill and left and do not recommend that anyone eats here.笑
We visited Muddy Waters on a rainy and slow Monday evening at 8:30pm, so the place was only about 1/5th full. They had some cool Austin City Limits type music on the sound system, but two nights a week they do have live music in house for a two hour session.

My husband ordered a Jack's hard cider to drink, while I ordered an apple flavored drink named 'Don't you lie to me.' Both drinks were light and refreshing. We started with the cornbread which came with apple flavored butterjam. The two together were a burst of flavors and were delicious.

My husband ordered the hush puppies that were perfectly cooked, light and flavorful, while I ordered the chargrilled oysters. The oysters were more flavorful as they cooled down just a bit. I ordered an iceberg wedge, but did not care for their version of it.

For entrees, my husband got red beans, sausage and rice and I had the lobster roll with Cajun fries. It was the first time I've ever had lobster so I wish there wasn't any crawfish in there to muddle the flavor. The taste was mellow and pleasant and I got practically the entire thing to go since we were both stuffed.

The server was very professional and accommodating. All the employees were very nice. I would definitely like to visit again.笑
It's kind of hard to find oysters in Pittsburgh. In fact, this was my first time enjoying oysters in Pittsburgh and I had a very good experience. Made a reservation for happy hour (4:30pm to 6:30pm) on a Monday, which turned out to be completely unnecessary because there was tons of space when we went at around 5pm. Boyfriend and I ordered a dozen East Coast oysters and half a dozen West Coast oysters (and another dozen East Coast oysters for round two...because never enough oysters!). Both were fresh and satisfying. We also got the lobster roll and cajun fries. The lobster roll was a bit smaller than expected but not bad. The fries were good and very seasoned. Glad there's a place like Muddy Waters in Pittsburgh!

Taste | 4.5
Atmosphere | 5
Presentation | 4.5
Service | 4
OVERALL | 4.5笑
Happy hour here is amazing. Great prices, fantastic oysters, good drinks.笑
I am a native New Orleanian and enjoy the convenience of a taste of home.  I was very disappointed when I called into place an order because I was short on time. Was told 15-20 mins. Arrived, paid in advance while I was awaiting and finally had to ask for someone to please check on my order 40 total minutes later only to receive a bag of fries drenched in grease and my poboy sandwich completely cold with soggy shrimp. Not to mention it was a $17 sandwich. And....I had already tipped in advance 20%.  Try a little southern hospitality....it will go far.笑
Spending a lot of time in New Orleans, the food is here is absolutely authentic and so so good. Couldn't love the gumbo more than if I had ordered it in New Orleans. Everything we ordered was delicious. I ordered the whiskey drink and it was really good although not as strong as I would have liked. Our service was perfect as well. My only complaint was that I wish the music was louder to add to a more lively vibe. Will certainly be returning again and again.笑
I finally made it over the weekend to Muddy Waters for a wonderful brunch!

We were greeted immediately when walking in the door and seated right away with our reservation. 

The morning was off to a perfect start after trying the cocktail special for the day: Floral Gin Punch. It had just the right amount of sweetness.. a very unique and successful cocktail.

For my main dish, I ordered the Fried Chicken and Biscuits. Every. bite. was. amazing! The biscuits were fluffy and buttery. The chicken was tender and paired incredibly with the sausage gravy. The finishing touch were the house pickles -- YUM!

I also had a bite of the other two entrees that were ordered by my family: Banana Foster French Toast & Seafood Gumbo. Both were just as delicious as my own dish.

I will definitely be back for brunch asap and look forward to trying dinner as well!笑
Stopped in recently for a friends birthday (maybe her 25th?), what a good friend I am, right?  Really liked the ambience as soon as I entered.  Quaint and comfy, yet still a modern feel.

Let's start with the service.  The people working here are stellar!!  Super friendly, engaging, willing to answer questions and just humor me at times.  Seriously, they are fantastic.

They have a great happy hour with discounts on food and beverages.  $10 off bottles and I believe $20 off Champagne (sign me up!).  Also beer and other specials on drinks.  The bar is fully stocked, but the focus is more on your whisky (whiskey).  A great list of specialty drinks lines the menu and the bartenders are easily able to deviate from that list and make the drink you want.  

They have a pretty solid food menu with the focus being on seafood.  Oysters are the big seller here and what they are known for.  We decided to have the cornbread and some friend gator bites.  I think the cornbread was some of the tastiest I have ever had, except for maybe a visit to an establishment in New Orleans.  So delicious.  The gator bites are good as well, nice crunch and not overly chewy.

This is definitely a nice addition to East Liberty and a place I will likely visit again.  Give it a shot, you will not be disappointed!笑
Love this place.  Everything about it.  The ambience, the food, knowledgeable and competent wait staff.  If I was independently wealthy I'd just camp out in the restaurant and write the great american novel while drinking prosecco and slurping oysters.  But I'm not.  So I just come here every couple months.  You're going to have to wait about 15 years for that novel at this point.

I always get the sampler...east coast/west coast.  Great date venue if your date is fun.  Not as great if your date is a dud.  Dump the dud, get a fun date and come back.笑
My boyfriend was in the mood for oysters about a month ago and I totally forgot that he had never been here. He is from FL and loves seafood. Its hard to find fresh tasting seafood and oysters, but muddy waters does it well. 

We sat at the oyster bar and ordered oysters. 12 to start. I enjoyed them but wanted something different. I ordered the alligator po boy while my boyfriend ordered 100 more plates of oysters and chatted away with the guy shucking them. 

I enjoyed the alligator po boy, but I didn't care for the season on it (too salty)

$170 later (IN OYSTERS.. my boyfriend is a tiny guy but he cant EAT) we were on our way. After chatting away with the oyster shucker and waiter, we were invited to their superbowl party. (how cool)

Still love this place! The guy shucking oysters explained they are brought in daily on a plane... now that is FRESH!笑
Everything we had was delicious - especially the truffle hush puppies. Really good happy hour - especially if you like oysters. We had both east coast and west coast oysters. East were larger than west, and the west were a bit sweeter. Both were yummy. Excited to have a good raw bar in the burgh!笑
I went here yesterday with my aunt I never ate oysters before but the atmosphere of this place made me want to go here. So because I never ate oysters before they gave me one to try but I couldn't bring myself to eat it raw it just looked to weird for me. I did however order the chargrilled oysters which were really good. For my entree I ordered the burger which was delicious. My aunt got the lobster roll which looked so good they put a generous amount of lobster on it. We also got the fried doughnut things for dessert I Know thats not what they are called but I forget the name for them. Everything was delicious and the service was excellent. I would definitely like to come back here.笑
A friend made a reservation for four of us last night. I was the first to arrive for my party, was greeted kindly by the hostess and was seated in a booth in the back right away. Muddy Waters was busy on a Sunday evening but wasn't loud. Everyone at the table was happy with their orders. I ordered the po boy sandwich and got half shrimp and half oysters - one half was all shrimp and the other was all oysters. The po boy was tasty though could have used more kick and the order came with fries which were seasoned well though some were soft. My friends really loved their orders: gumbo, bbq shrimp grits and fried green tomatoes. Food seemed to come out a little slower than we had wanted however our waiter was kind and checked in on us periodically. I am so happy there is an oyster bar finally in Pittsburgh and Muddy Waters is priced reasonably that I will be back again. One thing we had thought of was that Muddy Waters should team up with the other businesses for valet as there is only street parking and nearby garages.笑
Came here around 5 to get in on oyster happy hour specials on a weekday. This was part 2 of a quest for good seafood. 


AMBIENCE A-
Simple decor and small tables. It felt intimate, but not stifling. Clean counters and a small open seafood bar area. Nothing to write home about, but in my mind that's a good thing. 

SERVICE B+
The guy was nice. He ended up carding (and then apologizing) my friend who is well past 21. Which was funny. But as the night progressed I started getting slightly more uncomfortable with each interaction with him. Maybe he was just really awkward, but he stopped looking at me and at one point directed all questions to my (male) friend. I thought I was imagining things until we left and my friend mentioned how awkward it was for him as well that I kept getting ignored. 'It seemed like a lifelong back of house guy really wanted to wait tables and is just not doing so hot yet.' Hopefully he's getting better at it!

DRINKS B
Since I'm predictable I had the French 75. It was the flavor of a limocello. Cool it with the lemon juice! 

APPETIZER A
We went at such an early hour just to have $1 east coast and $2 west coasts. We had a few happy hour priced oysters and then branched out from there. The selection was ok. Was surprised that there were none from Long Island, but they were all quite fresh. They came with a mignonette​ sauce, so don't expect cocktail sauce!

MAIN COURSE A-
I ended up having a bowl of gator gumbo and the sausage and pierogi plate. The gumbo was pretty good, but needed a bit more salt. The sausage and pierogi were fine. My friend got the gator po boy. I lost him for a few minutes while he inhaled it. It was apparently very good. His came with Cajun fries which tasted great but weren't very well-cooked. 

DESSERT
I ate too many oysters. I can't remember if there was a dessert menu. 

Will be returning again for oysters. And if I can convince a few more friends to come, a seafood tower.笑
I really like this place! The oysters were great, the cocktail and bubbles selection lots of fun, service friendly and attentive. Loved the fried green tomatoes - thought the lobster roll, although tasty, was more crawfish than anything, would have liked to have more lobster. Creamed collards were not what I expected (spicier) but still intriguing. The Po Boy's fried oysters were on point! Pecan pie was forgettable and not worth finishing, but eh, no harm there. It's loud, so don't go expecting romance, but I will be back!笑
Chargrilled oysters were awesome. Been here a bunch of times and got lobster rolls and they were always great, we got two last night and they were dry and full of large shells. First time I've not liked something from muddy waters笑
It has pissed me off since moving here 3 years ago that we didn't have a true oyster bar. A casual joint with fresh raw oysters from both coasts. My dreams have finally been made a reality!

I love this place. Love it. From the awesome happy hour prices on oysters to the fabulous selection of champagne to the bomb ass hot sauce and southern cuisine. The staff was dope too; the guy shocking oysters was smiling the entire time I was there. I plan to basically live here from now on.笑
My fiancée and I went here because she loves oysters more than anything. Me?  Not so much. I reviewed the menu before we made our reservations just to make sure that I would want something. I saw wonderful photos of heir food on here and on Instagram and figured I would find something good. We made reservations for 8pm on a Saturday night.  The place is a lot smaller than you would expect. A LOT smaller. It's a very narrow inside. No matter where you sit there are other patrons and employees right on top of you. We got seated at a high top table on the right hand side of the restaurant. The table was extremely wobbly which made it difficult to feel comfortable having a drink at the table. 

The server was very friendly and knowledgeable about the menu. My fiancée ordered the big oyster sampler place which she housed like the oyster champ that she is. She also had a side of mac and cheese which she absolutely hated. I had the jumbo which I loved. The taste was awesome but the portion was very small compared to the price that I paid for it. The server didn't come around that much and didn't seem interested in coming back to check on things after the food was served. 

We found this place to be completely overpriced and not worth it.  Since it's hard to find a good oyster spot in PGH we gave it a chance. We won't be