I finally had the opportunity to visit the infamous Ferris Steak House, on one of the busiest days of the year, and I had an all-around great meal!  We arrived with another couple a bit early, and were seated right away.  The wait-staff had there hands full with each individual party but worked well together, my glass was never empty!  Great wine selection to boot!
Im not much of a steakhouse man, but the "Valentines Day Special" was 4 courses of heaven.  The steak was a 6 oz fillet mignon cooked to perfection, the way I ordered it, with two delicious scampi. As I finished my meal I couldnt help but wonder why it took me so long to try Ferris's.. I will be returning with friends ASAP, I have some serious ground to cover on that menu !笑
Ferris is an upscale steakhouse that has been in operation for something like 60 years (although most of those years was at a different location). They have a pretty large menu, and there's something for everyone. 

The service at Ferris is exceptionally good. The waitstaff is attentive, knowledgeable and very friendly (and genuine). They really do an excellent job. 

Ferris is a classy place. At a recent dinner, we had seats near the fireplace and were entertained by a piano player for the evening. 

Unfortunately, in my experience over the past few years, the food is usually underwhelming for the price. I had a perfectly cooked, tender filet mignon there recently, but otherwise the food (including salads, sides, apps, etc.) is not up to par for the price. 

It's such a nice place, but I have a hard time spending $$$ when I'm getting average food. Classy, with amazing service though.笑
The lack of parking was just the start of a disappointing evening. Very crowded and noisy atmosphere. Service was good and prompt. The bread was bulk rolls cold and tasteless. Salad was good. Steak was chewy and tasted like liquid smoke. My wife's prime rib was tasteless and cold. Wine was expensive. A real disappointment for the price. Would not come back.笑
TED   Long time Open table member and hate to write reviews but I am compelled to write this one. Don't want to write long detailed review so here is short version since I have a life. Spent 1 1/2 hours in this restaurant tonight and never received an OUNCE of food. Watched wife eat her salad, then slowly eat Ribeye steak so she could eat with me while they "lost my order in the computer". Waitress finally stopped by 10 minutes later to see that my food was not delivered. Apologized (everyone makes a mistake) and indicated my burger would be delivered right away with no charge. 25 minutes later still no food. At his point while watching 10 plus orders leave the kitchen I asked for my check and told them to keep the food. They did comp my wife's order and our drinks only after waitress alerted owner who NEVER came over to apologize. He is a putz. This is most disappointing of all. 30 plus year occasional (4 times a year) customer of Ferris....never again. Glad you spent all that money to move from a lousy location to a nice one so you could not serve your clients笑
Went back to Ferris for Valentine's Day dinner. As usual, the service was great and my steak was flavorful and delicious. 

Even though it was a very busy night, being Valentine's Day, neither the service or the food suffered. Also, the piano music in the dining room is at a great sound level and not too loud.笑
Third generation family owned Steakhouse opening in 1940. Party of Four.Friendly and very knowledgable staff.  Fresh local food ingredients. Steaks and fish entrees flavorful and cooked to perfection. All side dishes and salad on par with our entrees. Steaks and chop offerings exceed other local Steak restaurants both in quality and flavor. Our Calamari appetizer was tender ,cooked to perfection.笑
First time here. Service was good but food was terrible. Very disappointing especially taking into account the price. The pan-seared Cacciatore style calamari appetizer was "fishy" and not worth the price of $11. Our steaks were not prepared as ordered and the Prime Rib was very chewy. Would not recommend this place.笑
We had reservations for Valentines Day. Free valet parking which was nice. Otherwise, I am not sure where the heck we would have parked. Lot is small and was full. This is one thing that drives me crazy about restaurants....when you buy a restaurant, dont you want adequate parking for your guests? The valet was fine but if you didnt want to valet I dont know what you would have done or put your car(Heck no clue where they parked ours). 

We were sitted a few minutes early for our reservation which was nice. Only complaint is you were on top of your guest literally. Not much room to work with. Our server was attentive and very good. On to the food...... I know this might sound weird but the salad that our entrees came with I thought was WAY too big.  It seriously was more like a meal(Note to Ferris: smaller salad and I may have ordered dessert) My boyfriend ordered prime rib and said it was good but not great. My steak, however, was awesome. Cooked to perfection. 

Overall a good experience. Its not something you could afford to do frequently but its nice for special occasions.笑
First time there last night and had  a wonderful date night! The service was excellent, waiter was very informative especially for my indecisive self. Loved the patio and how open it is, plus comfortable seating arrangements. Food was amazing, especially the hummus appetizer and lettuce wraps. Not the best filet I've ever had, but delicious. The shrimp scampi was also a hit! Definitely will return again to try the inside seating once winter arrives.笑
There are a lot of upscale steak houses on the west side of CLE and into downtown. This was one we had not tried. I don't regret it, but it was nothing special. Good service, nice atmosphere (although we were one of two couples in the main restaurant section at 7pm on a Saturday evening, which was a little troubling) and the food was decent. Calamari appetizer was a bit underwhelming (rings only) and was only saved by the thai dipping sauce which I could use a bottle of at home. The caesar salad was delicious but small. My wife had the 6 ounce filet with baked potato and said it was good and I had the 10 oz blackened bacon wrapped bleu filet. My steak came out not blackened, no bacon and no bleu. The waitress immediately took it back, but meanwhile my wife is waiting for me to eat and her steak is cold. Wished they would have taken hers back too and threw it on the grill for another minute while mine was fixed. Brought mine back out and it was not blackened and the bacon fell right off. The bleu cheese wasn't even melted. It was decent, but nothing exciting. Talked to the owner and he was very friendly as was our server. Overall, decent but for a $40 steak I will try probably go somewhere else笑
I went to Ferris Steak House with a friend some months ago.  We both ordered ribeyes.  The steaks were extremely disappointing, both in flavor and how they were cooked.  The flavor was pretty much non-existent, and it tasted as if they meat was cooked on a grill that was not properly heated.  Because my friend and I met to discuss a serious subject, I did not complain about the quality to the wait staff or anyone in the place.  It seemed inappropriate to discuss food during our conversation.  In any case, I do not intend to go to this place again, which is sad as I used to go to Ferris regularly when they were located on Detroit Road in Cleveland, Oh.  Sad, sad, sad.笑
The new Ferris Steak House opened in Rocky River.  I had not been to the old restaurant in quite some time so excited about trying again.  The food was very good, steak one of the best I have had.  The side of broccoli was perfectly cooked so no complaints about food.  And, our server was awesome so no complaints about that either.  What the four of us dining did not like is that they have big screen TVs hanging over the bar and no tablecloths.  If I am paying $30+ for a steak, I do not want to feel like I am dining in a sports bar and I think linen tablecloths is not that much to ask when paying this price.笑
Nice atmosphere and above average service.  Food was good but nothing to rave about.  The biggest downside is the high prices.笑
We were going to the Ferris Steak House for a long time and always ordering the prime rib flatbread pizza. It is an excellent and unique version of flatbread with prime rib. But then we discovered the prime rib sliders! Now, it is a tossup between the flatbread and the sliders, but each have become a fetish to contemplate, to anticipate, and to enjoy!笑
Our party of four decided this is definitely a  place you'd want to go for a celebration because it's on the pricey side.  The steaks we had were good.  I was a little disappointed in my filet as it arrived too rare.  When it was returned, the inside was perfect but it no longer looked good... like it was charred but without the char-like flavor.  Our table mate ordered the prime rib.  Texture was nice but it lacked a good prime rib flavor... I have tasted better.  Salad, mushrooms, bernaise were all lovely, as was the Creme brûlée.  For those who enjoy a good cup of coffee after dinner, you won't find it here.  We waited quite awhile for our bill.  While the staff, for the most part were pleasant, we were surprised that they were in jeans.  All in all, an expensive ok dinner.

To update:  I was asked to send an email, which I did immediately.  It's been almost 7 months and I've heard nothing.  We won't be back.笑
One of my favorites!!  The food is remarkable.  I took my oldest son and his better half there.  We had a great time and very reasonable. I don't dare ask my son where he wants to go to eat.
All he talks about is going to Ferris's.  We'll be going there once again when he comes over. Ferris's is five star and more.笑
First time experience. Had a nice dinner with pleasant service, relaxing atmosphere and good food. Would recommended and definitely will visit again.笑
This place is great. I remember going with my father to the original spot on Detroit Ave. from as far back as I can remember. It was our special place to celebrate different  milestones. 

I now visit the new location to celebrate special life moments. Nothing beats a great steak, friends and some good scotch. Ferris is the place you go to when you want to impress your date or relax with friends in an upscale yet comfortable atmosphere. 

This place is my little secret and now I'm sharing it with you, my fellow yelpers. Check it out, believe me - you'll thank me later.笑
Our experience at 5:00 pm was good, but after reading reviews, it's obvious it's hit or miss at this restaurant. I'm not so sure I'd bring friends back here. Our drinks were good; the French onion soup was yummy, the bruchetta only so-so. Husband's ribs were tasty, but could have been more tender. Mashed potatoes were bland. Service was good, but the place wasn't crowded at this time.笑
Awesome steak and great service. The "weekends only" prime rib king cut (16oz) was the best I have ever had. Service was fast and staff was professional. Kid friendly but I wouldn't recommend children under 5. I brought my 2 year old and it was hard to keep her attention because there was nothing for her to do.  I will definitely go there during happy hour.  I think Lisa the waitress said there are 2 happy hours a day, one in the evening and another late night.  The bar was very nice and I will be visiting the bar and having dinner soon.笑
The happy hour at Ferris is amazing. They've got friendly, talented bartenders, and the $5 specials hit the spot after a long day at the office. I'm always happy to grab a seat at the bar with a few friends!笑
We went for our second time last evening. This was a birthday celebration. Our first experience was great--wonderful food and service. Last night the food was not as good. There were six of us. Two of our filets looked like they had been baked. They certainly were not grilled. I had béarnaise sauce with mine, so it really did not make much difference. Without the sauce, the steak would have been very bland. I ordered the surf and turf (filet and scampi). One scampi was very mushy.  I did send it back and our server asked if I wanted another one, but by that time I had had enough--that scampi should not have left the kitchen. I would suggest better quality control. Also the lettuce wrap appetizers consisted of very bland chicken. The scallop appetizer was excellent though. The crab cakes were not bad.  Don's Lighthouse has much better crab cakes.

We might try it once more. Maybe when the weather warms up we will try the patio for appetizers and drinks. I am not sure if I would go again for a special occasion.  At this time, I am hesitant to recommend the restaurant笑
Went to the new location for Ferris last night. It's in the building that used to house the Rockliffe. The remodel is beautiful. We did have a slight issue in that they wanted to seat us (party of two) at the table that is nearest the kitchen/back door. Terrible place for a table. When I expressed a desire to sit elsewhere, they accommodated us. The waitress was very good. She took care of our needs, but was not intrusive. The food was really very good. I had the Filet Mignon with steak fries, and a salad beforehand. The house dressing is excellent, and I love that they brought it on the side. Wine list is decent, and the dessert list is adequate. I've had superior food elsewhere, but I have nothing bad to say about this place. I'd definitely go again.笑
Went with a party of 8 with reservations made a day earlier.  They make you wait for the entire party to arrive before seating, which isn't that great when you have a baby/child with you.  Was seated at a table for 4 with chairs at the ends that could squeeze 6.  We should have known better and left then, but it was prime time Saturday night. The dining area was very cramped and tight.   Parking was similar, as they could use a few more spaces.  

We ordered drinks, but made some mistakes.  Drinks that were never served showed up on the bill (our server disappeared for an extended period of times and we never pushed it).  

Took an hour to take our order and bring bread, but were stuck since drinks came.  Our server would disappear for 20 minutes at a time.  
The bread was the out of the bag variety as was the salad.  Don't expect house made stuff.  The croutons were stale with no crunch.  

When the food came it wasn't bad, but not good either.  One of the orders was wrong (had asked for no cheese/onions) but they half took care of (removed cheese but not onions).  You can get the same quality from Long Horn and save some money.  I was hoping to compare with Strip in Avon Ohio, but no where even close.  I got the blue cheese bacon wrapped Sirloin which was good, but not great.  Again, you'll get easily the same quality from Long Horn.  

The server made an acceptable effort but was clearly overloaded.  They did provide 3 slices of cake as an apology which boosted our review from 1 to 2 stars.  I understand they recently relocated and reopened but we expected a lot better.  Part of the mistake was ours for not leaving once they sat us at such a small table.  It just kept going downhill from there.笑
This was my second visit here and I am so glad I came back.  They have some great happy hour specials.  $3 select drafts, $6 premium wines and some great $6 appetizers which are all unbeatable.  We shared the Margarita flatbread which is essentially a medium pizza.  You can also get sliders - angus beef or French Dip.  I got the latter and they were mouth watering.  3 huge sliders served with some tasty Au Jus.  Can't wait to return.笑
I wish I would have read the reviews before trying. Dined there  1-9-14 Friday night, pretty busy but we were seated right away. 10 mins before anyone come over and even talked to us, then another 10 to get drinks. I ordered the Crab cake app and it was slightly warm and the tasted like it was frozen then popped into microwave.

 My wife  had Cesar salad which she loved, I had  potato soup which was slightly warm again, it was OK. I ordered the bone in rib-eye and the wife ordered the grilled chicken. I am a steak snob and expect a steak house to impress me and cook something better than i could at home. F@#cking horrible ! chewy tasteless and just plain awful, I have had a better steak at ponderosa. The mushroom risotto was like eating oatmeal, I could not even eat one bite.

 I left two thirds of my steak and all except on bite of the risotto. Wife said chicken was average and loved the redskin potato's. I might go back but after a 120 dollars with tip it might be hard to ...笑
My wife and I went there on a Monday night. Not packed at all. Server took an extremely long time to bring our salads, food and drinks. When our steaks came out, they were average at best for the price we paid. Was happy to see the steakhouse go up in the neighborhood, just a shame that it's not that good.笑
My wife and I met some people for Happy Hour. The bar area where HH is held was pretty full, although we were able to get some space at the bar. The service was very good. While it was busy the bartender did not seemed rushed. She checked when our beverages were low (Fat Tire beer for me, Bullitt rye for my wife) and the French dip sliders were outstanding. Plus the prices for the sliders were $5 for three of them. Truly a great deal.
The clientele does skew older (probably average is 50+) but if you are looking to meet up with friends and have a drink and a bite without blowing too much money this is a good place. Only downside is the limited space in the bar area. Get there early or plan on standing.笑
Great place.  Very busy don't forget to get reservations.  Have a great valet service.  Leah was a gem of a waitress.  Crusted carmel orange martini yummy!  Food was a little slow coming out but if was packed in there.  Had a guy playing piano-mostly Billy Joel songs.  We had a special order steak which was great but my Detroit steak was a little fatty.  Creme brulee was delicious.  The major downfall was it was so dark that we had to use our iphone to see the menu.  But I would like to come again soon.笑
We have been to Ferris many times and it had been good. Tonight was a disaster. We took our 13 year old son out for a good steak. The service was slow as people who sat before us were served ahead of us. Our steaks had to be sent back twice as we watched my wife go on and enjoy her meal.  We had to wait for over an hour for our meals. When I asked to be comped for our two meals, the owner would only comp us off one dinner saying that we "ate the steak". He was not very accommodating. My son got a real lesson in how not to run a business. Needles to say, we will never be back.笑
*These following reviews are from Easter Sunday of 2014, and 2015*

Very impressed Ferris Steak house. From the service to the food, everything is wonderful. 

First Easter lunch (and time there) was great. The patio is lovely, airy, and comfortable. The pork chops were excellent, as well as the bloody mary bar. 

The second Easter there was even better. We sat inside, in an equally charming area, and I ordered the 6oz Filet with yet another one of their delicious bloody marys. 

So, as you can see, it seems we have adopted a tradition on Easter by going to Ferris', and I can't wait until next year! Besides, I have to look forward to SOMETHING after Easter mass to get me though it...笑
Very expensive sports bar.  Food is just okay.  Too many tacky signs in front and faded tattered flags.笑
I will absolutely return. The best meal I've had I'm a long time. Eric our server was an awesome server. Couldn't ask for better service. The filet was so tender it melted in your mouth. I look forward to returning to try more of the menu. Despite how great the food was the service from Eric made the whole experience笑
Was not a fan of Ferris Steak house! The service was horrible! We sat outside on the patio and waited for our server for 10 min, the when drinks were brought out she didn't ask if we wanted to order food yet... Waiting another 8 min we ordered and waited for our bread which we received but no silverware?!? The another 10 min go by so I had gotten another worker to bring silverware... Then our food came 20 min after that and again our server didn't ask if we wanted another drink or anything else... Finally after asking 3 more times for another beer we received it. We had asked for our check 2 times and thinking wow it must be very busy inside, we went inside to get our check and there was no one sitting inside.  The food was average and my boyfriend said that his steak tasted like a Ponderosa steak.. My scallops were ok but the coffee grounds were a little too overpowering... 
Do not plan on ever going back to this restaurant as it was such a disappointment!!!笑
Just had a great meal an overall wonderful experience at Ferris.  Nice cocktails, excellent food, and perfect service.  My partner had the filet, and I enjoyed the prime rib.  Both servectly exactly as ordered.笑
I love a fine dining restaurant once in a while.  Ferris had an old school reputation. I was surprised to walk in and find big screen tvs surrounding the bar and pop rock music playing.  I didn't want a sports bar experience, but I can overlook some  things if the food is excellent.  At the prices we paid, this should have been the whole package, upper class atmosphere and memorable steak.  

I swear to you our steaks were microwaved.  I can not otherwise explain the flat grey look sans any juices when you cut into it and the blandness.  A steakhouse baked potato is also something to look forward to, but even the potato lacked.  I do not need an elaborate presentation, but the little filet and sad potato on my plate, well, maybe it couldn't be made to look any better but something, anything, parsley or a little veggie.

The wait staff kept asking us if we were okay where we were sitting. I finally asked why was everyone asking us that.  We were seated back away from the views of all the tvs, they thought our party of 4 wanted to watch tv.  

I can not see myself going back when we have had finer experiences for less $$ elsewhere.笑
I had heard about how good this place was, and decided to take my girlfriend their. We ordered steak, the food was good but the waitress we had was not good at all. She completely neglected us, the table was small and we had gotten our salads and had finished them,  the empty bowls sat their for twenty minutes the waitress never came back and when the food came, the person seemed surprised the salad bowls were in the way. When the waitress finally did come back i asked for more bread, she did not bring it untill i was done with my meal. Then before bringing the check asked us if we wanted refills on our drinks as they had been empty for awhile....I must say our steaks were very good too bad about the service.笑
First trip tonight as I am now working on the west side and asked someone where I could enjoy live piano music.  This is right off the freeway near the Hilliard exit.  Nice, safe parking lot.  The hostesses were lively as I entered.  I asked to be seated by the piano and they were happy to let me pick a table in that area.  The pianist was playing and it was just the right volume.  I had perused the menu online before going in because I wanted to make sure I could afford it LOL.  The entrees and steaks are pricey but I saw them coming out and all looked tremendous.  I opted for a wedge salad (love these...and this one was great with fresh roquefort dressing although mine didn't have bacon which was supposed to be on it).  They brought me bread which was ok but nothing special.  If they really want to dazzle guests, I would say that they should have some nice crusty baguette or even ciabatta rolls that they can warm a bit.  I had a 2nd appetizer for my meal because it sounded SO GOOD.  Prime Rib sliders!  Great au jus and creamy horseradish on the side.  The music kept getting better so I wanted to sit and chill a while and listen more.  The place was filling up though at 7pm, so I knew my time at this table for 4 should be limited.  I ordered Mitchell's vanilla bean ice cream.  Perfect ending.  I will be back with the husband or my mother.笑
I should have read the reviews; so I read them today after the dinner last night and marvel at the obvious shill reviews, especially the first two. Really? Two glowingly positive reviews from brand new members one day apart? Wow. 

So, we arrived for our reservation 15 minutes early and they seated us right on time; the valet was nice and professional as well. We were seated in a booth and froze our asses off but we don't make a big deal out of it. The steaks were tasteless but prepared to requested temp. The mashed potatoes were inedible...really, and I've never encountered that before.

I wouldn't be so mad but with the prices one pays here, the food should be WAY better.

Service was good, the ambiance of the place blows. They are trying to merge an 'old-school' steakhouse and sportsbar vibe....and again, for what you pay, I expected less TV's and more skill in the kitchen. 

I have been a restaurant manager in several locations across the country and abroad so I KNOW food and service. Now I know what 'meh' really means.笑
This place is great. Morgan is a great server and Tony is awesome at bartending. The food was great. The house lemon garlic salad dressing is amazing. My brother ordered the Cleveland strip, he said it was amazing. I ordered the special which happened to be a tilapia dish. The portions were so big I had enough for lunch the next day. The interior is very new and clean. Gear experience over all.笑
My boyfriend & I had reservations to come here yesterday for Valentine's Day because we've been having a hankering for some steak & potatoes.

They had free valet parking which was very nice considering how nasty the weather was.

My boyfriend ordered the porterhouse & I ordered the delmonico steaks. Although my steak weren't super tender, it was still juicy & tasty. It didn't need any steak sauce. I ordered mine well done & it were seriously cooked to perfection. The mashed potatoes were delicious too. My guy really enjoyed his steak as well.

Something I liked more than the steak was the caesar we got before our meal! That was probably the best caesar salad I've had. Top that off with a grilled chicken & you got yourself a meal. 

The service was really good. The waitress was attentive & always checked on us. 

I'll be back for sure & I'll definitely will be trying out the other dishes they offer.笑
VERY mixed review. My flat bread (pizza) at a steak house was great and so was my scallop appetizer. My husband's steak was cooked to temp but lacked flavor. Did they forget to s&p it?  He got cold, hard baby carrots (from a bag?) as his side dish and a potato still wrapped in foil, with plastic cups of butter/sour cream. Really?  The prices are too high for this "folksy" vibe.  Read other review that wine prices are high, didn't think they are high but lacked variety. Is wine only made in CA?笑
One of the weakest restaurants in the area. Over priced food all the way around. I would easily spend my money else wear   The burger was terrible and tasteless and not cooked to how I ordered. The lettuce wraps are served with bland chicken breast. On a Friday night this place is pretty vacant.笑
Was looking forward to a good steak, but ended up eating left over pizza. Ordered the 6oz filet. There must have been an oops with the seasoning. I like spicy & salty but this was so salty it was inedible! Others at the table tried it & mentioned it to the server. She was very nice & offered a new steak. Big mistake for me. 20 min later a 2nd steak came out. Seasoning was great. Too bad the steak was raw. I don't mind a rare steak, but this was completely cold & raw. Even though I didn't eat either steak & the sever saw how raw it was I still got charged for the $45 meal. They didn't even offer to pick up dessert or a drink. ...I wasn't looking for a free meat but it sucks paying $75 & ending up with cold pizza! 

Gave them the 2 stars because the sever was pleasant & the Cesar salad was good.笑
We came here for a rehearsal dinner for a wedding and what a nightmare. Took the forever, they "ran out of steak" , waitress had no idea what was going on. Drinks kinda sucked, dessert kinda sucked. So sad cause it could be a cool place. Parking was a really weird situation too. Overall not impressed at all.笑
I'm not a steak lover, but went with a small group.  I thought the filet special with mushrooms was delicious.  They did a nice job on the renovation and if the weather was ever nice here, it would be nice to sit on the patio.  I'd recommend this restaurant.笑
I was looking for a local steakhouse to get a real local flavor rather than going to a chain top notch steakhouse. Found this place on Yelp and went in on a Thursday evening. I glanced thru the menu and there were several choices including pasta dishes too. The steaks were quite expensive for such local restaurant so I decided to go with a special which was a 6oz filet with blue cheese and steak fries. It also came with a salad. I also got dessert which was Creme Brulle after reading that it was great. I ordered a glass of wine and all of that with tip was close to $80! Pretty expensive! The steak wasn't worth the 38 dollars at all. Outback victoria filet tastes better. The creme Brulle wasn't creamy but rather hard and cold. That's a big no no! Won't come back... expensive and it isn't that great for what it is been paid for.笑
Food, atmosphere, and staff were all great. a few of us went last night for my birthday, and some other family went the night before. We all loved it. I think its cool that they brought the seasoned grill from their old location to help maintain their great quality. Try the mashed potatoes as your side, because they are great! Welcome them to their new community by supporting this family business!笑
Food and service was great. Atmosphere was cozy. Love the fireplace and convenient location with great parking with wonderful party room for family gatherings.笑
Had Valentines Day 2014 dinner here.  Filets were great...nice and tender...flavorful.  Service was quick and attentive.  Will be back.笑
Great happy hour. 
Solid little menu and friendly staff make it a favorite for winding down after the work day.笑
I've been here twice, and have had nice experiences. The food was decent, the service was fine. I thought my bacon wrapped tenderloin was quite delicious.笑
I went to ferris steak house for the first time last night with a friend. We wanted to go somewhere new, so I suggested this. I made a reservation and was seated promptly. Service was good but the food fell flat. I gave it three stars only because I enjoyed the French onion soup. They start with the usual bread basket which was stale, in fact my friend wouldn't even eat it after I told her. We both ordered the almond crusted grouper which was tasteless. Honestly I've had way better grouper at the rocky river brewing co! The risotto way way over powered with lemon. My friend got the wedge salad which was an up charge of $4 and I got the French onion which was an up charge of $3. I can see a $3 up charge but $4 is kind of steep to sub in my opinion. Not sure if I'll revisit in the future?笑
We had a party of 45 last night and it was wonderful!!!! The service was outstanding! When I walked in with adjustments to the number of dinners  I was told "no problem "!!!  Very attentive and professional service! My guests raved about the food! I had the chicken Marsala which I plan to go back for!!!!! Loved the venue!!! Can't say enough good things!!!!!!!!笑
they did a lovely job remodeling this old building. beautiful fabrics, colors, etc., but what's with all the big tvs???? a supposed fine dining restaurant with 10 big tvs in a tiny little space!!! facing the bar AND dining room!!!
went to ferris, once before, when it was in cleveland and was totally unimpressed, well, they continue the tradition. it really is a restaurant designed for your grandparents and their bridge friends!!! diningroom & bar all filled with blue hairs. i think that all of our ages at our table, added up was younger than some of the patrons!!! 
menu is typical old school restaurant from the 1970s. nothing truly creative here.
we had the irish style eggrolls with corned beef and sour kraut served with 1000 island dressing and  wasabi mayo (what for????), the lettuce wraps, a shrimp cocktail and bruschetta. all were OK, nothing exciting.....the bruschetta would have been better if they had used ripe tomatoes instead of pink, under ripened ones. 
Entrees come with a salad, with the dressing served on the side in black plastic cups (SO DAMN TACKY!!!) and a choice of side dish. we all, but one, ordered some sort of steak. all were done as ordered but, again, good but nothing great. an order of scallops was the choice of one of my guests. i got an overwhelming smell of ammonia from them and told her try a small piece first, but she said that they were OK, we'll see what happens in a few hours to her........  after dinner we all decided to share one of their self-proclaimed "fabulous" desserts. a GIANT piece of chocolate cake arrived, ICE COLD. it would have been so much better had it been allowed to come to room temp. it was hard to cut with a fork and the flavors were muted because of the chill factor!
the biggest problem here was the service. IT IS LACK-LUSTRE, UNPOLISHED AND UNINFORMED. our server told us that they didn't have drink menus, when we just ordered from one at the bar. we had to constantly ask for silverware, dishes were not cleared, the food runner was auctioning off the food to the table asking who gets what......how diner can you get....no sooner did we drop our pens, after signing the receipt, the server promptly came by and swept them away. that is just so unprofessional.
so, bottom iine, would i eat here again? NO.....would i tell others to go there? NO would i send a bus load of old people from a nursing home there? NO.  i just wouldn't go back. i thought i'd try them out, again, hoping that they improved with the move, but they really are just not that great. i'm sure that a bunch of geriatrics would disagrees, but so what.笑
This has to be my favorite local steak house. Every time I go there I am greeted with great service from a waitstaff that treats you like family. The petite filet mignon was cooked perfectly and the hash browns are some of the best in Cleveland. The Creme Brûlée for dessert is fantastic.笑
Went to this gem last week. I gave them a good review 8 months ago and I stick by that review. It was exceptional. The pork chops are out of this world. The service is always on the ball.笑
I had a pretty good time here... I found the service to be good. Nothing above and beyond but nothing terrible. A few members of my party got the prime rib and found it was too fatty so that had to be sent back. They did have the manager come out and offer to send them home with a different steak which was nice. I found my steak to be a bit overcooked and I had ordered mashed potatoes but got a baked potato on my plate. I chose not to say anything to the wait staff. The steak was still good and I found the shrimp it came with delicious. Overall I had a good time but I am not sure if I would return or not.