Great ice cream cones with a twist! Very good prices and very friendly! Delicious and will be back for sure!笑
Best ice cream place in North Versailles (and probably the best ice cream place I've been to). The prices are great and you really get your money's worth. Their Freeze-Outs are great (their version of a Blizzard). I usually get a children's sized milkshake, since the small is HUGE. The quality of ice cream is much higher than your regular chain ice cream places. Just remember this place is cash only. I highly recommend you go to Arctic Avenue for your ice cream craving.笑
Arctic Avenue is a little ice cream shop in what was the store building for a gas station. The pumps were removed ages ago, and what remains is a wonderful place to go for a delicious ice cream treat!! There's even a cute ice cream one sign out front, so you can't miss it! 

The establishment is cash only- which isn't a problem if you know it up front. 

They have tons of different ice cream products, the usual soft-serve, hot fudge sundaes, and banana splits. If you order a soft serve cone with a topping, expect to find it in the bottom of the cone too! I love having a last bite full of rainbow sprinkles myself :) 

They also have their version of a DQ Blizzard, it's called a "Freeze Out" - which the cookie dough one is delicious, by the way. They come in a multitude of flavours, too! 

I recommend stopping here when you want some tasty ice cream! And I love supporting a small business when I can!笑
If you're looking to get an ice cream then you've found the best right here!! Everything I've had so far is awesome! Plus if you're in the mood for something that's not on the menu board then just ask, if he has the ingredients then he'll do it. One of my favorites is a large sunday with marsh mellow and hot fudge topping with whipped cream and a cherry. If you never tried it then ask for it. I'll never go anywhere else for ice cream!笑
A great little place for all your ice cream needs. My go to treat is usually the chocolate shake but everything else I tried was Tastey! They appear to use Turner Dairy Products so you know the ice cream is a step above what you would find elsewhere in the area.