Great place to eat.  Great corn beef!Ǿ
This is my absolutely favorite breakfast place by far and their Reubens are killer!  The food is excellent and the portions are definitely man size, I never leave hungry!Ǿ
Okay,
Eddy's. The Akron area's only  answer to Jacks Deli and Corky and Lenny's on the east side of cleveland. The food is actually pretty good. The restaurant itself is disgusting. if I were the owner of the place and my space in which customers sat to eat was that dirty I would not even be able to walk into my own restaurant. I go in there and just accidently touch the table with my arm, my arm is sticky. There is mass amounts of dust on the window sills next to the booth and I believe I remember seeing a dead bug as well. Hope he didn't die eating the food. The service is eh. If the owners name is Eddy.
Eddy - your kitchen is probably very clean. Please please please please. Take a mop. A dust rag. Heck a paper towel would be something. You loose what could be a five star rating cause your space is so disgustingly dirty. 
This guy just opened Lyla's down the street from me and its Mediterranean. O how i fear for that place's cleanlinessǾ
This is becoming a favorite of ours. The food is good and fast. We never wait long.cc As others have said the waitresses are friendly and very attentive. The portions are large enough that we always have food to take home.Ǿ
I had high hopes for Eddy's deli. Unfortunately their corned beef hash was almost inedible. There was a bone in it, and it tasted like it came straight from a can. I had a decent reuben from them once, but I would not recommend their breakfast hash. Also, the atmosphere really needs an update. There was a rip in the booth I was sitting in.Ǿ
I wasn't impressed with the inside of the restaurant, but we were able to sit on the patio which was refreshing.  Our server was friendly and efficient.  I had the Falls Favorite, which was a turkey, bacon, swiss on toasted croissant.  It was certainly yummy and worth the price, but I think I could make something comparable at home.  I also happened to get the bottom of the chip bag on my plate, which would have been more devastating had I actually been interested in chips.  In defense of Eddy's, noone in our party ordered the reuben they are famous for, so maybe that would have impressed us more.Ǿ
Very good food with affordable prices! Honestly, I love supporting small family owned businesses. The food is always piping hot and their corned beef is the best I've ever had!! I wouldn't hesitate to recommend!!Ǿ
Serious gnat issue !! While the food is good waving away gnats for the entire meal as well as dead ones on the wall raises questions as to the cleanliness of this place. They seem well aware they have a problem since the response when I mentioned it was simply "I know " ! If you know you have an issue then why not address it ? Maybe someone from the health department should try and eat a meal there and see how gross the gnat issue is !Ǿ
I can't believe I have lived here for so long and it has taken me this long to visit!  The interior is very basic, no frills.  The menu is too large- I, personally think they need to reduce it a little.  When you walk in, they have tons of daily specials, which indcates to me that not all of it is fresh (learned that from Restaurant Impossible).  

When I go, I tend to order the potato pancakes, which are delicious!  Best $4 I ever spent!  I also ordered the beef & latkes, which are potato cakes stuffed with corn beef- so, so, so good!  Their corned beef is the best I have ever had.  The reuben is huge!  If I had someone to share it with, I would get it every time!

My kids like the burgers.  My oldest is vegan and there isn't much she can eat from there.  Their grape leaves left a lot to be desired and their hummos is hit or miss, which isn't made there.  They order it and you never know when it will be available.  The last two times they haven't had it, which is the reason why we haven't been back in a few weeks.

Service has always been pleasant.Ǿ
This place is nasty.  They serve rotten meat for Philly cheese steaks.  I asked them to replace it and got charged for both meals.  Don't waste your time or money.  They even charge .40 to read the newspaper and will just add it to the check without telling you.

Stay awayǾ
If I could pick a word to describe my experience, I would have to go with "Ehhh". Here's a quick rundown. 

The restaurant: We were met by the scent of sewage/rotten eggs when we got inside. Probably should have left then, but decided to stick it out. The restaurant is outdated, there were flies and gnats buzzing around, exposed wires near the check out area, and it was just kind of dirty overall. 

The food: Bland bland bland. My burger had no seasoning at all, and even with it being topped with cheese, bacon, and Dijon mustard it still had next to no flavor. As my boyfriend put it, he had no idea bacon could be flavorless. My only guess is poor quality of food. My boyfriend had a salad and the only thing you could taste was lemon juice. It was edible, but we didn't enjoy anything. 

The service: We were one of 2 tables at the time of our meal. There were 4 waitresses/staff members. Despite this ratio, rather than our waitress checking on us and providing service, she spent the entirety of our meal chatting it up with the table of waitresses at the back of the restaurant. I had asked for a side of ranch prior to getting the food, and never got it and never had the chance to ask for it. Our waitress didn't check on us until we were finished. I'd understand if it was busy, or you were short staffed. But when you're ignoring customers just to chit chat with your coworkers, it's unacceptable. This is your job, not break time. 

I love supporting local places, but this is definitely one that we will not be making a second trip to.Ǿ
Low salt but canned... spotty service but huge portions.

Every day has an all you can eat option... there are ~ 10 specials on the board in the front... and a huge amount of options in every section of the large menu.

Dinner on a Wednesday in lent means all you can eat fish... you can get a potato or pierogies... and salad or soup.

Potato options are epic... baked, mashed, home fries, sweet potato, sweet potato fries, rice pilaf... and a couple more I heard a waitress rattle off to the next table... not sure if the pierogies are on the regular starch list but they were an option with the fish.

Pierogies were not made in house... Mrs T's or some other mass market plain potato variety... smothered in Onions... they were OK... nothing special.

The veggie was canned green beans... love that they weren't salty... but there was no flavor... no bacon... no onion... nothing.

Burger was huge and moist and good with giant slices of tomato... onion rings were a tad greasy, but the onion inside was sweet and not mushy.

Regulars got better refills on drinks and chatter... we were sort of left to hang with no check for a long time.

Will go back for breakfast... something like 6 options for stuffed potato pancakes??? 

There is an outside patio... this was the fist day of spring... and it was snowing... so all the chairs were piled up... looks nice size and worth a try on a warmer day.Ǿ
cozy small-town restaurant. the restaurant itself is a little tarnished, but we always have great service, especially with Brandie and the young lady who busses tables. i would recommend the greek omlette with greek sauce.Ǿ
Impressed!!! We waited a bit for a server to come seat us, we almost left. Boy, am I glad we did not! Thanks to Mark's YELP, I tried the reuben. WOW! It was the biggest reuben I've ever seen and was great!! My wife ate the philly which was also HUGE and AWESOME. They use lean roast beef on their philly, not ribeye. I usually hate philly's because they are too greasy. This one rocked! 

If you're in the neighborhood, check this restaurant out. I don't think you'll be disappointed. It's in an area where you wouldn't expect a restaurant, but stop anyway!!Ǿ
The food here is great. A very good mom and pop type family restaurant. The corned beef delicious.  The portions are huge. We love it there!Ǿ
I love Eddys . Food is great no matter what you order .. Fast and friendly service.

Do your tummys a favor and order the bacon cheddar burger on a pretzel bun.. Your tummy will ty...Ǿ
We order from here often,  as we live around the corner. This place has a homey feel. 

The menu is HUGE! We love the breakfast options.  Sausage gravy and biscuits, Eddy's Slam, and the omelets are our go to choices. My only complaint is that the hash browns could be crispier.
The gyros are awesome, too .
Craving a salad? Get the ranch dressing. They must make it from scratch. It's so good! 
We really love the Countryside, which is an open faced fried veal cutlet sandwich. So good. Always perfectly cooked and juicy. Order extra gravy. It's worth the splurge. 
But the real star of Eddy's is the soup. I'm a huge soup gal.  I eat tons of it when it's cold. I've never had a bad soup there. You know it is made in house because it is always just slighty different. But always great. My favorites are Clam Chowder and Italian Wedding.  The only bad part is they are each only available one day each week. 
They also have an online ordering option, which is nice. But if you want to make any substitutions or modifications to an order, you can't with the online ordering.Ǿ
Good place for breakfast.  Very reasonably priced.  Large portions.  The corned beef sandwich was piled high. I have had the fried chicken here and it was very good.Ǿ
I love this place. Food pot
Rations have gotten bigger and quality continues to go up. Prices are phenomenal. Lots of regulars here and the waitresses are so friendly. When we come back to visit (I used to live here but moved) we ALWAYS come here at least once. 
I'm a 40 yr old mom with gluten and dairy allergies. The cook is always accommodating. Can't go wrong coming here!!!Ǿ
I have been to Eddy's several times with my parents and the food is very good.  The restaurant itself isn't fancy and the service can be somewhat slow.  Their crab salad sandwich stood out to me and their breakfast options are always a hit!Ǿ
Warning....  DO NOT order online.

Eddy's food is always excellent and a good value for the price.    Nothing but praise for the food.

Don't make the mistake we did  by placing our order online.   You will be redirected to http://www.eddysdelionline.com/, which is zuppler.com in disguise.   It  will happily take your order, and then hit you with a 15% markup for the privilege of ordering via the web.

Call your order in via the phone, and avoid being ripped off to the tune of a 15% surcharge.  

The staff at Eddy's said there is nothing they can do about the surcharge, but there is...  They can tell zuppler..com  that they don't need an on line ordering option as it just caused them to lose a regular customer.Ǿ
I may just have to try this one. But I can say if its like the one in stow I'll be disappointed. The stow store has horrible service. Food is  basic nothing stands out other the portion size. I can deal with basic edible food but when service sucks I'll spend my hard earn money somewhere else. Just to note I gave them 3 tries before I quit going there.Ǿ
My family and I have been eating here most of my life and will continue to do so. The laid back atmosphere and classic meals are what keeps bringing us back.  I especially love the HUUUUGE salads which could easily feed 4 people, and the yummy appetizers like Hummous and Grape Leaves.

The prices are so good, I am not sure how they can stay in business, but I am glad they do.  The breakfast menu is equally large and affordable with Crepes, omelettes, or corn beef hash to name just a few.

All in all, one of the best places in the county to eat large, delicious meals, with no stuffy waiters or high tabs at the end.Ǿ
Very disappointed, first off we just moved to the area and wanted to find a good place to eat that is in walking distance. This was the closest restaurant to our house so we were very excited to check it out. That drastically changed when we walked into an out dated, foul smelling dining room. As soon as we walked in the one server looked at us and continued to do other work on the computer rather than at least acknowledge we were there. Then when she did finally look up all she said was "sit where ever". The biggest draw in my eyes for the restaurant was the patio. When I asked if we could sit out there she let out a big sigh and told us that since it was only her and one other waitress that she didn't want to be walking back and forth (mind you there are 6 other people in the entire place). So I politely said thank you but we will find somewhere else and rather then suck it up and make the 10 foot walk for us to sit at the patio she said bye and we left. Terrible service, would never go back or recommend this place to anyoneǾ
Great little find in cuyahoga falls! It is a "greasy spoon" kind of place with a huge menu and breakfast served all day. They could seriously cut the menu in half and cut the daily specials to like 3-4 or something. Deli sandwiches were huge (had a second meal in leftovers). Prices were reasonable and service friendly. Don't go looking for fancy... go for good quick large portions. Would have added a star if the place felt cleaner... as long as you know you are heading in to a little neighborhood greasy spoon style place you won't be disappointed.