If you have driven by this burger king and never noticed it, you are not alone. It is located in a super congested area with many stores right next to thrift shop. And they have a special right now that was only supposed to last for 1 weekend are you buy 1 whopper and get 1 free. Jema took my order and she was extremely sweet and pleasant. It was very nice of her to take the time to understand the order because the last time I went to Burger King what is a very unpleasant experience. Mind you, I haven't been to burger king in at least 6 years or more, so this is a very important trip.


Yeah, but my order still wasn't exactly right. So much for the " have it your way"  mantra. I suppose it has changed to "you'll eat at I give you"Ǿ
Drive through lady? Shit attitude. Will NOT be coming back to this Burger King if I even ever eat at Burger King again. Wouldn't even let me use my coupon because she "didn't feel like re- putting in my order" for a 5-piece French toast when I was the ONLY ONE in the drive through and nobody was in the restaurant. yeah no. If I wasn't in a pinch for time, I would have just gone somewhere else.Ǿ
Really? You have a wet floor sign blocking drive thru? And a handwritten sign on the door? Your closes at 330pm on a damn Friday?! Idiots must run this location!!!Ǿ
The food is okay but the service is horrible. I'm pretty sure the women taking my order rolled her eyes a few time .Ǿ
Very bad customer service, especially at the drive thru. The server: Roshay, was not friendly at all, has no sense of courtesy (no smiles or thank you's) and does not seem like she is enjoying her job. Along with her negative tone, I asked for ranch and napkins but she immediately closed the window and acted like she didn't hear me when I knew my voice was loud enough for her to hear. When I did get her attention 20 secs later to ask for ranch and napkins, in a very bad tone, Roshay explained and charged me an extra $0.27 cents. Because it's lunch time and I was very hungry, I took out my credit card, and paid $0.27 for one piece of ranch. This is the very very first time I've been charged for ranch and this is the very very first time I've gone through a drive thru without the server saying anything before I pressed the gas pedal, just silence. Very negative vibe. I understand that it may be very busy during lunch, but getting a negative vibe before eating should not happen to anyone, it makes the food taste bad and you lose most of your appetite.Ǿ
I went yesterday and the lady at the drive thru was really nice. She kept her cool even after I got a little rude because I thought she wasn't listening. She continued to smile and gave us everything we needed. I usually have too ask for condiments but not thus time, she was on top of everything. I wish I would've got her name so that I could give her a shout out.Ǿ
Rude lady in drive thru my girl ordered to drinks one coke zero and one coke girl tried to give us one coke zero and one diet and when we tried to tell her the right one nicely the drive thru girl got a attitude we are never go back to this location ever againǾ
Super chill after hike hot messy grubbin. I ordered 2  veggie burgers, which took a while to make so the cashier had us drive to the front double doors. Hunger is the best spice.Ǿ
Dear Burger King,

Please fire the black drive thru woman. 

Thank you,
The yelp communityǾ
Burger King is gross. And the food is old and terrible. Close the place down and put in something decent. Summerlin allowed the worst possible choice in their limited fast food restrictions.Ǿ
Stay away from the crappy McDonalds on Alta & Decatur and just come here...Ǿ
I took my kids here and their playground is cool:) had some coupons for some sweet deals as well!Ǿ
Just went through drive through I was asked to park.   10 minutes later I am still sitting here.   I go in and was told I ordered off the lunch menu and it was my fault.   I order breakfast produced my receipt.   The employee was so rude and I asked for my money back.   Employee became very sarcastic and told me to have a good day when I said I was speaking to corporate.  This store has gone down hill and the mgt does not careǾ
DO NOT GO TO THIS LOCATION!!!! 

We just went to the drive-thru at this Burger King and the girl (Ashley) was so rude. We started to place our order and immediately she cuts us off and doesn't listen. We had to pull up to the window to place the order. Once we got to the window, she huffed and puffed the whole time and threw us attitude. Our order was thrown into the bag, the burgers were spilled out of the wrappers and the onion rings weren't even full. Both orders were half empty. Once we got home, we called back and asked for a manager. Whoever answered the phone wouldn't tell us who they were and hung up on us. They then called us back to harass us and blame us for the hang up. 

I will never go back to this location. Calls have been put into the corporate office. Will update once we see what they are going to do.Ǿ
This burger King has its good days and bad days, however I've definitely seen more bad. The employees aren't the nicest. In fact I've been made fun of before through the drive thru. The food isn't always hot either. This store did just get remodeled and replaced their drink machine with one of those that can fuse flavors into sodas so hopefully it will improve further.Ǿ
Really bad customer service! They should hire people that are people friendly. The African American lady that took our order was not very approachable and didn't even say thank you or have a great day. The place have a very negative vibe and I was not comfortable eating there because it was dirty!