Help!   I'm stuck in the drive-thru. I can't go anywhere.  This is an hour of my life I can't get back.  Ok it's only been 20 minutes to order but we know it's going to be an hour.   If you go to this Taco Bell DO NOT go through the drive through.  You will regret it.Ǿ
Like listen, your job isn't hard. Just follow what i ask for and stop giving me an incorrect order. Im sick of driving through twice to get things fixed here.Ǿ
Awful customer service. Waited in the drive thru for 20 minutes, heard whispering through the intercom, finally gave my order only to wait another 20 minutes for my food, ended up with the wrong order. Never go here!Ǿ
DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME!!! Not only did I order a SIMPLE meal, I asked for nothing to be changed or edited. The ill-bred staff that this pathetic attempt of a restaurant are not friendly and take their grande ol' time preparing the un-edible, soggy and cold pieces of mystery food. Not one of the three things I ordered were correct. DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME!!!!!Ǿ
What a dump! Messy messy. Stale food. Sloppy employees. WTF Taco Bell?!?! Someone please clean this place up.Ǿ
The food tastes just like every other taco bell. Facility is average clean. Employees above average. They even give you a mint and wetnap if you go through the drive thru.Ǿ
After waiting in line in the drive through for over 20 minutes, I was told that they had ran out of chicken, beef, beans, and rice. This was the night of the 4th of July so you would think they would have expected to be busy. After waiting for so long, I thought they should have at least had someone come out and tell the cars waiting in the drive through, that they had run out of everything besides steak and desserts so that everyone did not waste their time waiting in a very long and slow line. I'm very disappointed by this taco bell.Ǿ
If my review for the T-Bell in Forest Hills is used as a reference, I can certainly say that this location is terrible. It is as if they dropped the tortilla in a puddle (probably a toilet... get it?) prior to assembling what is supposed to be a delicious meal. By the time I got the food home it was so mushy, cold, and overall dissatisfying that I would've fed it to the dog, but the dog sniffed it as he walked by and decided to chew on his rawhide instead. HIS RAWHIDE - what kind of world are we living in when a dog isn't even interested in Taco Bell? A sick, sad world indeed.Ǿ
I find the food at this establishment to be edible. We visited recently and an employee named Ashley helped us out a lot. She excitedly gushed to us that the entire kitchen was filthy, nobody washed the dishes, and the food was garbage whilst dropping several f bombs in front of a small child. She then left. I ate several combinations of meat bread and cheese and then I was happy. We got free cinnamon twists....bomb!Ǿ
I eat here almost every night how is it possible that my order is always messed up in someway how... I usually always order fiery in always seem to get regular. I ask for supreme and they never put sour cream I literally just start keeping it stock in my refrigerator but they charge almost a $1 for that SMH it's horrible. Half the time I go they aren't busy so what is reasoning my order is messed up other then people not giving a shit. I want what ask for I, I expect to get what I paid for. It's like I get home in what the fuck who wants to drive all the way back or deal with the attitude of the people its a waste of my time. I have try calling in to talk to general manager & have left message but never hear back. Yes I get its only Taco Bell but it's still a restaurant...so just make it like how people ask. I am a reoccurring customers but at this put rate there no point I could buy the normal tacos and make them at home! I guess I will have to do without my fiery taco since I basically never get it anyways! I hope this place gets it shit together it's been like year in still every time my husband but seriously everytime! What is the purpose of the phone if you don't answer !Ǿ
The Cosmic Trickster mucked with my life again. He made me come to a Taco Bell. 

I think he did it to remind me of why Mexican cuisine isn't something that can be nor should be successfully mass marketed. A truly tasty frozen burrito is an impossibility. 

This Taco Bell used to shovel out acceptably good grub. Everything was fresh, crispy when appropriate.

Today everything they make tastes as if it had been left in the rain for 2 hours. Don't do takeout, or else your food will lose whatever heat it contains in 5 minutes. Even the cardboard carryout containers will become as sodden as a rolled up newspaper that missed the porch and landed in a puddle. 

My mother who is about as Hispanic as Pat Buchanan makes Mexican food that is ten times as edible as anything you'll buy at a Taco Bell. 

Avoid it if possible. I was not so fortunate. The Cosmic Trickster was feeling ornery. My destiny is not my own.Ǿ
The employees handled themselves well the other night when a disgruntled employee -  Ashley loudly in a vulgar way left the restaurant in her misguided teenage angst driven meltdown. Kudos to the staff and manager for keeping a level head and providing good food and service during a clearly uncomfortable situation for them. Thanks for the good food and service. We'll be coming back and enjoyed the entertainment Ashley provided. Albeit the employees were uncomfortable but we lead boring lives and this is all the fun we ever have.