I ordered a extra meat Philly cheese steak what I got was less meat than I've ever seen on any sandwich the bread was over toasted to the point of rock hard. When I called to see if we could get new sandwiches I was told by a very rude young lady I would have to call back Monday-Friday 9-5. There was nothing she could do. Awesome customer service NOT! Perhaps they shouldn't leave their store in the care of people who don't know what they are doing.笑
Due to several restaurants in the Mint Hill, North Carolina being without power this evening my wife and I had a late evening romantic dinner at Subway. Arriving at 9:00 pm we placed our order, took out food, and found a table. Just about the time I finished my sandwich, pushed back from the table, and took a big sip of my diet coke, the restaurant went dark. Looking across the darken restaurant, I said, "Excuse me" which caused one of the young ladies to look around the corner and say "We close at 9:30." I told her that my wife was still eating, to which she repeated, "We close at 9:30" (yes she was blond and apparently thought that her being blond affected my hearing). I replied that closing time was when you stopped letting new customers come in, not when you turned the lights out on your customers. "Oh, are you still eating?", she queried. I tried to explain that my wife was still eating and that it was very rude to simply turn the lights out on your customers, especially without informing them that you were closing and going to turn the lights out. I thought about accidentally falling in the dark. I know some attorneys that would loved such a case and I have always wanted my own Subway. I told the young lady that I had never seen anyone so rude. At which she became magically polite and turned the lights back on so my wife could see how to toss her uneaten food in the trash can so that she would not have to clean the table. My wife, being the lady she is, gathered up her uneaten food and all the papers napkins, straw papers (even picking one up out of the floor - which I would never had done) through them all in the trash. Then, when my wife asked for her name, she disappeared in the back. 

So beware, if you decide to eat at this Subway in Mint Hill, and if you do, you had better be out by 9:30 or take your own candles!笑
This Subway is convenient to my work so I probably stop by at least once a week. It's clean and the owner & employees are friendly (like I said, they see me at least once a week). For some reason when I go to Subway I usually try to eat fairly healthy, you know, wheat bread & lots of veggie toppings, etc.. The topping selections are fresh and they seem to make a pretty "clean" sub. What I mean by "clean" is when I go to eat it, the toppings are not just falling out everywhere, making a mess. It's a good "go to" lunch selection when I need something quick. See you next week!笑
Not much notable about this particular location except that it is really, really difficult to get in.  You can see it easily enough from the street, but actually getting into the store is a real challenge.

Sure, it is easy enough if you are walking, but who walks?  Recently the Charlotte metro area was ranked the second highest gas-guzzling city by Forbes, and surely we did not get that ranking by walking everywhere, right?

So if you are driving, you can either park in the driveway area, and hop up a couple of steps, which is probably the easiest access, or you can swing around back, and then down the alley-like hallway to the entrance, which is not obvious, but is probably the way most people will take, since parking in the driveway may not be the best approach.

As to the store itself - nothing out of the ordinary.  Service is average, food is average.  It is generally fairly clean.  Nothing else of note.笑
Always fresh quality food.Nice and clean atmosphere.
In heart of  Mint Hill downtown.Fast and Friendly
Customer service.