I used Yelp to pick a restaurant to go to lunch with my mom.  I should've paid closer attention to the bad reviews.  One word: yuck.
The dish that we had was void of flavor.  Even adding a sh*t ton of spicy mustard couldn't help save it.  We sat at our table for 20 minutes before I went to the front to find out why no one had come to take our order.  
I will never go back there and I would advise others to avoid this place.笑
Desert Jade has become the only Chinese food we'll order! I have never dined in, only gotten take out, but they are extremely pleasant when you go in to pick up the food and the restaurant seems nice inside. Food is consistently delicious, fresh, with quality ingredients.  We've gotten past the no-delivery, but major downside is not being open on Sunday (our usual takeout night)! We broke down and tried our old place last Sunday and it was nowhere near as good... Until they change hours, we'll be forgoing Chinese Sundays! Desert Jade is the best!!笑
This is our go-to "quickie Chinese" food for lunch.  You can order and have great food in less than 5 minutes during the work week and the lunch menu is pretty inexpensive.  Beef & Broccoli, Sweet & Sour Chicken, and Tangerine beef are all great!笑
Best sizzling rice soup in town! The place is a bit dark and parking might be a little stressful. The staff is weird?! Cleaning cart left in the middle of the restaurant and the hostess was not the best... If you don't care about that, you might be in a good spot
My soup was good.笑
Love the food and all the super friendly staff!  Our favorite place to grab Tangerine Chicken and Pork Fried Rice!笑
Desert Jade is the best Chinese in Arizona! The place is loaded with history-just ask the owners. The staff is friendly and helpful and the food is amazing.笑
I read the awesome reviews on this site, therefore my expectations were high. After all, Phoenix is plagued with AWFUL Chinese restaurants. 

Our entire dinner was bland. The sauce that accompanied the Fried Wontons was insipid and flavorless. Red, thick sauce should be sweet. This was not. Unimpressed. The pot stickers were ok, but nothing special enough to write home about.

I was leery about ordering the Tangerine Beef, because I had a rancid dish of the same name from a different Chinese restaurant a couple years ago. Thought I'd give it a go. Bland. Beef pounded into oblivion smothered with a sauce so faint that it cried for flavor. 

The Sesame Chicken, bland as well, was overcooked and nowhere near as sweet as one should like.

The Kung Pao Chicken was the least amusing dish of all. No flavor, no heat, and no veggies. 

The Mu Shu Pork was ok, but the plum sauce was, again, bland!

Now, the cleanliness and presentation of the restaurant was in face phenomenal. Very clean and the lit candles on the tables were a very nice touch.

The service was legendary. Very chipper, friendly, and at times amusing. There was an older lady whose job apparently was to take dirty dishes from the tables and only says "thank you!" when she does anything near you.

I noticed that a great many of the diners were very elderly. Is there a retirement village nearby? Do you not realize that the elderly LOVE buffets and bland food? This restaurant was full of both, and I think it was the army of elderly people with diminishing taste buds who wrote all those glowing reviews.

I understand that people have varying opinions and tastes, but come on! Raise your standards and start asking yourself if the food you are tasting really deserves FOUR or FIVE stars? Fail.笑
Dirty Nasty food! They have the audacity to make you wait 15 minutes for potstickers as if they were some culinary masterpiece then bring you tasteless blobs that are falling apart. Accompanied of course, by their COLD sauce, not room temp, not warm, COLD. The fried shrimp left me with the worst indigestion after I forced myself to eat two of them before forming my opinion, NASTY GREASY AND TASTELESS! The appetizers were so bad I canceled the rest of the meal. Verdict: NEVER AGAIN, you would be far better off frying up your own Chinese fare from your local supermarket's frozen food section.笑
Let me start by saying this is my favorite Asian food restaurant of all time. I always start with the bobo platter as an appetizer and it comes with a spare rib, shrimp, egg roll, honey wings and a steak on a stick that they serve over a fire. Then the hot n sour soup is the best one in town. And for our main course their lettuce chicken wraps! Everything here is so so so delicious. And their customer service is exceptional.笑
We had our New Year's Day meal here after doing a quick search online and feel it was a good omen for the year to come! :) The service was fantastic from the moment we walked in the door, the restaurant is spacious and very clean, and most importantly the food was really amazing! We were a group of two adults and four kids ranging from 7-15 and all of us felt this was one of the best meals we had during our week long stay in the Scottsdale area. Absolutely terrific!笑
Our family has been eating at and taking out Desert Jade for 25 years! Best traditional Chinese food in Phoenix. Our daughter, who lives in LA, has to have Desert Jade as soon as she gets to town for a visit. The service is top notch. They know their regulars. They know how their regulars want their meals prepared. I have been chided for always ordering the same thing, more or less, but at least they don't have to ask me. The decor is counter-intuitive, pleasant  enough, unexpected but doesn't detract. I think there is some variability in the cooking styles because this is a family-run business so chefs change and I notice sauces do have some variability. Still the spicy eggplant melts in your mouth. The moo shu pancakes are airy and the soup portions are to bathe in. The cost is also surprisingly low for the high quality. Most of you will not be disappointed.笑
I haven't eaten Chinese food in years. (Other than Pei Wei... and I don't really consider that Chinese food... More like Asian fast food or something)...

I've lived in this same neighborhood for about 8 years now and driven by Desert Jade a thousand times and never really noticed it. (Kind of like ALL of those places on Indian School!)

But, we decided to get adventurous and try it. 

And it was really pretty good!

As you walk in, it looks like your typical Chinese restaurant. Red pleather booths, paper lanterns kinda thing. 

We were lead to a booth by the window which had some kind of tableau in it featuring big fake turkeys (not the cooked kind... the real kind)... So, don't know what that was all about. 

One problem I noticed first... No Asian people eating in the restaurant. A clue to me when eating any kind of ethnic food. If you see people native to the type of food you're about to eat, it's a GOOD sign!

I ordered the Sizzling Rice Soup first. As the waitress was putting the Sizzling Rice into my soup at the table, she dropped one of the big clumps into my water. No matter. She was sweet and we all laughed. 

The soup was really quite good. As was the Moo Shu Pork (that they made at the table. I'm used to assembling the crepes myself) and also the Kung Pao. 

I'll definitely be back, Desert Jade! Thanks for a great Chinese meal!笑
Very great Chinese food to go to. I have been going here since was a kid and they still remember me. The place is very well decorated and has very reasonable prices for their food. I love the tea they offer and how peaceful the environment is. The food is made with love and care which makes it taste so much better.笑
We had a good dining experience at Desert Jade. Our waiter was friendly and attentive. We decided to order Sweet and Sour chicken, Mongolian beef, chicken fried rice, and House Chop Suey (recommended by our waitress). I was looking for Hong Kong style chow mein but they didn't offer it. 

The food was pretty good. Hubby said that its one of the best compared to his recent Chinese dining adventures. I really enjoyed the chicken fried rice. What I love about most Chinese establishments is that you always leave with a doggie bag, which of course we did. For around $50, our order would of fed 4 or 5 people (good value). We left full and satisfied.笑
I found this place on Yelp.  Ordered pickup of here and it was pretty good. The food was decent but lacked a little flavor.  I ordered the chop suey which I haven't had in a long time.  It seems very promising and will most likely get food there again.

The ambiance seems nice so maybe next time it will be a sit down.笑
We get take out here all the time! Great food and delightful service! The woman taking the card grabbed all the boxes of food and carried them out to the car for me too. Highly recommend.笑
I took the recommendation for the wlnut shrimp and it was incredible.  The  place was clean and I enjoyed it atmosphere.  The serve was incredibly attentive and quick.  I thought the sizzling rice soup was bland but I believe that is by design because I have never tried a highly flavored sizzling rice soup.  

I am eager to return and try more options from their menu.笑
I've been going here with my family for years. Great food and great service!

I don't think there's a bad item on the menu. The lemon chicken, mu shu chicken, and lettuce wraps are my top favorites!笑
I'm kind of in awe of reviewers that think they know what authentic Chinese-American food is.
I'm no expert, don't claim to be; I'm just a 3rd generation Asian-American; whose family mostly are chefs/owners of Asian-American restaurants.
Taste is a subjective thing; so, even I don't agree with the negative reviewers of  Desert Jade here are my picks.
* Lemon Shrimp or Chicken - my favorite!!!
* Egg Foo Yung - just like my mother's & grandmother's. (only place in town I will order on a consistant basis)
* Ginger Beef
* Beef with Tomatoes
* Pot Stickers
* Hot & Sour Soup
Will go back as often as I can; for the good food, service and great people.笑
This restaurant is by far, one of the best little tucked away Chinese establishments I have ever been too. The decor is adorable, the wait staff is very sweet and just right with attention/grace. My companion seems to really enjoy the Sizzling Rice soup, although I am more in love with the Hot and Sour Soup. We are now making Desert Jade our meeting spot. Whether you enjoy having an entree, for example the Walnut Shrimp or the Beef and Broccoli; or you are looking for an entire meal of appetizers, this is your place. The selections are endless and the flavors are incredible. It makes one feel comfortable to venture off the path and chose something new. I guarantee this establishment is worth the drive, wait, and traffic. My personal menu favorites are the Walnut Shrimp, Pot Stickers, Fried Wontons, Hot and Sour Soup, and the Sizzling Rice Soup. 
But I don't want to waste anymore of your time, get out of the house and head to Desert Jade!笑
Seeing all the cars parked in their parking lot and as it was time for lunch, I decided to give it a try.  The staff was very efficient.  I think I waited a whole 10 minutes to get my food.  I ordered the Mongolian beef.  The sauce was too sweet and the meat-well it reminded me of mystery meat.  Not a very memorable meal.笑
I know this place is a Phoenix institution.  And it is quite nice inside compared to many Chinese restaurants.  I was invited to lunch here by a colleague who had dined here many times in the past.

I felt the lunch menu was perhaps a bit overpriced, given the quantity and quality of food.

i ordered the kung pao shrimp ($8.25), which was a spicy dish, but ordered it HOT.  It came so mild I might as well have ordered shrimp in lobster sauce, with some peanuts thrown in.   There were about 10 peanuts, a 1/2 cup of sauteed green onions, and about 4 medium sized shrimp, to go with fried rice that had nothing in it and an egg roll the size of my thumb.  It WAS nice it came with hot tea.

Was it outrageously priced?  Absolutely not.  Would I eat here again if someone invited me?  Of course.  But if it's my choice, there are much better Chinese restaurants to be found.笑
The chicken curry lunch special was delicious, and service was great.笑
Always greeted with a SMILE (and a HUG)!  Desert Jade is truly a Chinese jewel in our AZ desert.

Great family owned restaurant that really cares about their customers. They remember their regulars by name and ask about your family members and/or friends (especially my mom awwwww). They are genuinely heart warming & sweet. 

I have been coming here for almost 20 years. Wow that's a while!  So I must really love this place & the family that runs it.  Plus they are funny & they joke around with me for years about my lack of driving & taking cabs there unless with family or friends (must have my cravings satisfied haha). 

Some of the servers have been there a while so they know I like my food spicy & no carrots even if I might forget to say. I don't like to waste food. So they will make most of their dishes to your preference since it's made fresh.  Just ask. 

Great Food!  Great Service!  Always fresh ingredients and no msg. Always consistently delicious!  Simple Chinese food done well!!

PS 

Earlier this year:  Wow!!!  The family of 'Desert Jade Restaurant' (one of my longtime fave restaurants especially for Chinese) was celebrating one of their son's birthday when they saw me & had me join them for dinner.

They treated me like family!  Sharing their food & hospitality. How sweet!!!

Thank you from my heart!笑
Was in the area around dinner time and decided to try Desert Jade.  First, I checked Yelp and with an overall 4 star rating we decided to try it.  
I was very happy that they served us free tea.  Yeah, that's right.  Free tea.  Nice!  I thought that was a sign of things to come.

We ordered the egg drop soup because it is my husband's favorite.  The "small"comes in a bowl which gave us each a cup of soup (the smaller cup they give you to serve yourself) and maybe another 1/2 cup.  The problem is that hubby hated it.  He said it was the worst he's ever had.  I say it was just OK but I wouldn't order it again.  BTW, if you want noodles, you have to pay 60 cents for noodles.  Their crispy noodles are like sticks not the wide ones usually served.  We tried the noodles and they were crispy and not greasy.  But why nickel and dime people?  Why not add it to the cost of the soup?  No other restaurant that I know charges for these.  
We ordered one egg roll which was crispy and not greasy.  It was just veggies.  We both liked it.
Hubby's meal was the Tangerine Chicken, ordered spicy.  This dish came out looking good, but the chicken was over cooked.  The flavor on the sauce was orangey and good.  I think the reason for the chicken being overcooked is that they use a rotisserie chicken and then added slices of the rotisserie chicken into the sauce.  The way the chicken was sliced led me to believe that.  Most orange chicken or even General Tso's chicken is in chunks--not slices of chicken that are still linked to one another.  Do you get what I am saying?    It was like taking the side of a chicken and putting slits in it and then dropping it in an orange sauce.  All I heard was complain about this meal all evening.  Yap, Yap, Yap.... The chicken is over cooked, the chicken is overcooked... Yap, yap, yap.  Will never come here again... Yap, yap, yap.  Ladies,  you get it,  right?   
My dish was tofu with ground pork.  I asked for it spicy and they really, really gave it to me spicy.  Well, I asked for it and that's what I deserved.  It was a tasty dish and I would have it again but I don't think that's going to happen because hubby was not happy with his dish and we are probably never visiting Desert Jade again.  BTW,  if you want brown rice you pay 35 cents per person.  Again with the nickel and diming.  

Well, you know how I arrived at the two stars.  One for the free tea and one for my dish which was spicy but very acceptable.  I have definitely experienced better!笑
I have grown up on this great chinese food! The menu has many options and ALL the food is great! Many family memories were made! The sizzling rice chicken, sweet and sour chicken, egg rolls, soups and fried rice are delicious! If you become addicted to this restraunt you will be treated like family!笑
Okay food, not the best but definitely not bad.  Service was good.笑
I had one hour for lunch, and had heard this was one of the best places in town. I expected the lunch combo would come with a cup of soup - but not here, even though lunch is hi-priced. The weather was cold, so I wanted soup. I ordered sizzling rice soup and some egg rolls. It took 45 minutes between the time I sat down and when I got my food! The soup was not sizzling, and had small round BURNT rice cakes floating in the cup. BURNT BLACK. I had ten minutes to eat and get back to the office, so I could not return my meal. I fished out the burnt pieces and ate quickly. Maybe this place had a good rep in the past, but I will never go back there!笑
Desert Jade is not your ordinary Chinese Restaurant with stark mirrored walls, paper lanterns and place mat menus... on the other hand, Desert Jade is like a rich country club, comfortable leather booths, fire place, dark colors, a very nice ambiance.  We have reserved private areas for groups and enjoyed an intimate dinner in  the main dining room.  
We have always found the service friendly, wether eating in or getting carry-out, and they have never refused to do a special order for us. (I don't like mushrooms- what?)  We have been coming here for more than 10 years now and the food is still great.  Try the pan fried tofu with vegetables... the ginger chicken... the shrimp with lobster sauce... to name a few.笑
Super bomb egg rolls that are HUGE! Must try.. They taste like a desert with cinnamon on them. They food is pretty good too and the place is very authentic Chinese. The waiters are straight up Chinese amd in their attire.笑
Desert Jade is great. The decor is a bit funky -- reminds me of something Scottish, but the food is some of the best I've had in Phoenix, as far as Chinese goes. I've never had a bad meal here and take friends here. I think it's great. I wish it were open on Sundays. That's a bit of a bummer.

They have great almond cookies. We usually get moo Shu chicken, which is very flavorful. I have also had them be very accommodating and make me steamed foods with brown rice. I just love this place!笑
Nothing beats Desert Jade.  They've updated their dining room and accommodate my now vegan diet.笑
AMBIANCE: We came here after we heard this place achieved the dean's list on dirty dining. I was going to only give this place 2 stars (see below) but because this place was not dumpy like other Chinese restaurants and actually was clean and comfortable, this was part of the reason why I raised my rating. It reminded me of when I was a kid in 80s and would go to Steak & Ale with my family. It was very dark inside, which I love when it's 110 degrees outside, with dark furniture and windows you can see out of, unlike other Chinese places where they have to keep their windows shaded or blocked out for some odd reason. But this place has nothing to hide. Upon entering it is nice to see a full bar and to be greeted right away. I believe this is a family restaurant, and you can see the pride in the way the place is kept up. It is super clean, not dusty or dingy, and the bathroom is immaculate. Nice touch, even though the sun had not set yet, was the placement of lit candles on EVERY table, and only a few were occupied. I also noticed a fireplace, which must be nice if they light it in the winter.

FOOD: one word, BLAND! I just don't understand. From appetizer to entree, everything was missing either sweet, salt, or both. The fried wontons could have a used a lot more filling and the "sweet" orangey sauce was not even sweet. What?! The fried dumplings looked like they stuck to the pan, as they were slightly black and some were broken from when they tried to remove from the pan (probably not enough oil, or they walked away for too long). The familiar sauce that came with it was not salty enough so I just used soy sauce. The Kung Pao chicken was unlike any I've had before. Where were the red and green bell peppers? Missing. Where was the heat, even though it was in red to indicate spicy on the menu? Missing. It was just chicken, lots of green onion bottoms, peanuts, and those whole red chiles no one eats but is supposed to add heat. The sesame chicken, usually with a very sweet sauce, was not. The chicken was okay, but slightly overcooked, noticeable by the very dark brown fried coating. I didn't like the tangerine beef: when you have any meat sliced thin, hello, it must be cooked no more than a minute or two or tough, as it was in this case. Think beef jerky. I noticed that the restaurant kept filling up with old people and I thought that maybe a nursing home was nearby, but then it dawned on me; they like bland food so this place was like their mother ship!

SERVICE: This also led me to raise a star as the service was stellar. More than a few people from a couple waitresses to several bussers, took great care of us. They even wrapped the pancakes for our mu shu pork dish for us. Everyone is so friendly and served with a smile, I so want this place to succeed. 

Yes, you are in Phoenix and the pickings are slim for the traditional, Americanized, Chinese restaurant that serves the freshest and tastiest food. Add some fresh spice, honey, turbinado sugar, fish sauce, whatever!, just turn it up a notch and watch those cooking temps (don't forget fresh meat and frying oil) and you'll have a winner. Add then add home delivery and you'll corner the market. In the meantime, I have found my current benchmark, Chou's Kitchen in Chandler, and I will have to trek it out there when I want the best, until I find something better.笑
They're back! I have been a few times in the last few months and must say that Desert Jade is back to 5 stars in terms of food quality. The pan fried noodles are perfectly crispy and delicious. The sizzling rice soup (my new fave item) is flavorful and the veggies in it taste fresh. They still have the husband's favorite sweet and sour chicken (made with chicken that is fried and then sliced... that makes all the difference). The service is still great, in fact, we have been coming to Desert Jade for almost 10 years now and many of the staff members are the same, which is very cool. On top of that, they remember you, have personal conversations with you, and remember your order. You really can't beat the service. Additionally, the food never takes more than 15 minutes to come out. Other notable dishes are the pot stickers (made in house, not my fave in town, but a good solid effort), the spicy red sauce (yummm), and the lettuce wraps. Definitely check them out!


PS They still provide hot tea to the table, a nice touch, but they stopped the almond cookies.... this is sort of heartbreaking... bring back the almond cookies pleeease!!!笑
Dishes were specified as spicy, but were not spicy at all, more sweet. But the service was great. I would give it another shot. Free tea on the tables is a plus笑
My first thought: This is expensive for American - Chinese food. 

My second thought: Who cares? 

Like many of the people on Yelp I am picky about pricing. This place, as noted, is a two dollar sign, but it is exactly that distinction that sets it apart from other restaurants like this. Like Mexican restaurants in the area, there are roughly four thousand places you could get American Chinese cuisine. They range in price and this is probably the high end as far as this type of cuisine goes, but the tangerine chicken will make you forget about the eleven bucks that it costs. This place was a nice reminder that spending an extra four bucks for your meal is usually worth it, especially when you are going to take to the Internet to tell others about it. 

Also the egg rolls was mad crispy.笑
This is by far my family's favorite Chinese restaurant in the valley. Ivan is an amazing server and Yen, at the front door, is always friendly and remembers our names. They have the best wor wonton soup on the planet and great chicken lettuce wraps. Their walnut shrimp is phenomenal and pretty much, no matter what you get, you will be thrilled. All their food is fresh, and seasoned appropriately, and exactly what I want from the Chinese restaurant笑
I love this restraunt.  i frequent it a couple times a month, and when i get in my trips a couple times a week...

I used to work for Dragon Palace in N.Phoenix 32nd st & Thunderbird(check it out also) when i was 16 and Desert Jade is the closest I have found to them and its 5 minutes from me!! but yah im a wierd chinese food eater. and if it wasnt for dragon palace i wouldnt have tried anything other than sweet&sour pork/chicken...  

desert jades mu shu chicken is SO yummmmmy. omg. their duck sauce makes it so much betttter.  their hot&sour soup is very good.  their sweet&sour shrimp/chicken/pork are all amazing.  they have 2 different sweet&sour sauces, which i still cannot decide between.  one is served with their egg rolls *which ARE so good, but sorry dragon palace are still #1 by a longshot* and the other is served with their sweet&sour dishes which is thicker and richer in red color.  just writing about it makes me want it..

their lunch specials are awesome too, i work at the f.s. mall and when i get a lunch special its only $1.50 more than if i got panda express in the mall.笑
I'm on the constant hunt for good Chinese food in Phoenix. After many disappointing meals, I found Desert Jade and haven't looked back. The restaurant is super clean and quaint inside (even a big fireplace) and the service is great. Each of our servers have been super friendly and attentive. The food is really good. It's not going to blow you away, but it's fresh, portions are just right and I've never left unsatisfied. 

I really like the Kung Pao Chicken, the Mu Shu Pork, Spicy Chicken with Vegetables (lots of them), and my husband loooves the glazed walnut shrimp.

If you're looking for an easy, casual Chinese meal in Phoenix - I promise you this is one of your best bets.笑
It seems to me that many Phoenicians have a "jaded" (pun INTENDED) view of what real, authentic Chinese food looks and tastes like, and those people are the ones who said this was the best Chinese food they've ever had. 

I'm sorry, but I was NOT that impressed with the food here. I came here last night with a group of 6 people and we did the whole "family style" thing. A couple people ordered potstickers and said they were really good (and at least the waitress warned them that they would take 15 minutes to make) but others were not that impressed with the wonton soup. 

My dish was actually pretty good (Ginger Chicken), but a couple of the other plates looked a little sketch (I mean, the Walnut Shrimp was literally a plate with shrimp, then a huge serving of broccoli and then a pile of walnuts....IT WASN'T EVEN MIXED IN!!) I was also disappointed with the "fried rice" they served with the meal, which was just fried with some soy sauce (no eggs, no veggies). The Mu Shu was ok, but I actually prefer the one at P.F. Chang's. 

All in all, it wasn't horrible, but as the 2 Star rating indicates, I've DEFINITELY HAD BETTER!! 

Almost three stars for great service, though!!!笑
Really good Chinese food. I always get Singapore rice noodles and add extra vegetables and I've never been disappointed. Hot and sour soup is good and they are really quick for take-out. Owners are very friendly.笑
For some reason I was craving some hot and sour soup yesterday, so I turned to Yelp to guide me.  I found Desert Jade, which is near my office, and which I've driven past a thousand times, but which I've never tried.  So I called in an order for a hot and sour soup and an egg roll, and went to pick it up.  

I walked up to the cashier (who was the only person in the front area) and stood there as she feverishly went about scanning credit cards.  I stood there for about 5 minutes with absolutely no acknowledgment from her that I was standing there.  It was like a game to me -- let's see how long I can stand here without being acknowledged.  Then an older white man who had dined in the restaurant steps up to the cashier and puts his check down to pay for it and -- I'm not kidding here -- she picks up his check and charges his card STILL without acknowledging that I was standing there.  It was not until after she finished checking him out that she turned to me with a smile on her face and asked how she could help me.  Really?  Hmm, let me think.  I wanted to say she could help me by not being completely rude and disrespectful, but I just simply told her that I had placed an order over the phone and was there to pick it up.  Once she actually acknowledged me, she was very pleasant, but everything before that was completely unacceptable.  

The soup and egg roll were actually pretty good, but the service was beyond terrible, and actually entered into the world of being a tad bit racist.  I was offended, and for that reason, I won't be going back to Desert Jade anytime soon.笑
I love their lunch specials!!!! Comp. hot pot of tea and very decent prices. Their battered chicken is amazing but you have to eat it hot otherwise it will get soggy. EVERYONE HERE IS FRIENDLY AND ATTENTIVE. Very nice ambiance!笑
Who in the world and for what reason would any give this place less than 5 stars? We stopped here unplanned to pick up something to go for later. The woman at the front who took our order was so so polite. And I dont just mean polite, I mean GENUINELY polite. She explained how some items we ordered were made a bit different than other places, and brought a piece of the (orange) chicken out to taste. Id say 8 minutes later, barely enough time for me to catch up on Facebook, our food was ready to go. Nicely packaged to take out. She showed me how to eat the lettuce wraps since it was all packaged separately (I knew how but it was still nice of her). 
So...the food. BEST EGG DROP SOUP AWARD. EVER. Seriously. This may seem minor but I am a soup lover. 
and chicken lettuce wraps...amazing. The rest of the food we ordered between the 2 of us was all great. 
I foresee a problem here. This will turn into a weekly visit笑
Overall a great place. Outside could use some work though. We diffently go back.笑
I base my opinion of a Chinese restaurant on there Hot and Sour Soup.  This place has very good soup.笑
Over all, I will not be going back. The best apart of the whole dinner was that the entire staff was very kind, and friendly. But NOTHING else would bring me back. The prices are too high, since the food was NOT good. If the prices were lower, I would consider the old "Well you get what you pay for!" saying, but I paid $6 for a small bowl of egg drop soup, and it was very watered down and needed seasoning. Then I paid $11 for some chicken chow mien, it was ok, but the chicken was either old, or stringy (or something, it wasn't very good). The restraunt itself was clean, but freezing. I think they had the ac on.... but since the evenings lately have been in the 30's* everyone was already cold. I looked around and everyone was eating with there jackets, sweaters and hats still on. I was wearing my sweater & scarf! My waiter was a very nice guy, but over all, the food was sub par, and over priced, while the dinning room was uncomfortably cold.I could go on but I hate that my review is this negative already, since I think they really are good people.笑
I have not been here in awhile, so I thought since I am in the area I will pick up a lunch togo.  I ordered the sesame chicken lunch special (chicken, rice, and an egg roll).  I bought it back to the office, it smelled good and the togo box was stuff with food.  I wished it tasted as good as it smelled.  The sauce was kind of bland.  I was so bummed.  I guess I need to find another chinese take out place.笑
Ordered take out on a Friday night. The order was ready within 10 minutes. Thought we were off to a great start, but the bland fried rice with a few sad, shriveled peas and carrots, and no egg (!), proved otherwise. The texture was off, almost rubbery. The sesame chicken, which was featured in reviews, didn't seem particularly high quality and also lacked flavor. The egg rolls were "meh" rolls. At least the fortune cookie would be a saving grace, right? I took one bite and was disappointed. How does one eff up a fortune cookie? *shakes head* If MSG is a magic flavor enhancing sauce, they clearly don't use it. After a few gross bites I decided it was not worth the calories (cheat meal: fail) and threw it away.笑
I've been coming here since I was a teenager, and I've never been disappointed. The food comes out extremely fast, but there is no lack of quality because of it. The prices are reasonable, especially for lunch, and the portions are generous. I've been to plenty of mediocre Chinese restaurants, and this is not one of them.笑
Absolutely the worst Chinese food I have ever had the misfortune to eat and I was so excited to live down the street from a highly rated Chinese restaurant (LIES). I ordered the kung pao vegetables for takeout and it was basically just hard broccoli and other vegetables swimming in the most watery liquid. Wasn't even spicy. Service was also bad, I guess I went in on a day where everyone was pissed off but I will not be back for a second chance. Thanks for the undercooked veggies and boiling water.笑
I went here for the first time after seeing the restaurant for years when I'd drive by. The food was absolutely terrrible. I ordered Kung Pao Beef which they serve breaded with some new sauce I have never heard of for it. I ate two or three bites and that's all I could handle. The server was very nice though and offered to bring me something else. I eventually took him up on his offer and ordered sweet and sour chicken instead. It too was terrible. The chicken was stringy and chewy and just did not have good flavor at all. I only had two or three bites of that as well. I certainly won't go back based on this experience. The service was good, just not the food which is the whole point.笑
I have been dining here for about 12 years.
My wife's family for about 20+.
1st thing is know here in the states the "Chinese" food is not the same as China.
Having said that - this not your take out / delivery style food.
The staff is very polite and accommodating.
The food is fresh and cooked to order.
Those talking about long waits - there is a reason - people love this food.
Long waits usually mean lots of customers - usually means the product is great.
In this case it is.
We get the Bo Bo plater - basically a sampler - great.
Sesame chicken is the family favorite so they order double.
I love the mu shu pork.
They also do take - takout orders.
I am literally on my way to pick up my order once I hit submit.笑
It's high time I wrote a review for Desert Jade. I grew up on their food. So many amazing family memories were created here so it's tough for me to go anywhere else and be quite as happy. The owners know my family and are always ready with a hug. This is truly a real-deal Phoenix institution. I have so many favorite items but here are few must-tries: chicken lettuce wraps (I'd been eating these here looooong before so-called "fusion" joints like PF Chang's had them on their menu), sizzling rice chicken, sesame chicken, Desert Jade chow mein, honey-dipped chicken wings, any one of their delicious soups. So much to choose from and it's all done exceedingly well with true consistency. Support a local, family-run joint for truly fabulous Chinese food!笑
This is a neighborhood GEM! You guys, I haven't been here since I was a child, like at least 20 years ago, and holy cow, i'm so mad that i've been missing out all of these years! My husband and I came on Friday night and it was literally some of the best Chinese food that we've ever had in the Valley! We are DEFINITELY going to be new regulars!

They serve you hot tea upon arrival, which is a major win! We ordered some egg rolls to start and I LOVED their spicy mustard and sweet and sour sauce that they have on the table. For our entrees, we ordered the tangerine chicken and beef + broccoli and literally licked both plates. The ingredients were so fresh and so much better than what you'd expect. We got one of them with steamed rice and one with fried rice - highly recommend this to mix things up a bit! The service was SO friendly!! 

We can't wait to come back again soon! It is also super affordable for the portion sizes.笑
Family of 4 dinning. Food is really good. The crab puffs are really weak, though. Other than that the couple of times we have been here the food is always good.笑
5 stars for the Chicken Fruit Salad. I love this tasty dish with the cut up fresh fruit and lychee. Flash fried chicken in a light batter. This was one of those stop in places that I never thought I would try as it looked a bit "jaded" on the outside hence the 4 star rating. But service is top notch and I am truly addicted to this meal for a nice lunch. It is a good thing it is dark inside since I like to go when I have to eat by myself and craving something fresh not fast food. They never make me feel uneasy by going in alone and the meal is always nice, fresh and hot.笑
The food wasn't very good. My girlfriend and I could only eat like a quarter of meal before we asked for a boxes (just to be nice, we don't plan on eating them). We then drove across the street to McDonalds.  I would like to note the waiter was super nice but that doesn't really help later when your stomach hurting. I hope it was just the dishes we ordered (spicy chicken w/ red sauce and chicken with vegetables in spicy sauce) because ironically the restaurant ambiance was very cozy and all the staff was extremely nice.笑
We were in Phoenix last week visiting relatives, and we went to this restaurant with my sister in law.

It's the second time we have eaten there.

Fantastic is not too strong a word for the food here.  The lemon chicken was outstanding.  Freshly made as can be and light and tasty.  We also ordered Mongolian beef which was good, and the house fried rice which has shrimp, chicken, pork, the works.  That was great.  But I really liked the lemon chicken. 

This place isn't fancy by any means but the price is right, we got out of there with three of us for about $35.  Woo hoo.  

Good food, good service, moderate prices.  It really doesn't get much better than that.  I'll go back whenever I am in Phoenix.笑
Went for lunch and was very disappointed. Restaurant smells musty and the food was awful. Service was very good.笑
The food we had was fine, but not what expected. We ordered for pick up.  I told my bf that I wanted something vegetarian and with spice. He got me Sautéed Asparagus and for himself Sautéed Pork.  I was glad he got "sautéed" dishes thinking they would not be fried and more healthy. Turns out Sautéed means fried at Desert Jade.  My asparagus was a carton shaped block of breaded and fried asparagus; Which would have been fine if a group wanted to split as an appetizer, but it was sold as a "House Special" with rice.  And cost $12!  I plopped it out of the box and went to the kitchen to try to figure out what to cook to make a meal.  Who would eat just one type or vegetable, breaded and fried, with white rice?! The Sautéed Pork was fried pork in a sauce with limp green onion leaves, not the nice crunchy part. And was fine, but small portion, so he ended up eating some of the frozen pot stickers from Trader Joe's that I "sautéed". 
Both dishes were listed as "spicy hot dishes" and neither were spicy; and I have a relatively low spicy tolerance so if I say it has no spice, it has NO spice.  
On the other hand Trader Joe's has great frozen pot-stickers and bottled sweet and sour spicy sauce.

My only other visit was for when i was craving Wanton Soup.  The wantons were supper small and dense and not flavorful. The broth was nice, but the vegetables also included the surprise mushrooms. I've never had mushrooms in wanton soup, and if I had I would have known, I'd ordered without.  (My bf is allergic and I worry about giving him an allergic reaction from kissing, and I like kissing!)笑
if i were just rating the service, i would have given 5 stars.  i was VERY impressed.  my folks were visiting, and the three of us were well taken care of.
i just wasn't crazy about the food.  i love chinese food.  i love ordering several plates and sharing.  we ordered two appetizers (both were fairly good) and three entrees (one was excellent, two were "eh.")
perhaps it's really good chinese for phoenix and i've been spoiled having lived in chicago... i dunno... but my parents weren't star-struck either, and they're from minnesota... go figure.  3 stars is my verdict.笑
After a long wait for the food, even though the place was not extremely busy when we arrived, I found the food to be above average and worth the price listed. I am not really a fan of Chinese food, but my wife is and she was satisfied with her dinner. I, myself would come back when and if my wife wants more Chinese food.笑
It was the worst Chinese food I have ever had. I had the spicy beef with vegetables and my son had the Singapore noodles. My sauce was missing flavor as equally my veggies and beef were bland. Hospital food is better. The rice was cooked with too much water so it was mushy, so when I told the server he said he would get rice from a different pot. That means they have two types of rice and they serve the lowest quality first. The second bowl he brought was medium grade long grain rice. Don't eat here!笑
One of the best whole-in-the-wall Chinese restaurants in the valley. Food is always hot and fresh, great portion sizes, and they have a friendly environment. Plus some wonderful tea too! I've been coming here for years and will continue to do so.笑
Drove almost 30 miles because of the Check Please AZ spot.  Burn!  

When we arrived the owner, we recognized her from the show, was sitting at the hostess stand reading something and never looked up to acknowledge us standing there in front of her waiting for the hostess to seat us.  On the Check Please episode she carried on about how much she loves people and her customers.  When my family dines at Flo's, even when they are hoping busy, the owner, Flo makes a point of making some contact with every customer every time.  By the way when we left the owner, still sitting at the hostess stand reading her phone or whatever, never said goodbye or thank you as we left.

We started with the Hot and Sour soup (and the Egg Drop soup) and pot stickers.  The Hot and Sour soup had nice shrimp and pork in it although it was more Sweet and Sour.  My son said his Egg Drop soup was o.k.  The pot stickers looked home made, but not a lot of flavor..just meh.

For our entrees we ordered:
Sauteed Shrimp (Highly Recommended), $13.25
Shrimp w/ a light egg batter, deep fried & sauteed w/ green onions 
*The batter on the shrimp was not crisp and was not sauced or seasoned.  I WOULD NOT       recommend this dish to anyone.
Mongolian Beef, $9.25
Sliced beef marinated in a brown sauce, sauteed w/ green onions 
*The meat was tender although the sauce was very thin/soupy and not much flavor.
Spicy Eggplant w/ Garlic Sauce, $7.95
*Although the portion was generous, this dish was neither spicy or garlicky.
BBQ Pork Fried Rice, $6.95
*This was adequate.

So disappointed because of the great reviews given on Check Please AZ.  We ordered some of the same dishes featured on the show too.  Guess it was all for the show....burn!笑
Egg Drop Soup: it was nice and creamy - it was just ok. 

Vegetable Egg Foo Young: AMAZING! Fluffy, Crispy and the sauce was not too much and it complimented the dish perfectly. 

Kung Pao Chicken: We ordered it regular & it was bland. It tasted as if the chicken was cooked bland & separately from the sauce so when it was combined it did not have as much flavor as it should have been. The sauce wasn't bad, I was disappointed since this was one of my absolute favorite dishes and it just did not have much flavor. 

It was a recommendation how we found this place, at least the Egg Foo Young was worth it oh and the hot tea was not bad.笑
Only eat here if you have a reservation and are staying to eat in the restaurant. The kitchen is very poorly managed. Takeout orders take well over an hour. 

The food is good but only because it is being prepared in Phoenix and there is nothing else to choose from. Not really. 

If you choose to come here. Just know it will be a very long wait.笑
Not bad, first time here - I had driven past a few time and decided to finally get some carry out, and man we got the carry out - They gave it to us in a box.  

Place was nice, it was actually packed when we went in to pick up the food.  Everyone was friendly and the food was ready and perfect.  The reviewed the order with us so we knew nothing was missing.

We had:
Cream cheese puffs - could have been better, but I still ate them
Wonton Soup - Very good, and really good crunchies
Egg Roll - I am not a huge eggroll person but was good for an eggroll
Shrimp Chow Mien - I loved this!  Was a really big fan, I hadn't ordered Matthew did and I ended up eating it all
Mongolian Beef - was good, your standard Mongolian beef
Mu Shu Pork - Very good, and something I noticed a couple days later, usually the wrappers get hard and you can use to eat left overs the next day, These wrappers were perfect 2 days later

I think in the end, it probably depends what you like and what you order.  I have had better Mongolian beef, but this place had great pork.  I will go back and for a place that doesn't cost and arm and a leg it works as a neighborhood joint.笑
BEST CHINESE IN TOWN!!!!  I've been coming here for almost 13 years now and its my favorite Chinese restaurant. They have great food and never disappoint. The staff is Very Friendly and helpful!! 
You Have to get their House Special Chicken or Sesame Chicken (same thing)!!笑
Mushy pork, shrimp fried rice, sizzling rice soup all fresh hot and very good.  I was assured no msg in food.  Service very nice. Highly recommend.笑
Given that I was hesitant to try this place, I'm not surprised with how things turned out. My husband won a bet so it was his choice - enough said. 

The service was fast and friendly. Not sure if this was per usual or just because the restaurant was dead. We arrived just in time to take advantage of the lunch special which was nice. 

We ordered the wontons and they came only with cream cheese and plum sauce (similar to sweet and sour). I was hoping they would have had a little flavor, but they did not. Green onions would have made a huge difference! 

The tangerine chicken was good. However, there were inedible pieces of orange peel and whole chilies on the plate. The sauce was very sweet with very little flavor. On a positive note, the chicken was all white meat and was large in portion. 

My husband really liked his Singapore noodles. He even enjoyed the egg roll that came with my lunch special (I thought it was burnt and too greasy). 

Overall, our experience was OK.笑
I often find Chinese food salty and heavy.  Not Desert Jade!  Fresh vegetables and lean meats, with a light hand on the oil and salt, make for a scrumptious meal.  We always get the Wor Wonton, but other favorites include Lemon Chicken, Moo Shu, and Lettuce Cups.  You can't go wrong at this restaurant, I guarantee it.笑
Food here is pretty good, definitely one of the best in this area of town. Never disappointed.笑
This is a hidden jem that is not to be missed.

We were greeted quickly and with a smile when we walked through the door from a young lady in the bar.  Another lady greeted us and took us to our table.  A gentleman brought us hot tea and cold water to our table right away, and then we were greeted by our waitress Rose.  Good team work going on at this place.  

I have never been to a nice Chinese place before.  This was a really nice one and I was super excited to see how the food would taste.  While enjoying my hot tea (BEST TEA EVER!  it was PERFECT), I glanced over the menu.  The prices are very decent and they have many different dishes to choose from.  

We started with an order of fried wantons.  These were light, airy, slightly crispy, delicate and filled with a little bit of cream cheese.  They came with sweet and sour sauce, which was the best sweet and sour sauce I've ever had.  Nice bright red orange color, sweet and tangy and not thick or to thin, just right.  Very good start to a grand meal that I had no idea was about to come.

Rose moved our fried wantons' plate out of the way and put two large plates in front of us.  She then started bringing out our food.  We had sweet and sour pork, pan fried noodles, fried rice, and sesame chicken.  Sesame chicken was at least two large oh so TENDER chicken breasts crisped to perfection in thick dark onion sauce that I soaked my rice and noodles in.  Pan fried noodles were lightly oiled and tasted like they were fried in a wok, very tasty.  The fried rice was fresh, soft and fluffy.  The sweet and sour pork was smothered (NOT soggy) in their yummy sweet and sour sauce.  It included large chunks of pineapples, green bell peppers and onions.

Every portion was enough for two to three people to share or even save for the next day (see photos), BUT it is going to be so hard from stopping yourself enjoying your hot fresh food in such a romantic dark setting (music overhead was a love song station).  

We had so much to pack up, Rose came by and put it all up for us in boxes.  She was awesome, very sweet, and always came by to check on us to see how we were doing.  

For everything we got -not- including tip was ONLY $34.  Forget the buffets, this is the place to go.

I highly recommend this place for large groups, couples, events, and anyone else who loves Chinese Food.  It's the BEST I EVER HAD!笑
Plenty of parking space
LUNCH Specials 11-4pm 
Big portions, fast, clean, and friendly service笑
I love this place! Great Hot & Sour soup, excellent fried wontons and the staff is so nice. My boyfriend and I get take out from here all the time and the front lady is always very welcoming.笑
DESERT JADE - A Hidden Treasure! 

This is a true gem of Chinese cuisine! I lived in Phoenix 2 years before a kind friend at last treated me to a fine meal here -- and have since regretted the untold number of "Wor Wonton" soup bowls I missed out on in those 2 years of NOT knowing about this place!! 

I sing the praises of the Wor Wonton soup...with a "from scratch" rich broth base (NOT canned or those weak bouillon cubes!) and including a veritable compendium of savory items such as shrimp, scallops, bok choy, water chestnuts, carrot slices, bits of pork/beef... perfectly seasoned and not too salty... Yes -- ALL of these in one soup - and even more ingredients I have likely forgotten to name! Definitely NOT the usual watery base with a couple pieces of unidentifiable "something" floating in it! The consistently excellent quality of the fare is undoubtedly because the restaurant's owners are also the chefs!

AND not to forget the delights of Tangerine Chicken (or beef if you choose)... SUCH a welcome, tasty and tasteful difference from the boring neon-red, thick, cornstarch-based sweet-and-sour dish you get everywhere else! You can request the sauce as spicy (or not) as you desire if you request same at the time of ordering. And the chicken in this dish!!! Fork-tender and plentiful! (I always ask for extra sauce on the side and extra crunchy green onions on top - and am uncomplainingly obliged.)

I bless the friend who introduced me to Desert Jade, and I in turn have introduced numerous friends of my own to this wonderful place (and -they- have introduced their friends too!) It's the kind of place whose absolutely best advertising happens word-of-mouth from one happily satisfied customer to another.

Not only the superb food, but also the competent and very attentive staff deserve high recognition. Even at the busiest of times, I do not recall feeling neglected by whoever was handling my table.

Desert Jade must be doing SOMETHING right, huh -- been in business over 20 years!  Do yourself a favor and enjoy the delights of Desert Jade SOON!笑
My family has been going to Desert Jade for over 24 years 3 generations in total. We love everything about this place so I will list some of our favorites:
Chicken chow mein with pan fried noodles, sesame chicken, lettuce wraps, veggie fried rice, egg foo young all flavors, hot & sour soup, egg drop soup, soup with sizzling rice, bobo platter, war shu gui and the list goes on - stellar service family owned and operated and always stellar service.  Definitely an A+笑
The food and the service is worthy of six stars. Feels like a family owned little gem. The potstickers and fried won ton perfect. Smoking hot with fresh flavor and on point. The music in background pearl jam. Love this place.笑
This place is fantastic. Desert Jade Chow mein with pan fried noodles is my fav. Excellent service as well. Can't find many places like this out here.笑
The service was great and food came quickly.  The prices were good and the menu was easy to navigate.  I love their online menu.  Unfortunately, the food wasn't anything to write home about.  No one in my party of 3 cared for their dishes.笑
It's not the greatest Chinese food in the country but for Arizona, it's definitely one of the best! I'd say the food is worth a good 4 stars but the friendly owners and the amazing wait staff make this a five star joint! I love the egg foo young, pepper steak, the chicken fruit salad, and pan fried noodles. My husband, who suffers from severe white guy syndrome, prefers the cream cheese wontons, lemon chicken, and sizzling rice soup. I never call in my take-out orders, I just walk in and within 10 minutes it's usually ready to go, no matter how big the order is! I wish they were open Sundays but the owner says if she didn't close at least one day a week she'd never get her husband out of the kitchen, lol!笑
Ate here for the first time about 2 weeks ago.  I had the Mongolian beef and it was delicious.  We ate there close to closing time so there weren't too many people there.  However the people that did come were mostly Asians.  I'm not trying to sound racial or anything but if you have people of your own ethnicity coming to your restaurant to eat then you know it's got to be good! 
Delicious food and excellent service!笑
Great old school Chinese place. The food and service is both outstanding. Try the Moo Shoo Pork and the orange chicken!笑
Heard bout this place for yrs & finally went and honestly don't know what all the fuss was for? Ok @ best in a house setting that really wasn't Asian. Try China Chili!笑
I live in Chandler and drive to Phoenix for this place. The sesame chicken is off the hook. So hot and crispy. Almost always get this dish. Started today with hot and sour soup also really good. This place is authentic Chinese food and includes a pot of green tea. Yum.笑
I'm no Chinese food expert but I enjoyed the dinner.

I yelped Chinese restraints in the valley and this had good reviews (and my friend also suggested it).  Made a reservation, didn't wait at all once arrived, and got a booth (booths are the way to go).  

Ordered the fried wantons (they were pretty light on the cream cheese filling maybe they got overlooked too long), desert jade chow mein with thin noodles (very good and the sausage tasted amazing), finally the chicken lettuce wraps (very fresh and very very good!).  Also the meal comes with tea which was very relaxing.  It has great service and atmosphere.  I would recommend it to any of my friends.  We will be going back once we get the Chinese food itch again. Enjoy!!笑
This might just be my new favorite Chinese restaurant. From the pot of tea to the fortune cookies, everything was spot-on. It's a lovely restaurant with great decor and atmosphere (you can hardly tell you're on Indian School). The service was great; the waiters are friendly (they were happy to chat with patrons and make suggestions) and I have to say it: they speak English better than most places. Most important the food was just what you like about Chinese without the little faults it usually has. All the meat and vegetables were fresh and whole without being overlooked or drowned in sauce.  Tangerine chicken, for instance, is usually little balls of dark meat heavily breaded and soggy with sugary sauce. Here, it's nice cuts of breast lightly coated in a still-crispy shell with just enough of a very flavorful sauce that can be adjusted to your taste. Vegetables were crisp, tea was hot, and dinner was great. I highly recommend this place.笑
A great place to get some American Chinese food. This is the best I've found in the valley. I usually order the house chow mein (get ready for some serious broccoli action!) and the peking pork; I am planning on being adventurous and trying spicy next time, since the medium is fairly mild. The service is super fast, and I always go home with leftovers. Their lunch specials are perfectly priced and the portions? Well, they're perfect, too. Get ready to be happy and full. Dinner is a little pricey, so I gave them 4 stars.笑
My wife and I love the Desert Jade. The food is delicious and the service was good. We have taken friends there and have never been disappointed. There are at least 10 Chinese restaurants with in 2 miles of them, and none compare!  I would have given 5 stars but one dining room seemed a little loud. They may try some carpeting in there. Other than that, it is the best Chinese around.笑
I enjoy coming for lunch, although I no longer work around the area, I still commute across Phoenix to eat here once in a while when the craving hits. I have never been here for dinner but the prices look steep for Chinese food. They have the best tangerine chicken and that's the only thing I have ever ordered. The have cut back on portions over time but there's still enough to get full but not enough for leftovers for dinner like before. You also get a free pot of hot tea with your order. My only complaint is the waitress. There seems to be only 2, a guy and a lady. The guy is always nice and attentive but unfortunately we always seem to get the lady. She is not too friendly so we always just brushed it off as a cultural thing but the last time we were there she didn't even take our drink order. I guess we were fine with that since we ended up drinking water but the whole situation was just awkward since it has never happened to us before. We just feel as if she wants us out as soon as possible. They also box your leftovers for you which I also find awkward but I can live with that. Yes, this place does look like a retirement center at lunch time and I took a picture to proof it. (There were tons more seniors next to and behind us) We are always the youngest couple and can actually feel our youth being sucked out of us. This does not take away the fact they have delicious orange chicken and will continue to sacrifice my youth once in a while for its yummy crunchiness. 
P. s. I don't know if kids are allowed there, I have never seen them in there and they don't have a kids menu笑
We had their sizzling  rice soup . Their both could have used more seasoning.  Their pot stickers is one of their signature  dishes. The meat was salty and the flavor was a little  off. I do love their fruit  salad with fried chicken.  The  lychee  and peaches  and grapes are a great combination.  Best dish is their  Hong Kong steak. Tried their chow me in honk Kong style . It was drenched  in sauce that was too salty . The vegetables  were over cooked. Their consistently  is up and down笑
This little restaurant is off the beaten path and worth going to!  In my opinion, it is the best American Chinese food in the Valley.  Great friendly service and the food is fantastic.  Tthe best beef & broccoli EVER with a fantastic satiny sauce.  The regular (not spicy) chicken with vegetables and the sesame chicken are also wonderful.  We iwll be back.笑
This restaurant is not a place a tourist would find in the hotel travel books.  It is an older, somewhat edgy part of Phoenix.  The building was probably a Denny's in the 1970's.  But, don't let the location and appearance turn you off.
This is a great place if you have a lot of friends who don't mind having "family style" Chinese food.  The sauces are very light and flavorful.  The portions are ample the lazy-susan helps get the food moving between your friends.  The staff and the owner had no problems handling a horde that wanted one of everything.  If you are looking for flavorful Chinese and a moderate price come here, if you are looking for skimpy and overpriced head to Scottsdale.笑
The must-try on Desert Jade's menu is the Hot & Sour Soup.  It is the best I've had anywhere, by far!  Filling, delicious and has a little kick -  the hot & sour soup is great to order at the restaurant or to pick up and take home. Desert Jade has definitely improved my "comfort food" repertoire, so long chicken-noodle soup, you have been replaced for good!笑
Great ambience, excellent service. Food is OK, not great, not amazing, but ok. Very accomodating to substitutions on the menu. The beer menu is not very extensive and our bill was more expensive than I would like for a neighborhood chinese restaurant.笑
Thanks to all of you Yelpers for recommending this place! It was just what I have been looking for in my neighborhood- fresh and tasty Chinese food for a decent price unspoiled by trendiness. Thanks! I will definitely add Deserg Jade to my regular rotation.笑
Enjoyed the menu choices, great food and excellent customer service.  Great overall value given dinner for two under $35 (no drinks).  Will definitely be back and highly recommended.  Very friendly owner.笑
3 stars and that's being generous.  Mongolian beef and Sweet/Sour chicken were both soupy and swimming in some kind of MSG laden gelatin.  I really wish I could say better things about this place and I really wish I could find some dependable Chinese in Phoenix.  Suggestions anyone?笑
Service excellent........then it goes downhill. The fried rice was at best poor, clumps of steamed, not fried, rice, with a touch of sauce, that was sauce? No veggies or meat, basically white rice. Ate three spoonfuls, toss. The egg foul yung was swimming in soy sauce and appeared to have been burnt. Two bites, toss. The egg drop soup was good, but again, how do you ruin egg drop soup? Go back? Slim and none.
They should send their cook to MN, maybe he could become a chef.

RTinAZ笑
This place has the best fried rice ever . not too dry , just perfect, I've only eaten inside once, and the workers are very nice. I order take out from here all of the time and they have fast service.笑
great find... i thank John A for the review... the food was very good... the menu is one of the bigger menus i have seen at a chinese place... i went with 3 people and we got 4 main dishes... i would reccomend the lemon chicken and Hong Kong beef... both were excellent... the decor is kinda funky... like your grandmas house in the 60's... it is not priced too bad... i am defintaly going back...笑
I love this place! Good food great service.  I've eaten here about six times now. Every dish has its own flavor.so far everything we tried is delicious.  The mix drinks are so good and good ount of alcohol in it.  My favorite is the Mai Tai and scorpion.  Desert jade chowmein is the best. U have to order it. ... so far one of my favorite Chinese restaurant!笑
Best Chinese food in Phoenix. Excellent service. The owners and waiters are all friendly. The sizzling rice and egg drop soups are both amazing, so are the potstickers. Sautéed shrimp is my favorite entree, also shrimp with lobster sauce, but literally everything is really good.笑
Pretty legit hot & sour soup - they do it right. Since living in SF, this is the first time I haven't wanted to ask for the vinegar to add a bit more sour.  I also had the pot stickers and those are done correctly - they steam them first and then give them a sear in a frying pan.  Highly recommend for these two items - I'll have to go back and check out the rest of the menu.笑
I've been searching for a decent take out Chinese place for awhile, and there are a few in this area. This hap pend to be the first one I tried, and maybe ordering the traditional take out dishes was the downfall, but I was disappointed. 

My girlfriend and I ordered beef with snow peas and water chestnuts, and a spicy vegetable kung pao type thing with fried rice. The flavor, quality, and freshness of the ingredients was very bland and seemed to be more of a public cafeteria type quality. The menu had a number of specialty dishes, so maybe we ordered the wrong items, but I don't think I'll be going back to find out.笑
The outside is a little misleading because this restaurant is a true gem! The staff was very intuitive and friendly, as well as the service provided - which was very quick. The décor inside is quite quaint and cute, I must say. Not to mention the meal itself was fantastic. Definitely recommend trying the sizzling rice soup or their tangerine chicken, you'll love it!笑
Love this place! Great food, some of the BEST Chinese food I have eatin in a while.笑
This is by far the best Chinese food in the valley. The pan fried noodles and sesame chicken are AWESOME!!!! I eat here at least once a week.笑
Ordered chicken chip suey. Paid $3.50 extra for extra vegetables. Asked for no mushrooms, but extra celery. 
Ya, got 85% bean sprouts, 15% chicken and vegetables...笑
Ate here for the first time this past weekend.  Order some take out for my friend and I.  We both had the spicy chicken with veggies.  The food was ready to go when I arrived and tasted delicious!!笑
If you're craving Chinese (or good food for that matter), check out Desert Jade. I came here on my lunch hour. Service was attentive and food came out really fast. The crowd starting really coming in at noon so I just missed it by coming in a little after 11AM. I ordered the lunch portion of the chicken broccoli, which also came with a scoop or rice and an egg roll. Hot tea is also available at each table. I really enjoyed the food and my experience. I will be back!笑
5 stars all day every day. My family has been dining at Desert Jade for about 15 years, and never have we been disappointed. Not once. Not even close. We typically order lettuce wraps, and sizzling rice soup to start. Then a few entrées for everyone to share. I think we have tried the whole menu! I used to order certain items to be a dick.. like the worst sounding stuff on the menu, but the joke was on me because many of them became family favorites (hint: you MUST get the asparagus). All the food we've ordered was fresh. Wait staff is always on point. The prices are more than reasonable. Best Chinese food I've had. Nobody else is even in the same ballpark. I am not sure what those few people who left poor reviews were on.. probably meth. I imagine them eating lots of kraft mac n cheese with cut up hotdog in it, and a side of ketchup.. They just don't know quality. DJ till I die bitch-笑
always super fresh and fast... and gluten free!   great neighborhood find.  yay!!笑
Here is the deal, I love Chinese food.  I love it so much that I try to check out newer or older places in the hopes that they are the good stuff... the real deal... the place you think of when you crave Chinese even if you aren't close.  This is that place for me.  Every single thing I have ordered here has been fantastic.  I have been here many many times but just getting around to reviewing it.  In fact Ive been coming here before I even knew I was coming here.  Let me explain:

When I was wee tike and living in Michigan I came to visit my grandparents once a year in Scottsdale.  My grandfather used to take us to this Chinese restaurant because it was his favorite.   For at least two decades after he passed my mother and I scoured the valley because we could not remember the name or area it was in.  It wasn't until recently that I raved about this place and took my parents here that my mother gasped, for she remembered every detail about it.  Lo and behold it was Desert Jade.  Not only my grandfathers favorite Chinese joint in the entire valley but mine as well.  

Desert Jade is legitimate.  They care about their customers and have been around for decades in a small place that is not particularly easy to park in.  Yet its always packed and for very good reason.  I love you Desert Jade and will continue to eat here every opportunity I can.  Thanks for the memories.笑
This is my mom's favorite place to go for Chinese food. She loves their egg foo young!  I think I have been coming to desert Jade since I was at least 20 years old so the place is been there at least 23 years. Service is good.  It's dependable Chinese food.  We used to come here on our lunch breaks when I worked with my mom.  Fond memories.笑
ive been coming here for years, the place hasnt changed. great food, great customer service.笑
I have eaten here more times than I can remember and each time has been delicious and satisfying. I stick with my favorites a big bowl of wonton soup-no wontons with sizzling rice, occasional eggroll and the perfectly brewed hot tea. Perfect anytime day or night. There are many other items I've had but none are as good as their soup. 1 star off due to outdated decor, but the service, food and wait times are always great. Note to motorists, getting out of the parking lot to head west on Indian School borders on suicide.笑
This place defines Chinese food!  Delicious, fast and hot - great service with attentive staff.  Try the kung-poa chicken or stick with the won-ton suop because it is all so good sometimes you wish it was all you can eat so you will never have to leave!  Yes this place is good stuff!笑
My mom got a suggestion from one of her friends to come and eat at this place. We were feeling in a Chinese kind of mood, so we thought: what the heck?

I've never been to this place before, but I've passed it several times. I was excited to try something new and review another place.

As soon as we pulled into the parking lot, I noticed that there were a lot of people parked out front. I took that as a good sign.

We walked in to the restaurant and I was surprised at how nice it looked inside! I've been to several Chinese restaurants where inside has pink wall paper, and an assortment of Chinese-type figures all over, and out-dated look, with a huge fish tank in the "wait-to-be-seated" area. No, this one was pretty snazzy! Another plus. 

We sit down and our waitress was very nice. She was very cordial, not too chatty. We ordered the honey dipped barbeque chicken and the cream cheese wontons for the appetizer. The chicken thing was good, but there was hardly any cream cheese in the wonton. It was almost just fried dough. 

We ordered our entrees. Sweet and sour pork, chicken and another chicken plate. I thought that it would have come with rice (the menu said it did) but only the plate of egg rice came out (which we ordered). 

The price was reasonable. Not too expensive. It was very filling too. The place was okay. It was better than a lot of other Chinese food places out there, but at the same time it was kind of the same. You know? 

Anyway, I wouldn't rush back to this place. But I would tell others that it's got "OK" Chinese food.笑
"2 stars for disappointing food, one star for great service."

Had I read Iain B's review prior to my dinner at Desert Jade the other night, I could've saved us $46.  

Instead, my husband and future yelper sister Alexa M and I headed down Indian School road in search for some decent Chinese food.  We were all pretty hungry and it was my bright idea to try a new place.  We passed by Shanghai Chinese and actually pulled into the parking lot of another restaurant (maybe China Village?) but decided since the parking lot was close to empty, that was not a good sign.  So, somehow we ended up at Desert Jade.

Ivan was our server and he was fantastic.  I just wish I could say the same about the food... 

Unfortunately, the egg drop soup, Kung Pao Vegetables, Spicy Chicken, and Beef and Asparagus dishes were nothing to write home about... all were mediocre.

Next time, I'll go to one of our regular spots instead... or at the very least, I'll check the Yelp reviews before wasting time and money.  You live and learn... they cannot all compete with Tottie's or Jade Palace!笑
Sadly, I have not been impressed with the Chinese food offered here in Phoenix. 

I had high hopes for Desert Jade and was hoping the food had improved from Gabi's 3-star review back in 2009, but I was not impressed and it seems that the reviews range widely here. 

The three food items we tried tasted fresh, but were seriously lacking in flavor. 

The Wor Won Ton Soup came with a generous serving of shrimp, pork, and beef pieces and vegetables, but the wontons were dense balls of dough that, as another reviewer mentioned, tasted more like gnocchi rather than meat-filled wontons. 

The Beef with Broccoli came with the thinest sauce I've ever had that had the flavor and consistency of beef broth. The beef was a tad overcooked and the broccoli was limp from being overcooked. 

The Chicken Chow Mein was the biggest disappointment as I was looking forward to the big, fat soft noodles that I have enjoyed and every other Chinese restaurant I've ever dined!! The lady on the phone said "Pan fried?" when I ordered, which I guess I was supposed to know meant, "Be prepared for thin, vermicelli-type noodles." Again, no real flavor to the chow mein dish, though the chicken was tender. 

On the plus side, the service was friendly and the food was ready quickly. I just wish the food was up to par with the service.笑
The best Chinese in town !!! I have been going here since I can remember. The food always tastes the same and friendly staff. They have the best Sizzling Rice Soup and Sesame Chicken!笑
Great food great service. 

Sizzling rice soup is THE Bomb!  

Potstickers are top notch.  And they will change anything anyway you want it.  So win win.笑
I order take out every time,. Always polite and order is to my liking. I love some Pepper Steak and theirs remind me of the one from a favorite of mine from Chicago restaurant.  I definitely recommend this place for good Chinese.笑
Great Old School feel to the place. Clean, precision service and the sweet & sour pork was very good. Not the best I ever had, but very good. This was my first time and will go back again to find my favorite dish at the Desert Jade.笑
Parking is a little  difficult  there. I found another  dish that everyone should  try it is the fruit  salad with chicken in top portions  are a little  small but their food is very tasty笑
I just love little places like Desert Jade, too cute!!  It had the charm of a restaurant back in the midwest. We started off with the pork dumplings, very moist and tasty. Just one negative a friend had the curry chicken it was a little too bland.  Overall I would definitely suggest this restaurant.笑
I have been coming here for about 15 years, and every time the food is pretty consistent. I don't remember a time when it was not good. Now understandably, this is not "genuine" Chinese food, but rather very decent "americanized" Chinese food. You will find the old take-out standbys here: Mongolian beef, lo mein noodles, hot & sour soup, etc. The decor has remained pretty much the same with its velvet red booths, dim lighting, and large mirrors. I wish the fireplace worked for those cold nights (wait, what cold nights?!? you know what I mean), and that they ran a duster over the windows. You receive free tea with your meal which is always a plus. I can't really comment on too many dishes as I only really get the Mu Shu which is delicious and they prepare it for you at the table. 

The only bizarre thing I experienced here was when we ordered a large bowl of sweet and sour soup for the whole table but we couldn't finish it all, so we requested a to-go container for it. The waitress said they could not give it to us as a take home for some bizarre confusing reason we couldn't make out. Then she wanted to argue about it even though were were just going to let it go. It was like someone telling you that you can't take home buffet leftovers (which is understandable for obvious reasons), but this was not a free refillable menu item and we had paid for an entire large bowl. So we couldn't figure out what they were going to do with the soup, pour it out? Overall, I'll probably pop in here and there, but I will finish my soup next time! I recommend the hot pot, everyone loves cooking food at their table! The service, except for that one time, is always excellent.笑
Loved the atmosphere.  Favorite thing lightly battered asparagus, but everything was delicious.  Very friendly staff.  Will return again and again.笑
Ordered takeout from here this evening. The food was comparable to any other Chinese place I've been however I did have a few issues that will keep me running back in the future. 

When our order arrived the juice had spilled all over the plastic bag that it was in. And by spilled I mean pooled in the bottom, it was significant. We ordered the cream cheese rangoons and they were terrible - the worst I have ever had. The first one I bit into had zero cream cheese (literally) and the remaining had a smudged of cold cream cheese that looked like it just came out of the container. 

For dinner we had the Mongolian beef and garlic chicken with mushrooms. Both were delicious. However, I am a huge Rangoon fan and as pathetic as it sounds, I won't be back for that reason. There are way too many great Chinese places in Phoenix to only be enjoying half my meal.笑
Ordered out for delivery a few nights ago and wasn't disappointed! Food was fresh, good quality and the price is just right.笑
I have lived down the street for over a year and passed this restaurant every day. My boyfriend and I decided to eat here on Wednesday and it was absolutely wonderful. I had the Walnut Shrimp and the flavor was amazing!笑
My favorite restaurant in the city of Phoenix! Give this a try today, you won't regret it.笑
The only reason I am giving this place a 3 star is because of the service, it was fantastic, but the food on the other hand... wasn't so great.

Me and a friend started out with the Bo bo platter. The Spring rolls were average, the BBQ beef had almost no flavor, and the other things were mediocre.

My main course was Sesame Chicken with fried rice. It didn't taste a thing like sesame chicken, it literally tasted like soy sauce stir fried and green onions. 

I walked out with a 40 dollar tab for 2 and i was terribly disappointed, the only reason i had even gone was because of the reviews :(笑
I cannot in good faith recommend this restaurant.   This is definitely the low end of Chinese food for Phoenix.   Normally I'd try a place more than once, but, in this case... Not going to happen.笑
I searched here for best Hot & Sour soup in Phoenix today because I am sick with flu. Was not disappointed!!! The soup is the best i've ever had... Big chunks of shrimp, mushrooms, and just the right amount of spicy. I imagine it's good when you're well, but if you're not... Get here for a delicious bowl of sweet relief笑
Went on a Friday night to order a Togo order here. The staff was very friendly as well as helpful. Had a glass of wine while we waited. Wish I would've gotten the servers name because he was very kind. We ordered pork chow mien as well as spicy shrimp with vegetables. Both were very good, much better than we've had before in Phoenix. Both dishes were prepared to perfection. We would definitely recommend this place to anyone who wants some tasty Chinese.笑
I ordered the chicken chow mein and thought it was rather tasty. It was a little bit greasy but definitely full of flavor. I didn't try anything else on the menu so as of now, I believe this is a fair rating. I would definitely come here again and try other things on the menu. I did like how clean it was inside which is sometimes rare in mom and pop restaurants around here...笑
My girlfriend and I put the top down on the convertible and let our noses guide us to dinner.  About a block away from Desert Jade, we could smell the unmistakable smell of Asian food, and our minds were made up.

As we walked in the door, we were greeted quickly and brought to our table immediately.  Hot tea and ice water were on the table in seconds.  We each ordered off the Kitchen Specials section of the menu, not knowing the portion size.  Faster than I had anticipated, we had two large plates of food on our table, and a bowl with a heaping portion of fried rice as our side.  

As we ate, we couldn't decide which dish we liked better.  Both were amazingly fresh and meaty, with minimal breading (as it should be!) and maximum flavor.  While we both would've appreciated the sauces to be a bit thicker, they were not lacking.

After eating our fill (only about half), we took the rest home for a guaranteed excellent lunch tomorrow.  We will be back!笑
My mom and I recently started on a quest for the best po po platter in Phoenix. So naturally we ended up here. With the amazing reviews and extremely high prices I was ready to be impressed. I was not. In fact, this was what my mom called "the worst American Chinese food I've had in my life". The food was bland and greasy, to the point where we felt so bad that we took the majority of our overpriced entrees to our house just to throw it out. The po po platter (which they called a Bo Bo platter?) was dry and the plum sauce accompanying it was watery. My sweet and sour chicken, was tough and cold. The meat, not covered in what would be a sweet red sauce, was snow White. My mothers 'Desert Jade Shrimp' was, as she said, "only covered in butter". The only two good things in this restaurant  was the Mai Tais and the service. I was appalled by this meal. It was not worth the trip.笑
My second time in this month! This time I tried the seasame chicken. It was great! The service was super fast...we were in and out in 30 mins. I couldn't eat everything so I got a to go box. The server was awesome and put another fresh scoop of fried rice in the box for me. Can't beat the prices either. Right by my house so I will for sure be back. Being new to the area I found my go to place for Chinese cuisine.笑
WORST FOOD EVER!! 

I went there for their lunch specials and got the sweet and sour chicken. 

The egg roll was great, but the sweet and sour chicken was horrible. The sauce had no flavor and ruined my entire dish. Depending on your liking, the there were very thick peices of chicken within the dish with very little breading. I personal enjoy breading with my sweet and sour chicken.笑
Seriously, where's the flavor?  I went there for the first time yesterday and, based on previous review,s I was expecting something wonderful.  NOT!  First, I ordered wor wonton soup.  I had to add so much salt to get any flavor out of the broth.  Yes, there were plenty of vegetables and shrimp, but nothing had any flavor.  The "wontons" were more like gnocchi.  Then came my chicken chow mein.  More bean sprouts than chicken and, again, needed so much salt.  UGH!  Needless to say I'll continue my search throughout the Valley for excellent Chinese food.笑
I love this place. "Kung Pow" Shrimp is to die for.笑
Was a little leery about trying Desert Jade for dinner last night. The building on the outside looks old and the half lit sign was not inspiring confidence, but I have been craving Chinese and my hubby and I always go past it it and stare curiously.

Lets be clear here, this is NOT an authentic, or anywhere close Chinese restaurant. This is a good old fashioned American Chinese joint, keeping that in mind we tried the Sweet and Sour Pork, Singapore Rice Noodles and Sauteed Shrimp.

The food came out FAST, I mean in 10 minutes after ordering we had our first dish on the table. It was hot and fresh, no rewarmed in the microwave junk. The pork was lovely, big chunks of tender battered pork in that great artificial red sauce which was tangy with just the right amount of sweet. The pork was accompanied by nice sized chunks of pineapple and green peppers that still had some crunch, not cooked to oblivion.

The Singapore Rice Noodles came in a huge portion, probably enough to feed 4 people. Perfectly done thin rice noodles with lots of shrimp and pork tossed together with a wonderful curry sauce. Not at all greasy or over sauced. We took more than half of the dish home for delicious leftovers.

The shrimp dish consisted of a good sized plate of very lightly battered shrimp sauteed with chili peppers and large cut green onions. It looks deceivingly simple but has wonderful flavor much light salt and pepper shrimp but with much less mess as they don't need to be peeled. The server asked us how hot we wanted the dish so we went with a 5/10, we ended up with a nice blend of flavor and heat that was a gentle medium for us. 

The service was fast and friendly, the restaurant itself is very clean, it looks like it recently got a new coat of paint. Overall for the price the food is quite a good deal.

Oh yes in response to another Yelpers review in where he noted all the elderly in the restaurant and wondered if there was a retirement home in the area. Yes there are like 3 of them in very close proximity!笑
Hot and sour soup is amazing!! I have eaten here many times and have never been disappointed. The food and service is excellent!!!!笑
Wonderful food and staff!  I cannot believe I haven't been here yet. New local favorite for sure!笑
One of the few Chinese places I will frequent. Not only is the food great but the service is great, food comes out quickly as well. Try the tangerine chicken you won't regret it.笑
Nuthin better after a few fun games of bowling down the street than a good Chinese meal at my favorite Chinese restaurant!   LOL  By the way, make sure to try their Chinese vegetables--they're authentic and delicious!笑
I've been coming to Desert Jade for 12+ years now and have had great experiences each time. The decor hasn't changed in all those years, looking more like a Scottish hunting lodge than a Chinese restaurant, which is always amusing. The restaurant is family owned and has been for 20+ years, with friendly waiters and some of the speediest service I have ever experienced. If you're hungry, this is the place to go to get your meal quickly. 

They have a huge variety of items on the menu, but my favorites include the sizzling rice soup (the owner has told me the rice is fried daily and is always delicious!), and the chicken fruit salad to start off as appetizers. People always seem a little put off by the combo of chicken and fruit, but I promise it is one of the best things you'll try in the restaurant. The chicken lettuce wraps are refreshing, very tasty yet light. The lemon chicken is zesty, though a little heavy on the sauce, so make sure to mix it with your rice. 

I really love supporting smaller, family owned places around the valley and Desert Jade has always been a gem.笑
Oh Desert Jade...how I love thee. The food here is so good, eat in or take out. The service is friendly and attentive and the prices are pretty good. Whenever we are in the mood for Chinese, this is the place we go to. Oh! And it is one of the few places around that I know of that has sizzling rice soup which is yummy, yummy!!笑
Good Chinese! Sesame chicken is my favorite and the egg rolls are scrumptious. Been coming here for 10+ years, they always remember you! :)  Parking can be a hassle during the lunch hours, but hey, that's a good sign! It's delicious!笑
This is the best American Chinese food we have had in the valley. Anytime we want great Chinese food, we drive here. It's out of the way but we'll worth the drive. Today I ordered the Peking Pork & House fried rice. My GF had the sweet & sour chicken. Each dish was amazing and worth adding to your next dining experience. The service is always exceptional. This is our favorite place for American Chinese food.笑
We like to pick food up from here and it's fast, convenient and delicious! We like to eat at the restaurant, too and always receive excellent service!笑
Recommended by a local.  The food was meh.  I had lemon chicken which was sitting in a sickeningly sweet sauce and bland fried rice, M. had beef and broccoli which was chewy and fatty.  The broccoli was nice and green and tasty.  The hot tea was meh.  Overall, meh.笑
The service was great! Our server was the right amount of attentive and helpful. 

We ordered the sizzling rice soup, pretty good- and the large is enough for probably 4 people to share. 

Walnut Shrimp = Mayo shrimp ... For those of you reading this that have not tried this amazing Chinese/American psuedo dish, it is one of my favorites. I am a HUGE fan of authentic food from all ethnicities, but every now and then I like to fall back on something like this. My grandma might not have eaten this in China but it is damn good regardless. But I digress- Try it. You like it. 

We also got the barbecue pork with veggies. I like snow peas and there were also baby carrots, bean sprouts, and carrots. I thought it was great. 

If you like spicy- ask for the chili oil. I like it on everything. 

To address some of the reviews that made reference to it being expensive. I don't know where Chinese food go the reputation of being cheap. Maybe it was from all the buffets scattered throughout the state. But Chinese food isn't 'that' cheap when going to a decent sit down type place. Our tab was about $35 for 2 people. This included 1 beer and we had leftovers.笑
My spicy tofu and vegetable dish was very bland and I trashed most of it because it was a to go order (to eat at home). I had even asked for it to be a 7.5 out of 10 for the hot/spicy level and it wasn't spicy at all. I think my friend got a shrimp dish with fried rice and she thought it was all awful and she  trashed hers too. It was a total waste of our money and when I called the restaurant they said I had to bring it all back to get any kind of a credit. I wasn't about to dig through the trash. Needless to say, they've lost my business forever.笑
You can't go wrong here  .. they have been around for more than 30 years, same free standing "Hunters" house decor inside the dining room , but always GREAT FOOD !  open til 11:00pm,  best place in the neighborhood , Owners are super friendly . ! great place for take out service weekly !   totally recommend the (  HUGH ) Shrimp Egg foo young, feeds 2 !笑
My go to neighborhood Chinese place! Try the chow mein, it's amazing. The service is also wonderful.笑
Food was pretty good! Had the house noodle soup (not on the menu), was good, a bit bland for my taste but it wasn't bad at all. Had shrimp, chicken, and beef. My son also ordered the shrimp and lobster sauce lunch special (he's 9), and he LOVED it. He went on and on that it was the best Chinese he has ever eaten. That's why I gave it 4 stars instead of 3 which I would have given for my food, because I did try the shrimp and lobster sauce....it was very very good!! 

All in all I would say it was definitely a good experience and I would go back and explore the menu again.笑
Phoenix isn't famous for Chinese food so imagine my shock when I was taken here. I almost started to dig my heels in at the door in hopes that we could go somewhere else. Good thing I didn't. I was surprised that they have pretty darn good food and the customer service was top notch. If I'm in the mood for Chinese in Phoenix, I'll definitely go back here. 

The only reason for 4 instead of 5 stars is because there's another Chinese place that is 1 star better than Desert Jade but I can't remember the freakin' name of the place. Nor what street it's on. Nor what it looks like. Damn those missing brain cells.笑
I get the Singapore rice noodles takeout once in a while and I am always happy with my food.

The Singapore noodles are good and they come with shrimp and pork. They are the drier version of this dish (not swimming in sauce), which I prefer. I also don't really like shrimp and they substitute the shrimp with chicken.

I always get take out so i can't comment on a dining experience, but the take out is always fast and ready to go when they say it will be.

Good food, fast friendly service.笑
Delicious Food, Wonderful Service 

 I recently went to Desert Jade for lunch and was welcomed with a friendly smile when I walked in the restaurant. I was seated almost immediately and greeted by my server with water and a smile. 

Everything was tasty and plentiful. The Mongolian beef was particularly good.  The Mongolian beef is delicately sliced, very lean, flavorful, and melts in your mouth. My fellow "yelpers" this is Mongolian beef perfection. I couldn't find a single flaw, I just couldn't and now my mouth is watering.

Desert Jade has very affordable prices and the portions are great.  The staff is incredibly nice, friendly, gracious and accommodating and the service is second to none. In addition, Desert Jade offers terrific lunch and dinner specials. 

Overall I was really happy with the quality, quantity, and the service that was given to me!笑
Been going there for years, my parents favorite. The food is quite good, a bit too American for me but OK. Service is good, lady owner is very friendly and she will remember you. Decor is a bit old and rooms are a bit dark, they should freshen it up a bit. Moo shu pork is my favorite, veggie dish is good, boo boo platter is OK.笑
Holy general Tso's ghost. How did I not discover this place before? So I was in my office and had a wicked craving for Chinese food. But the only place I knew of was Panda Express on 40th and Thomas... I'd rather eat my shoe with siracha than that panda. So I turned to the break room to see what fliers or menus were posted on the cork board... And Lo an behold ... Desert Jade. 
It was not far at all doe my office and said what the hell I'll try it out. Drove over and liked that it was quiet and quaint. Not to over the top with typical Chinese restaurant decor... I couldn't find any Buddha statues or that annoying waving cat that you can't help but poke it's paw. It was very relaxed and cozy. 
Immediately they brought out water and hot tea... The hot tea by itself with no sugar is awsome. Not sure what kind of tea it is, green maybe or ginger, don't know don't care, it was good. 
The lunch menu is very inexpensive and very plentiful portions. I ordered the sweet and sour pork with fried rice. It was very rich in flavor for a classic lunch time go to. The fried rice was simple and didn't have crazy extras like bamboo shoots or bean sprouts. Two hearty scoops of fried rice and an egg roll plus my swee and sowa pohkk ... Great food and very hearty portions and left with a bill less than $10 with tip. Can't get that at panda, and unlike Panda, it didn't do the express blowout 30 minutes later in the office bathroom. Great little place hidden off indian school. Will definitely be going back.笑
lettuce wraps! their version is so on point that PF Chang's has nothing on them. the filling, the lettuce, and the sauce is so on point! It's so good that I can just feast on the 8-9 wraps served on the platter and not even bother ordering anything else. Oh and their hot tea is super flavorful. bravo Desert Jade for keeping it good! :)笑
First I must say it was wild to walk inside of a Chinese Restaurant and find a bar.....a decently stocked bar. Even though we didn't order anything alcoholic; it was nice to know we had the option. The place was decently decorated. We ordered several Egg rolls, Spicy Beef & Sesame Chicken. I was surprised that my Sesame chicken looked like a half of an entire chicken. It was pretty good & we did have a lot of food!!! The service was really good & we didn't have to ask for anything. For all the food we received the $30.00 wasn't much.笑
Great!  Our favorite Chinese restaurant in Phoenix.  Staff is extremely courteous.  Try the jade chow mien and salt and pepper pork.笑
Hidden gem. I stopped in 30 min before closing. They treated me with such amazing customer service and never mentioned the time. Food?  Fabulous. I had Sizzling Rice Chicken. Everything was fresh--mushrooms, peas, etc. I asked if they could make it spicy--"no problem!"  It was perfect. In addition to red chiles they added sliced jalapeño peppers. It was fabulous!!!笑
I went to Desert Jade for dinner after a day of baseball.  I have to be gluten free so that generally means that Chinese food is out for me (most soy sauce has wheat as the second ingredient listed).  Desert Jade made almost all of its dishes with gluten free soy sauce so I was able to order a wide variety.  It was really good food and excellent service.  The hot sour soup was some of the best I have ever had,and I have had it all over the country.  The sizzling rice shrimp was also superior.  I will definitely be adding this to my list of restaurants that I must visit on my next trip to Phoenix.笑
Love it here. Come regularly now lol thanks to everyone on yelp. Great food cheap price great service. Tho not 100 percent authentic Chinese food still great笑
Best Chinese food in AZ!  Great atmosphere, wonderful staff, & delicious food! The mandarin style bean curd is my favorite!笑
Worst Chinese food I've ever eaten. The fried rice was squished together like steamed rice and flavorless. Moo shu beef  I could give 2.5/5. I ordered the Kung pao chicken with extra spice, I give it a 0/5. The chicken had no flavor. It was not spicy, and the dish had what tasted like a brown gravy on it. If you want unpalatable Chinese, save your money and go to Panda Express.笑
The best place ever love all of the food its all ways very fresh and hot.. I keep tell friends about this place better then all the rest.笑
I was disappointed with the quality of food. The won tons were very bland, and the main dish was doused in this weird peanut sauce that completely covered the flavor of shrimp, broccoli, chicken, beef, and the other vegetables in it. The pork ribs were also just bland. It's an alright restaurant, but I probably won't return because nothing impressed me.笑
I had driven by this place at least twice a day on my way to and from work and always thought it was one of those shady Chinese places that would end up on the news for at least three years. And then one day I had a craving for Chinese did a search for the nearest Chinese restaurant and this place popped up. The ratings were fantastic, so I thought I should give it a try. 

I placed an order to go, went to pick it up, parked my car and opened the door...it was an OASIS inside! I have to say, I was fooled by the outside.. The food is awesome. I usually get the Moo Shu Pork and my husband gets something new and we share. Everything is so good and, most importantly, you don't get that ill feeling (that sometimes Chinese food seems to make you feel, you know what I mean the "I just ate a ton of grease and my day is shot" feeling). 

We have been regulars for a couple of years now and I couldn't recommend it enough.笑
This place would have gotten five stars because the food was delicious, but the customer service was terrible. I ordered my food to go, so when I arrived to pick it up, I stood in front of the guy at the counter for at least two minutes. He didn't look up or acknowledge me whatsoever. He was going through all of the orders so far from that night. It would have been one thing if they were getting ready to close, but it was about 7:30 and they were open for two more hours. Finally, after standing there staring at him and feeling really uncomfortable, I interrupted him to tell him I was there to pick up an order. He looked annoyed, asked my name, and then told me what I owed. There were two to go orders sitting on the counter and he didn't even tell me which one was mine. After I paid, he went right back to doing what he was doing before, so I had to ask him which one was mine. I got home and enjoyed the items that were ordered. The jade fried rice (delicious and full of meat), king pao dual (great flavor, spicy, big shrimp), and the tangerine chicken. Tangerine chicken was good, but my least favorite of the three. If I decide to go back, I hope their employees actually decide to greet and acknowledge their customers this time. Customer service goes a long way in my book.笑
The fried shrimp was good, but the chow mein was flavorless.笑
The food is great and the service is even better. The waitress accommodated my seafood allergy by checking with the chef before placing our order.笑
Hooray! I may have found my dish here!

I came back on a Friday night at dinnertime. The weird, empty atmosphere was replaced with the chatter of other tables and several bustling waitstaff.

For appetizers we ordered egg rolls and fried wontons. Not the highlight of the meal, but they were pretty cheap, so whatever.

For my meal I ordered a spicy chicken dish and added vegetables because I can't just eat a plate of saucy fried food without something healthy. This meant my dish was pretty expensive, but it was 2 meals worth, so worth it. The chicken was perfectly crunchy on the outside, tender inside, and the vegetables were still a little crunchy and a good mix. Ordering it at heat level 6 was perfect for me, though I ate around a few jalapeños because it would have kicked it up to an 8.

The servers were very attentive, and my water glass was always full. The lady who sat us and brought the food was like a fussy mother, in a good way, as she rearranged the plates and glasses to make more food fit on the table.

It was so good, I boxed half of it up so I wouldn't look like a pig, then I finished it as soon as I got home.笑
I don't know how I haven't written a review yet, this is my family's go to for yummy Chinese cuisine. 

The egg rolls are a must have, if you're a first timer, get the Bobo platter. WORTH IT! 

I have been coming here for years, and I'm only in my early 20s. It's a staple for delicious food,  I have never been disappointed.

If you like spice, I would suggest getting the tangerine chicken with the sauce on the side extra spicy. You'll thank me later, it's superb. 

They also have complimentary tea that is always delicious, their prices are reasonable and the staff is the best.  

Do yourself a favor and make a reservation if you're a big party. They fill fast on Friday and Saturday nights!笑
There is only one reason to go here.  The sizzling rice soup and nothing else. The soup is great,  might be best in town.  Service is not good, the place needs a facelift really bad, and  is not the cleanest place ever. But hey,  I guess I am overlooking all the negatives for the soup笑
I have been in Arizona for 6 years now and have not been happy with any Chinese food that I have tried until last night. My boyfriend and I went for dinner and it was AMAZING! The food was great and the service was amazing. Everyone was very helpful and made the evening a good experience with good food. I would recommend the beef and broccoli.笑
This is the best chinese restaurant in Phoenix. They have the best chow mein  and every dish on the menu is a smash.笑
Very mediocre Chinese. Not much to really write about here but I'll definitely not ever eat from here again, not because anything was wrong just simply because it's very sub par food and a waste of my calories.笑
I am always up to try new Chinese places but most of times I have been disappointed.  My friend invited me to lunch and said this place was one of the best and despite the 118 Degree weather outside, this place was great.  We ordered fried wontons which were cooked to perfection, the crispiness of the chips was like nothing I had before.  The sauces and ingredients were above par too.  I ordered my usual sesame chicken and was blown away by  such a great dish.  
The fried rice was not as impressive and might have just kept the visit from being perfect.  

Definitely looking forward to their takeout soon!笑
We decided to try this place after reading a good review about it in the New Times.  I would actually give this place atleast 3.5 stars but it doesn't give me that option.  Anyway, I agree with one of the other posters that this place seems kind of shady when you drive past it but don't judge a book by its cover.  The inside is a throwback to Chinese restaurants of the 70's...dimly-lit, plush-covered booths, stuffed birds in the window..you'll know what i'm talking about when you go inside.  Anyway the service was good and the food was just ok.  The lo mein had good flavor but was a bit greasy.  I think I just ordered the wrong thing, so we're going to give this place another chance.笑
Hot & Sour soup was awesome! Lemon Chicken, Chow Mien and Moo Shi were great...but...DON'T get the Mongolian Beef! It was horrible...might as well have ordered baby food-bland beef. They don't even put the hot red peppers in it...completely tasteless. Bleh. 
Service was good and I would come back.笑
This is hands down the best Chinese food in the valley. A true hidden gem. Fantastic food, great portions.笑
I love the spicy eggplant here. Its not super spicy so I add hot mustard, but its way yummy. The eggplant is tender, flavorful and melts in your mouth without being mushy. My friend had the Desert Jade Egg Fu Yung and she said it was amazing. The service is good, quick and efficient. Overall a great place to get your chinese food fix.