Mizuki is the epitome of great customer service! If you're lucky enough to stumble into this North Mississauga gem, you're likely going to be greeted by the restaurant's manager/owner! She is absolutely fantastic, and treats all restaurant patrons with great respect and dignity. The warm and positive energy is absolutely infectious. 

As per the food, I think this is the best you can get in terms of teriyaki in Mississauga/Peel Region. While the teriyaki plate options are limited, it is very fairly priced (~$10), tasty, and quick-to-order. 

The restaurant itself is in great shape, and the ambiance is nice for a quick lunch or a post-work snack. The employees work very hard to keep the restaurant in pristine shape, and always keep the customers engaged as orders are being attended to.Ǿ
Updating my review because they are happy to accommodate my salad in a seperate container, and the owners are really really nice. 

Also the food is great but only reason I took a star is because portions are on the small sideǾ
Love this place so much. Lisa, the owner, knows a good majority of her customers by name, and greets them as soon as they walk in the door. The menu is brief but has a lot of options for meat and fish lovers. 

The chicken Katsu is a favourite of mine, I get it almost every time we go. The potions are a great size and all their sauces are also made in house.

Give this place a try, you won't be disappointed.Ǿ
I LOVE Mizuki, it is the best restaurant in the Meadowvale area.  Everything is fresh, clean to order and always  tastes delicious.   My favourite is the chicken katzu, but the teriaki bowl and noodle bowls are also great.  For take out, you can also call ahead to get what you want and avoid waiting when you get there.  The only problem is I can never decide whether to get the mild or spicy sauce.

Give it a try, you won't be disappointed!Ǿ
Love this place!! Chicken Katsu is something I crave on the regular. Owner is super friendly and truly values her customers. Nice clean plate, clean food and fair prices for what you get!Ǿ
Food is fairly bland. I ordered the noodles with steak.  Noodles seemed to be a little dry and hard, as it was possibly there for a while.

Owner seems to know her customers and chats with them and it's very endearing.

Overall limited menu, and bland.Ǿ
Simple Japanese food that tastes great. Very good customer service. The menu is good overallǾ
Not worth the $8 for the tasteless veggie bowl that was steamed broccoli with nothing on it a lotus root with a drizzle of teriyaki and some white rice. Don't bother.Ǿ
Consistently good chicken katsu, which is all I ever order. The owner is always there and always greeting you with a smile. She's as wonderful as the chicken katsu her restaurant makes. This is my go-to spot!Ǿ
My husband and I stumbled across Mizuki one Saturday and decided to have dinner.  We are so very pleased that we did because the food is absolutely delicious.  Their Terriyaki chicken meals (coated or not) are magnificent and their fresh and crispy side salad is lightly dressed with a dressing that is to like nothing we have tasted before; we even ordered some to take home because it was excellent.

Their menu is just right, not huge and confusing.  You get really excellent tasting fresh food, good portions, well priced and all served by a very pleasant owner in a lovely and clean atmosphere.

Liza the owner/operator greets you and makes you feel at home and very welcome while you wait for your meal to either take home or to sit down and enjoy; they also serve beer and wine which was a nice touch.

A real Gem of a restaurant that we will continue to go to on a regular basis and recommend to our family and friends.Ǿ
I just found this great little place in north Mississauga. I've never noticed it till today and I'm really happy I found it. It's located just south of the 401 on Winston Churchill. It's right in the area where they have Walmart, Rona, and Starbucks. It specializes in teriyaki only and it's freshly made as you order.  The portions, taste, and quality are really really good. It's not quite fast food but it's not a restaurant either. You do go up and order but they bring out the meals to you once they're done cooking it. 

They greet you as you come in with smiling faces. They're constantly cleaning the table tops (it's a pristine clean place). And as I mentioned, the quality and portions are great. It's clear they take pride in what they do.  For about $10 to $12, you get a large tasty portion of meat (sirloin steak, chicken teriyaki, salmon teriyaki, chicken katsu, or yakisoba), large salad, and rice. The spicy teriyaki sauce wasn't a cloying brown sludge. You can see the individual spices and it was high on flavour (I didn't get the dreaded MSG or salt hit from other places). It doesn't taste frozen and the dressings taste homemade. For a Friday, it was pretty busy so we had to wait about 5 minutes at our table to get our food but it was worth it! Far better than the lousy Japanese Teriyaki fast food places.Ǿ
Amazing food.  I got the Grilled Steak Teriyaki today with salad.  Steak is tender and yummy!  Always consistent quality and service!   Highly recommend.