I've had many Thai foods but THIS place knows what real Thai food is all about. Amazing quality and service.  Glad it's close to home ... highly recommended.Ǿ
OK so I ventured into the world of Tom Yum Noodles... Completely Dissapointed.  Bland and too oily.  The good .. Level of spiciness.  Their Strawberry Bubble tea was o..k... I guess kinda dry and. Tarty.Ǿ
As far as Thai "fast food" goes, this is one of the better ones out there.

Their lunch specials - your choice from 8 or 9 different items, all for $7.99, is amazing! For an addition nominal fee, you can add a spring roll and change from white rice to brown rice.

The store has always been spotless when I've gone in. You approach the counter, order and within 5-10 minutes the dish is brought to your table. On my last visit I ordered from their menu (rather than a lunch special)...General Tao Chicken (not really a Thai dish). For $8.99 I got a fairly large bowl of chicken tossed with vegetables, and a side of white rice. I was pleasantly surprised at how hot (temperature wise) and how tasty it was. Portion size was excellent.

I've been here approx. 8 or 9 times and it has yet to disappoint.Ǿ
We ordered the crispy noodles and rice noodles along with pad thai for take out The crispy noodles were burnt and the rice noodles were clumped . We come here very often and when we told the restaurant how our last order was there was no reaction , just that they said we waited to long to eat it, no customer service. Time to find a new place.Ǿ
Great little lunch place. They have three locations, Toronto, Concord, and Woodbridge, I went to the Woodbridge location. Had the Red Curry Chicken, it was perfect. Very nice mix of spice and heat, juicy chicken and great veg. I've also tried the Basil beef, and the pad thai. The Wonton soup, all were super delish and I'm trying something new every time I go. They have a nice menu. lots to try. Great value!Ǿ
I work close to Mr. Thai, and I love their lunch special! Huge tub of food + spring roll + can of pop for $7-8. I usually can't finish it all at lunch so it also serves as dinner. All for under $10! 
I've had the Chicken Pad Thai, which I really love. The flavour is addictive and makes you want to keep devouring even when you're full! I've also had the General Tso Chicken and like it a LOT, but I should admit this is the only place I've ever had it from so I have no idea if it is authentic or 'right'...it's right to me, though!
The service is quick and the place is clean. Not much more you can ask for from a 'fast food' type place. 
Only downside I can think of is that the daily lunch specials are not posted anywhere, so sometimes my dish of choice would not be on special when I got there. I guess it forced me to try new things, but it would be nice to know what the specials are in advance.Ǿ
Used to be my go to spot when I was working in thw area. I would still pass by from time to time if I'm going to Vaughan Mills though.

Lunch special menu extends to 5pm!! Experienced this once on a sunday as I placed my order at 4:55. Once 5 came dinner menu was up on the plasma sceen

I always get the lunch special which range from $7.25 to $8+ . Whatever you pick comes with 1 spring roll and a can of pop

Additional spring rolls or a side of mango salad can be ordered for $1 a s well.

Service is fast and efficient.  Taste is superb for those price and the place is clean. In fact the manager of food safety from my previous company saw the kitchen and said it was clean.

Have been back and will continue visiting this place.Ǿ
Try the Crispy Noodles! To die for but you gotta add a packet of soy sauce or two cuz it needs the salt. All the fresh veggies and slightly charred noodles...mmmmmm!
Really amazing spring rolls too. 
Great for a quick and inexpensive meal out.Ǿ
Tom yum, soup here is my fave....great on a cold day.