The restaurant and bar look very nice but the food was terrible.  The coconut shrimp were over-cooked and tough and my chicken parmesan was terrible, I hardly ate any of it.  The sandwich looked really good but was very bland and had an "old grease"  taste.  I tried adding salt and pepper but there was no saving it.  The fries had the same old grease taste too.  My husband had the prime rib and he thought it was just OK.  We could overhear other customers complaining about their food too.  I won't be returning.笑
I've eaten here a couple of times. Love the patio dining the most! 
The portions are pretty big. My boyfriend and I can easily split 1 appetizer, 1 salad, 1entree & a dessert and be perfectly satisfied! 

Thumbs up for the veggie chop salad & sea bass.

They have an awesome espresso martini too.笑
Came here for some wine and appetizers but ended up ordering a burger...

Located in a very chill spot away from the Vegas strip, this is where all the Vegas locals go to hang out. The food was OK but the portions were HUGE for appetizers.

It was pretty empty but I thought it was nice to get away from the crowd.  2 bottles of Zinfandel 2 appetizers and an entree for a little over $100.  Not too bad!笑
Very disappointed. I went to the District to shop for a few items. I decided to go here with the intention of having a couple glasses of wine, a snack and play video poker. The bar was  moderately full. It was Friday afternoon around 4pm. I was not acknowledged for a good 20 minutes. During this time I was playing video poker, but kept trying to make eye contact with bartender. Another couple came in after me and were served before me. I just felt invisible. I wanted to order food and and a glass of wine. So, this place must not place any value on "gamers." When I go to other establishments, I am used to getting greeting fairly soon. I would have totally understood if I was welcomed and told I'd be served when they got a chance. With so many other nice restaurants and bars at the District or in Green Valley Ranch, I will not be returning to Presidio.笑
First let me say this was NOT my first choice. Barbeque is what I had on the brain, but we were miles away from a good BBQ joint and Lucille's (right next door) was over an hour wait. So we decided to eat at Presidio's. Bottom line: Don't eat here if you expect good food. 

The first clue that should have turned me around was that we got seated right away. On a Friday night where the parking lot was full, that was a NO, NO! Clue #2 came when I saw a huge bar and a wall of alcohol. It was quite stunning! Nevertheless, drunks can't cook. We choose to ignore all the signs and follow our hostess to a dark lonely corner. 

I ordered the eggplant parmesan and my wife ordered the chicken BLT. She says the BLT was "pretty OK" but nothing special. I asked if she would order it again and she said, "If there wasn't anything else available, then I'd eat it again". Enough said. 

On to the eggplant. Arriving at the table, it looked great but that's where the value ended. The "parm" tasted fishy (letting me know the eggplant and fish are kept next to one another in the refrigerator). The pasta was enough to make any respectable Italian gag! No flavor or seasoning at all. I've never had tasteless sauce, but they pulled it off. 

I barely avoided food poisoning as I felt light-headed and nauseous as I left the place and about an hour after. If you just need food to stuff into your face because zombies have occupied every other restaurant, then eat here to stay alive. However, if you life if normal and you'd like a good meal, this is NOT the place to eat. 

Later Yelpers!

AJ笑
For what you're paying, the menu is a little boring for me. I got a wrap when I went this weekend, and it was just something I could have made at home, which is usually my rule of thumb. 

However, I do love the atmosphere here and it has a great location. I like their outside patio and it's a nice place to go with a few friends and be in a busy place. Busy, but not crowded. (I don't like going places if it feels like a ghost town.) 

I didn't go during happy hour, but if I'm not mistaken, they have a pretty good HH: M-F 4-7 P.M. 

That being said, I would much rather go here for HH with some friends than make it my go-to eating spot.笑
So, recently jumping back into the dating pool has me landing in local eateries for that always stressful, but necessary first date.  But let's just say that Presidio in The District at Green Valley Ranch was the perfect place to test my new suitor's patience and people-handling skills. 

I'll start with the positive.  Presidio is gorgeous.  The ambiance and décor perfectly set the tone for what should have been a perfect evening.  Outdoor fire fixtures, perfectly arranged tables, chairs and stools.  Very hip, adult and modern.  Plenty of room to maneuver around the bar, as well as more discreet tables to order a meal, if you're so inclined.  Exactly what I like for that important first date. 

However, unfortunately the décor is exactly where the positives end.  

For starters, the service in this place was awful.  Just horrid.  

My date and I were self-seated at a bar table, and proceeded to order drinks:  a glass of Merlot and a bottle of sparkling water for me, and for my date, a glass of Stella.  The first thing to arrive at our table was one glass of tap water.  Just one.  Then, ten minutes later, his beer arrived.  Ten minutes later, my sparkling water arrived.  Still, no wine for me.  Then a second glass of tap water showed up about ten minutes after that.  After we'd been there for nearly 40 minutes, my date had to physically get up and remind our waitress of the wine.  Amidst much apologies, the wine finally showed up, and we were finally having our drinks. 

I began to get a little hungry.  My date wasn't hungry, but I ordered the $10 Macaroni and Cheese starter.  It was okay, a bit little under seasoned, and fairly bland.  But it thankfully showed up surprisingly quickly.  

But the real eye-opener for Presidio's horrible service came when my date made the mistake of ordering a second Stella.  It arrived at our table quickly, however, and I'm not kidding you, it had nearly 3 inches of foam at the top.  Not nearly a full pour and was only about three-quarters full.  We both looked at it, looked at each other and shook our heads.  So, my date takes the partially full glass over to the bartender to fix the problem, and the bartender shot off with a nasty attitude and told my date that basically the Stella keg was "tapped out," and he could have a bottle if he wanted, but otherwise, too bad.  His attitude was like, "what do you want from me?  I just work here.  Now, go sit down."

The point is this: they were tapped out and the waitress blatantly served us a glass of beer that was only partially full with a huge head on it and expected us to be either too stupid to notice, or simply not care at all. 

My date, being the gentleman he is, wouldn't let me hop of my stool and march over to the manager to ask what gives.  He tracked down the manager himself and explained the problem.  The Director of Operations was VERY apologetic, and was very grateful to know about how rude and negligent his employees are.  He comped our entire tab, gave my date his business card, and we left.

In short, if you go to this place with the expectation of a nice simple experience of drinks and a little bite to eat, think again.  Maybe it was an off night, but between the server's careless inattentiveness, and the bartenders cocky, snotty attitude, I have a feeling that bad service is probably the norm rather than the exception.

By the way, the rest of the date itself was great, and we happily wrapped things up at the Elephant Bar around the corner.  That would be my suggestion for drinks if you're going to be at The District in Green Valley Ranch.  Much nicer staff, without all of the unnecessary arrogance and drama.笑
I'm torn between a 3 and a 4 star here, but the waitress is why they got a 3 and is probably why I would not willing return on my own unless someone suggested it. She argued with us when we said we ordered another coke.  Even though she was there when 2 people arrived late and after everyone placed their order, she never brought a menu nor asked if they wanted food.  She never refilled any drinks.  She is lucky there were other people in my group responsible for paying because I would have left her a very small tip, if any.  It was an 80 bill so she should have at the very least refilled our beverages.  That said the food though was actually very good and reasonably priced.  We got several items. The chicken BLT was perfect and the fries were delicious.  The fondue was delicious as well.  However, once again our waitress was very rude.  The chocolate fondue was primarily fruit, so when we ask for fruit fondue she very simply should have just said something about it coming with chocolate. Instead she tells us--we don't have a fruit fondue (really? the chocolate comes with bananas, strawberries, grapes and apples---sounds like fruit to me--the only nonfruit items were marshmellows, brownies and some type of cake). The salad and pizza were also very good.笑
Lets try again....i think I started my review elsewhere & it got lost. 

Was here last night for a quaint gathering with friends. I really loved the atmosphere. Our server...wish I knew his name...red hair, mo....super informative & nice. 

We ordered appetizers off both the happy hour & regular menu: bacon wrapped scallops, crab cakes, sliders, stuffed mushrooms, coconut shrimp, flatbreads, beef & chicken satay, fruit & cheese plate, & some beef & bleu plate. Food was delish. My complaint, & reason for 3 stars, is this:
You only receive 3 of the coconut shrimp, sliders; maybe 5 of the crab cakes & stuffed mushrooms. I expect value for my money...you don't with these plates. Everything was great, but talk about disappointing. 

The beef & chicken satay skewers are actually plenty. I LOVED the meat came off the skewer without much effort. It was quite tasty. 

Seemed kinda odd at 9:30pm on a Friday night it was basically empty.笑
We came here all of the time when it was Kennedy Tavern and the it changed its name to "Presidio" (not sure if it's the same ownership).  This place has become a joke for food.  The satays use to be large and good and now they're small and ridiculous.  You'd think with their $5 happy hour it would be worth it, but it's not.  They use to have homemade horseradish that was HOT, now it tastes like they buy the Beaver brand at the grocery store.  Don't even waste your time.  This is the one in the District, FYI.笑
This place has so much promise, but it fell short.  I had a Groupon I bought before I read the Yelp reviews.  Live and learn!

I asked my server, who was quite good, what recommendation he would have between the 8 oz filet and the macadamia nut encrusted sea bass. He recommended the sea bass and that's what I ordered.  The plating was done nicely, but I do have a dislike for things piled on top of each other.  If I want my beans and potatoes mixed, I'll do it myself.

A couple of things to note:  The macadamia nut crust was so finely chopped that it was impossible to get a taste of macadamia.  A little more coarse chop, please;  second, the fish was moist and tasty, but I don't think it was sea bass--at least like no other sea bass I've had.  It had more of a look, texture, and taste of haddock.  Was this a substitution?  Last, there was a bone in the fish.  Now I know, fish have bones.  But, for a moment I felt like Geoffrey Zakarian or Alex Guarnaschelli on Chopped and I wanted to turn up my nose and say the chef needed to be chopped.  Redeeming feature follows.

The dessert of Mud Pie was superb!  I should have had this for dinner and skipped the fish.  The chocolate ice cream with the cookie crumb crust was heavenly.  The other redemption came in the form of my server.  When informed I was using a Groupon, he told me approximately how much I had used and suggested ordering more to get the full value.  Now, that's service!

I'm not sure if I'd return here.  I think I know now why the other places all had a lot of folks and this relatively large restaurant had few diners.笑
Very nice place to grab a bite to eat.  Good cozy setting inside with very friendly staff.  We were seated and had drinks within about 5 minutes of walking in the door.  

I had the organic chicken with a blue moon.  The dish arrived quickly and looked beautiful.  I did not take a picture of the presentation but I assure you it was beautifully presented.  I enjoyed every bite of the meal.  The chicken was cooked perfectly and had an incredible flavor that left me wanting more.  

The price was very reasonable and places Presidio high on my list of places suitable to take visiting company or work related dinners.笑
This place is always dead, and the service explains why. The concept is also not clear at this place. The staff was dressed in yoga pants(!) and tank tops, with bras showing. Its unusual to see a place that allows the staff to stand around. There is an odd empty feel to the place. The floor was filthy and there was grease and food all over my video poker machine. The major attitude from the male bartender, and the odd robotic unfriendly female bartender ensured I won't return. I used to come here because there was a funny and very nice girl who worked in the daytime, who always dressed very nice too, and made the best drinks and was always cleaning. I thought I'd try it again, but I won't be back.笑
Came here for a glass of wine w/ a co-worker after a long and stressful day at work. Good happy hour, terrible service!!! Easily in the Top 5 of the worst waiters I've ever encountered....if I could be guaranteed he would not be there, I would probably go back and give it a second chance.....if you are seated, and your waiter is an older gentleman with a Southern accent, get up and leave, trust me!!!笑
My sister and I took our mom here today for Mother's Day-and let's just say we won't be paying a visit back there anytime soon. First of all the service was terrible and there were hardly any people in the restaurant. Our mimosas took forever and when they came out they weren't even full and my moms had way too much champagne and my sisters had almost all orange juice. I never got the diet coke I ordered. The man who brought our food out had his cell phone in his pocket and every time and came by the tables to deliver food to those around us, his rock music was blaring from his pockets- totally tacky and unprofessional. Lastly, we got our check and surprise, it was wrong. We were charged for the all you can drink brunch which we didn't order. We each had one mimosa so why would be be charged for the brunch. The difference on the check was around 30 dollars!!!! It was corrected, but there were so many mistakes made we were totally over it. Needless to say my sister and I were embarrassed to take our mom here on her special day. It truly was an experience we would like to forget!!!!笑
Chicken presidio tasted like a tv dinner.   Steak was average at best.  Mashed potatoes were pretty good and were the best part of our meal.  Service was poor.  This restaurant was much better when it was named kennedys.  new owners maybe.笑
I wasn't nuts about this place when it was "the Kennedy" and as far as I know it's pretty much the same restaurant but with a face lift (menu is similar, owners are the same). I was pleasantly surprised by the way they have reinvented themselves! 

We decided to give them a shot for Sunday morning football watching. They have decent specials during games ($3 miller 16 oz, $.50 wings, etc), but we opted to play video poker and drink Blue Moon and ordered the "District Burger" and "chicken tacos" over the wings. 

The service was friendly and the set up for watching football is awesome! 7 huge TV's, beautiful bar, love it. Tons of space and no smoking seems to actually be enforced (unlike at PT's!). I hit my first Royal Flush of my life (which tells you how little I actually play video poker), so that was pretty exciting, but has no bearing on this review - I promise :)

The food was surpringly good. I've had some crappy burgers at bars in Vegas, but this wasn't the case here. It had that fresh grilled back yard taste. I would say it's the most "backyard-esque" burger I've had at a restaurant yet! I had it with gouda cheese, mmmm, and the fries that came with were also yummy. The husband enjoyed his tacos as well. 

No smoking, video poker, sleek environment, great football watching setup, tasty food - we'll be back !笑
Appetizers:  Ahi Tuna Chips, Chicken and Beef Satays.  The Ahi Tuna Chips are killer.  A must try.  The Chicken and Beef Satays were great and perfect sized.

Dinner:  Filet.  Perfectly cooked.  Subbed Asparagus for Mashed Potatoes and they were grilled just right.

Nice selection of wines and drinks.

Will be back.笑
We stumbled upon Presido last Friday evening while at The District. 
It's inviting outdoor patio area is what first caught my attention.

The 5-7pm Happy Hour was perfect for us because we had an hour or so to kill before heading up to the Henderson Pavilion for the 8pm show.

Happy Hour menu included about 6-7 items priced at $5 each. And wine, beer at $4 each.
For us: two glasses of house Cab, and three Happy Hour menu items were perfect for our light meal before the show.

The items we tried were:
    Filet Sliders - great! there were 3 sliders on the plate
    Beef & chicken skewers - great as well, although one of the dipping sauces was way to salty - the other two sauces were good. 2 chicken, and 2 beef skewers were on the plate.
    BBQ chicken flat bread - delicious! Cut into 4 slices - perfect for sharing

Service was good although a tad slow, but not so bad that it inconvenienced us in any way. (however, they did bring our food to us without bringing our napkin and utensils - we didn't immediately realize it and we had to flag down another server to bring it to us.)

We plan to make this a regular place to meet after work on Fridays, and kick off our weekend before heading home - and we will invite our friends to meet us there every so often too!笑
Really nice neighborhood bar... with really nice folks!

The food isn't super spectacular but it's better than normal bar food.

I'm partial to the chopped veg salad... it's got bacon and avocado in it with a Russian dressing.  It's actually quite filling.  It's definitely my "go to" when I'm there for lunch/dinner.

They do serve breakfast... and their Bloody Mary is very good!  I don't know what their base mix is... but it's always very good.  Not overly tomato-y and not too much horseradish and not too much spice... just right in my book.  Oh!  and Bloody Marys and Mimosas are All-You-Can-Drink on the weekends with purchase of a breakfast.  It's a Deal!

And if you want to sit outside.... they have a really nice patio area.  AND they have fire pits at night... so if you want to grab a drink and visit with friends ... I highly recommend Presidio.  :)

Overall.... really nice ambience inside and out... really nice staff... really nice place to watch sports or hang out.

Oh... and really good for a business lunch or dinner.  It doesn't get nutty in here and the décor and setting is conducive for discussing business.笑
Presidio, you still just get 3-stars from me. I joined a friend here for a quick drink before heading to a movie at Green Valley Ranch.

Once again we were in the presence of the kinda weird, strangely overly personal waiter we had before. I couldn't believe it. And I'm not even sure he was supposed to be our waiter because we had to flag someone down to take our drink order.

Annoying. We were sitting in the bar area, two girls, with no drinks, no menus, and plenty of their servers still zooming around us and paying no attention. It really was not that busy and considering the many servers who walked right past us, they could have at least said "hey, I'll be right with you." But no. We had to wave someone down to get two glasses of wine.

The happy hour prices are great. The location is great. The service sucks.笑
Love this bar. My fav bartender Raphael is the best by far, he is quick with drinks and wit. Always a good time.笑
Longer evening Happy Hour than most places, 5-7pm.  Happy Hour menu was good with a variety of apps for $5 and premium beers and wine for $4.  

Outdoor atmosphere is great!  

Service could have been better.笑
We came here because the menu looked good online and it was right around the corner from us.  Unfortunately, that's where anything good ended.  We ordered the cheese fondue for two and our bread was crunchy, and one piece had a strange yellow discoloration.  Also, the fondue was covered in so many green onions that the flavor of the cheese was completely overpowered and that was all you can taste. Terribly disappointing! The mac and cheese was okay, but I thought had too much panko on top.  The bacon wrapped scallops were a little gritty, but good.  Lastly, the ticket time was ridiculous for how slow the place was.  There was maybe 5 other tables and a few people at the bar, yet we were still waiting almost half an hour for our food.  Definitely would not come here again.笑
I prefer to come here when it is warm enough to sit outside, as like others the TVs are sometimes bothersome.  We have been about 6 or 7 times, either for drinks at happy hour or lunch and have enjoyed both.  We did sit at the bar the first time we tried it and had app.s and drinks, we found the bartender to be very nice and he provided good service.  (The bar video poker wasn't friendly to me, but whats new!)    I had the Ahi tuna crisps (not sure how they are really listed on the menu) and my husband had the BBQ chicken flat bread.  Both were very tasty.
For lunch I like the Ahi tacos, which are two large pita breads stuffed with lettuce/cabbage, sauce, Ahi and onion strings.  They are my favorite, but I can only eat one.  I take the other home and it makes for great left overs.  My husband prefers the Al's Garage burger to Presidio's but since they are owned by the same folks and share a kitchen, they allow you to order off of either menu.  This makes both of us happy in either restaurant.笑
The District is under construction now so foot traffic is slow around the retail businesses. But, we decided to stop in at the Presido for happy hour and bring some much needed business to the area.  The service was so slow that the waitress never once came to our table to take our order....After 15 minutes, I ordered 3 wines from the bartender and asked how come we could never get waited on? There was only about 10 people in the bar! I have gone to this bar for years and it has always been spotting in their service....I am sure that it why too it has changed owners 3 times...go across the street to Kings or Lucille's for good service and don't waste your time at the Presido...horrible service!笑
Loved it!  I'm coming back!!
Chopped salad and mac n cheese was delish... i was craving as soon as i left!  
Staff were wonderful so that was a plus!!  thanks.笑
We live a couple of blocks from the District and enjoy going down there, until the day they decide to put a street down the center of the stores.  Then the District becomes a strip mall shopping center.  But, that is another story.

We have gone to the Presidio for years, going back to when it first opened up as Kennedy's.  We like the 5-7 Happy Hour.  They changed the HH menu since our last trip there.  Some of the food items are the same, some are new.  The beef and chicken satays are still available but you now get just 4 instead of 6.  They still are good.

We had a new item, the French Dip Sliders.  They were good, not great.  A little more beef would have been good and the au jus could have been tastier.  The mini-crab cakes were good, exceeded our expectations, but one of the sauces was quite hot.  Not that big of deal.  

We used to really like the flatbread pizza so we ordered the sausage one.  They really are small circular pizzas, not a true flatbread by any means.  The sausage one was quite tasty.  At $5 an item, the Happy Hour prices for food aren't really a bargain.  Well, perhaps for the crab cakes it was a good price and possibly the filet mignon sliders, but we didn't have those.  

The house wine is $4 a glass and it is an adequate pour and quality.  Well drinks are half-price and there are special prices for beer.  

The service usually has been good at the Presidio.  It took a few minutes this time to get noticed and the food expediters were quite good.  A downturn happened when we were finished and wanted to pay and leave.  We could not find our wait person anywhere.  This continued for over 20 minutes.  Finally, my wife left our table and went to the bartender to ask for our bill.  One of the guys who had brought our food brought over our bill.  Just then, our wait person showed up from behind.  It turns out she had been sitting at a table with a friend for the now 25+ minutes of our wait.  Normally, we tip 20+% as we are former wait people and I was even a past restaurant owner.  We tipped 15% tonight.  After we walked out, we both said we wish we wouldn't have tipped quite so much.  Keeping your clients waiting for 20+ minutes without making an appearance while sitting with your friends is not good service.  

We will go back to get the crab cakes and the filet mignon sliders.  With the Elephant Bar in the District with their exceptional Happy Hour, it might be awhile for us to come back.  However, the outdoor sitting at the Presidio is nice which we enjoy sitting at for dinner with friends.  

The place is good, but the Happy Hour has taken a step down.笑
Another gem in Green Valley Ranch! I've been on the hunt for a new happy hour spot since Bar Louie closed (still shedding tears over that one) and I think I've finally found a replacement which is a relief because I was starting to get desperate for a decent place to happy hour.

 The setting is cozy and chic but not pretentious. Inside is spacious and and aesthetically pleasing with warm colors and exposed brick walls. There were plenty of TV's to view any one of the 187 games being showed.  

Happy hour is my favorite hour and Presidio gets it right. Great original drinks and a decent wine selection all for $5. If you like Riesling, definitely try the Monchhof which is conveniently offered during happy hour. The cable car is great too and comes with a cinnamon sugar rim which I thought was a yummy twist! 

During our trial run visit, we ordered a lot of food off of the happy hour menu, all of which was excellent, but go for one of their flatbreads if you can't make a choice. 

Both times I've been, it's been moderately busy but our service was attentive and our servers friendly. It's a wonderful place to take a small group of friends or a first date.

Relieved to have finally found a place to call my happy hour home!笑
Don't come here if u have tattoos. Note to staff; don't judge a book by its cover, that book may have a lot of 'knowledge' for you. (Money)笑
This place is in The District at Green Valley Ranch right next to Lucille's BBQ.  There is some cozy outdoor seating but, we decided to sit inside.  Presidio is beautiful.  There is a center bar and booth seating against the walls.  The walls were lined with bricks and the the wall and ceiling were curved.  I would say this is a smooth looking place and its good for drinks with friends or a casual date.

As for service I would have to give it a 2.5.  We had Mike T and he was awesome given his resources.  I noticed he was serving the inside and outside and it was a pretty busy Saturday night.  When he had the chance he was very attentive and very nice.  At the end of our meal he forgot to bring the Creme Brulee my wife ordered so he gave it to us for free.

I ordered the Eggplant Parmesan and my wife got the French Dip.  Both were fricken amazing!  We kept switching our plates to try each others meals which is a typical ritual.  However, I didn't have a favorite and they were both delicious.  If you are a French Dip lover I would suggest Presidio's because the au jus sauce was awesome!  If you really like Eggplant Parmesan the breading is was delicious.  

Over all I give this place a solid 3.  The atmosphere and the food were above par.  However, the service needed to get a little better.  Maybe I'm being a little hard on them since it was a Saturday.  I'll update my post when I go again.  I would recommend anyone give this place a try.笑
Didn't eat here, so we'll start with that.

Went in for a drink.  Place is really nice and homey with brick curved walls and a really open floor plan. They have TV's and b/c I have a drinking/gambling problem, they do comp drinks [even nice glasses of wine priced ~$15/glass] when you gamble. Hooray!

They have outside seating and a really cute fireplace outside as well.  They had lots of tables open, so that kind of worried me, but they did have a HUGE bar area.

Definitely would go back again and try their food.笑
First, wanted to sit outside where there were heaters, but they dont work!! Really?.why even have them? Had to move inside. Ordered a cheese platter...ugh!! Came with sliced deli cheeses....wow! cuilnary genius!! ...how hard would it bebto offer a delicious real cheese board?? No wonder there is never anyone in this place....笑
Great place to get a drink here and sit outside if the weather permits.笑
Vegetable salad is fantastic. Packed in a perfect circle, you break your fork into it.. and it oozes ( is that a good word?) Just try it.笑
Never had a bad meal and they have a great selection of wines by the glass.  I've tried a lot of things but usually just go for the organic chicken.  I love having an organic option and it's really good.  Great patio area too.  One of my favorite places to go in The District.笑
I'm  giving this one star because not only did anyone not know whether there is a website for this place, but the general website I was given is no longer available.  No one seemed to know if there is a menu online but took my e-mail address so they could send me one from the previous occupant Kennedy.   They also told me that it would take a while to send this e-mail because there is no computer onsite.  Really???   Presidio has been open for nearly a year according to the person on the phone.  Does this send a red flag about the service here?   Let's hope it's better inside.笑
Me and my husband decided to try out Presidio because of a Groupon that we had.  The place itself was pretty nice.  We sat in the back where they had booth style seats along with wall on one side of the table and a regular chair on the other side of the table.  Whoa, I was sitting was low compared to my husband sitting on the regular chair.  It was kind of awkward.

Anyway, the service we got was slow, but I'd have to say that the waiter was extremely nice and apologetic.  It was a busy Saturday night and I noticed there was one waiter for our entire side.  There should have been at least 2.  My dessert took like 20-30 minutes to come out which was sort of a pain, but the waiter graciously gave it to us on the house which was nice [and fair - we would have been pissed if not! =)]

I got the French Dip sandwich.  I love French Dips and this one was pretty good.  I would highly recommend this.. their au jus sauce that comes with it was super good and the meat was really nice quality.  Very beefy.  He got the eggplant parmesan.  I really liked the seasoning in breading and the sauce was boss too.  Overall, solid entrees.

I have to call out the crème brulee.  Freakin delicious!  I love crème brulee, and theirs was really good.  The custard was a great consistency.  They topped it off with some blueberries and strawberries that were warmed by dessert... delicious!  Went together perfectly.  Do it!笑
I went to Presidio about a week ago for the first time with my husband around 8 PM on a Sat. night. There were about four to five tables filled with people and some more outside with one bartender and one waitress on staff.

 I ordered my first drink from their menu and that was good.  I asked our waitress for an idea for my second drink, but she was not able to give any ideas.  After giving it some thought I decided on a Mojito.  About 10 minutes later she came back to tell me they did not have the ingredients to make it!  It went all down hill from here. After some more thought I then decided to get a French Martini.  I asked the bartender to put a small splash of triple sec and sweet and sour in it since I had the most amazing one in NYC and that was the key to it according to the bartender.  Yes, my expectations were high, but it was all juice.  I was going to send it back, but the waitress was no where in site and by this time it had been over 30 from my first drink and I was thirsty and sick of waiting.  About half way through I passed the bartender ( still no waitress) and he asked how it was. I said it was "ehh, not that good" he just said "oh okay."  I was disappointed with his response.  I would have thought the waitress would have came over to try to make the situation better.  However, she completely ignored us.  We ended up with 2 drinks each in the 2 hours we were there.  

 Not that it was a big deal for us, but we looked around and noticed that people had been gone for about an hour and their tables still hadn't been cleaned.  

 The service was slow and they did nothing to make a wrong situation right.  For those reasons, we will not be returning.笑
I actually like the atmosphere and ambience particularly with open doors because it can be warm cozy and classy without being smoky so I can still smell nice when I leave! For a local watering hole, much preferred over hi scores/players club plus a great selection of wines, tap beers, and a full bar. Haven't tried too much of the grub yet. Bottoms up!笑
Been here twice for happy hour.  Fried calamari was good, but not out of the ordinary.  Chicken and beef satays were good, but again not out of the ordinary.  This place has an older crowd.

Pros:
- Happy hour drink prices are cheap (~$3 for well drinks)
- Decor is nice with TVs

Cons:
- Service fell short (We always had to flag down the bartender to make us another drink and it wasn't busy)笑
I am moving my review up one star.  My same girlfriend and I went back to Presidio again.

We ended up getting the same server, Andrew, and sat outside on the patio where all of the action was.  He was very nice and remembered us from the last time. He immediately took our drink order, and was very fast.

This time, my friend ordered the mac n cheese, and some red wine. I asked Andrew for a recommendation. He recommended the ahi tacos, as they are one of their best sellers, and everyone gives good reviews of them.  I went ahead and ordered the tacos, and also ordered a 7&7, since the Captain and Coke I had last time was awful.  

The tacos were awesome!  Very large serving, and full of yumminess.  A side of fries came with the tacos, which weren't great, but alright.  My drink was also better than the last time.  My friend said the mac n cheese was also pretty good.  I also ordered a mac n cheese to go for my son.  It came out right with the bill, already packaged.  Perfect timing.

All in all, better experience than last time. I recommend sitting outside for faster service if the weather permits.  Nice atmosphere, and fast service.笑
One word that comes to mind is "classy". The food here is presented well and tastes gourmet. The Bartender (John) was very professional and accommodating. The atmosphere makes you feel like youre among the classy folk you oh so long to be like!笑
Service has been so bad here too many times for us to go back. Food was very good one time and bad another. Not giving them any more chances.笑
Ok it seems like this place has gotten a lot of mixed reviews. I've only had it once and came with a group of friends who were raving about their experience and were in love with the food.

First impression: The place is really clean, open and relaxing. We got there around 3:30 for a late lunch and there were only a few people at the bar and all the tables were open. For me that's not a good sign especially when the other restaurants in the area had at least a handful of people.

Food: Before I get started, I have to say I was impressed with the presentation of all the dishes we ordered. Everyone's dish was put together thoughtfully and looked appetizing. For the food, I had the FRENCH DIP. When the waitress put my plate down I remarked how appetizing my order looked and she agreed and said it was the best French dip in town. My immediate thought was, "I'll be the judge of that." Anyway, all I can say is wow! Maybe hunger is the best sauce but even compared to THE standard for french dipped roast beef, Philippe's, in my hometown of LA, this one is right up there. The horseradish on the side was light and not overpowering and the fries that came with it were nice and crispy. 

Conclusion: Quite honestly I'm surprised that this restaurant isn't packed considering how delicious the food was. However, I'm not going to discount the poor reviews but all I can say is when I ate there I was really pleased with my meal and look forward to eating there the next time when I visit my friend in Henderson.笑
My friend had a group on so we decided to come here for dinner. We had the following:

-chinese chicken salad:  this was nicely presented with the salad in a crispy womton bowl. We asked to have the peanuts put on the side but wasn't. Luckily those were easy to pick out. This salad has a nice Ginger sesame vinaigrette and mandarin oranges. Very nice 
-French dip w french fries: talk about loading up on carbs, this is the sandwich. The dip was kinda salty. The fries were also kinda salty. My friend and I shared this sandwich and I only finished half of my share. It was big. 
-crispy ahi tacos w fries:  there were 2 tacos on this plate and they had flavors 

Beer selection is limited. Staff is friendly. Will come back for the salad.笑
Great crab cakes and Virgin Bloody Mary's! ;)笑
I met a girlfriend here for drinks and snacks.  It was empty, on a friday night.  First hint.  Secondly the decor was odd, very strange place.  I wasn't sure what to think.  Decided to give it a chance.  We looked at our menus.  They were water logged, dirty and one even had a phone number written on the back of it.  Plus there were no drink specials, so we paid full price for some super generic drinks, after having the server check back on us 5 times in about 20 minutes (who can blame her, we were the only table in one half of the restaurant) we decided to go elsewhere to eat.  Never going back, surprised this place is still alive, but pretty sure it will go under soon.笑
I've walked by this restaurant a ton of times thinking it was just another Gaming/sports Vegas bars with crappy food.  On a whim we decided to come in and just try the place out.  The atmosphere here isn't as bad as I thought.  Don't expect "fancy" but they keep the dining area far enough from the flat screens so it doesn't interfere with your conversation.  Big Plus for me.  The best thing about this place- the food.  The food taste just as good as food I've had at five star restaurants.  The price isn't bad either.  This is such a great place if you want to have a really nice meal for half of what you'd spend elsewhere.  Our waitor was also super friendly and attentive, he was quick to give us more of this unique flat bread that we absolutely loved.笑
This is also another cool little gaming bar. I like this place because of the no smoking and when the weather is nice they can open the doors completely so you can enjoy the nice temps.笑
We went here for lunch yesterday because I have been wanting to try this place out.  It was about 2pm and extremely slow, only 3 tables in the place. The decor/atmosphere were nice and the service was good.

We started with the spinach artichoke dip that was very VERY good. I had the caprese salad. I found the mozzerella cheese to be very waxy, not at all the texture I expect from fresh mozzerella. The rest of the salad was decent. My husband had the grilled chicken BLT, it looked really good. I didn't care for the fries very much. They were very thin, almost shoestring and had a crispy coating on them. Just a personal preference there, I'm sure some people like them like that.

I would be willing to go back to try their weekend brunch or for happy hour. They have a lot of great sounding menu options, so maybe I just picked the wrong thing.笑
My wife and I came here a few times when it was Kennedy and enjoyed it enough. Now as it is Presidio, the quality of the entire experience has definitely declined.  The food was OK, not great.  My mashed potatoes were cold and the salmon was a bit over cooked.  The most glaring deficiency is that the service is poor. It started with the hostess with a flat affect and moved on to the wait staff who needs to be trained to be wait staff. I will not be returning any time soon.笑
My husband and our two sons ate here last week and had a great experience.  We ate outside on the patio which had a great atmosphere.  Huge fire pit and heaters near every table.  It was happy hour and they had a lot of great deals.  All drinks were only $5 and several appetizers were discounted as well.  We ordered the cheese fondue and spinach/artichoke dip to start. Both were very good and served with a variety of different things (veggies, fruit, bread). My only complaint was the broccoli and cauliflower were cooked, but ice cold, it just tasted weird in the hot cheese fondue.  For our entrees, I ordered the chopped veggie salad which is excellent, highly recommend! My husband ordered calamari and chicken/beef skewers, both he really enjoyed. My 4yr old ordered his usually noodles and butter, but kept saying how good it was (he is an expert on this dish! lol). Pur 8yr old ordered the mac and cheese from the appetizer menu and it was excellent! Served with bread crumbs on top.
  Service was also great and very friendly. We will definitely be back!笑
The sea bass was really good but, the lack of customer service made me bump it down a lot. I was torn between giving this place 2/3 stars. if Lucille's didn't have a 45 minute wait we probably wouldn't have gone here. 

I wasn't even acknowledged when i wanted in to join my group until 10 minutes later. It seems like our server was too busy to take care of us. they took forever even though the restaurant wasn't busy. 

With some many options in Vegas I probably won't come back.笑
I ordered the gargoyle...when the server gave it to me she said "Here is your nasty ass drink!" I was like..."Uh what?!" "ou're nasty ass drink, those things are so grooooooss." She went on to explain to me that it was her least favorite drink and thought it was gross blah blah blah. I was just looking at her like o.O  which should have given her a clue to be quiet. 

I was completely appalled as were the group I was with. What kind of person with even a days experience in the service industry would say that to someone...WHILE HANDING THEM THE DRINK WHICH THEY ARE PAYING FOR. Heres some nasty shit, enjoy paying for it lololol. 

I liked the drink, but I enjoy the taste of Absinthe. 

After that I have given them a chance or two...however, the pricing is inconsistent as are the pours, the happy hour menu is inaccessible unless you ask and even then it is a hassle. Last time we ordered off the happy hour, then were told it wasnt happy hour for another half an hour..after we were presented the check. Which is lame, because the food is decent.

This place has great atmosphere and thats why I gave it two stars. I wish the service was better so I could bring out of town company here without worrying.笑
I've always had a pretty good experience at Presidio (or even when it was Kennedy's)  Tonight, I ordered the Filet and Lobster special.  The steak was cooked right (medium rare, and I upgraded to Filet) but the lobster seemed a little over cooked.  The twice baked potato was also pretty good.  The bartender was very helpful and friendly.  She was very attentive and made sure my drink was always full.笑
We like this place, yes the food is not super spectacular, but it is good.  I don't know if on this visit we happened to catch them on a good night, it was early into the happy hour time so maybe the food still had a chance compared to others who came after happy hour.

After discussion with our server, we ordered the Ribeye and it was AMAZING.  It was cooked exactly as we ordered it, it was seasoned really well and the taste was amazing.

My wife is a very picky person and if they did her wrong I would not have an issue stating that.  

The happy hour menu does not offer a lot of choices we would eat, however if you are looking for a nice place to hang out watch some sports and get some really good drink for a really good Happy Hour Price, this is the place to come hang out.  We have not had a bad experience with the food here, but like anywhere else, it is hit and miss.笑
Not much about Presidio stands out to me.  The outdoor seating is nice on a warm day and the Presidio style calamari is good.  Service is okay.  It just feels so...eh!笑
Not good at all...i paid steakhouse prices and got greasy spoon food...never again..笑
Was excited to try this place but the service was not great and neither was the food. Definitely not too impressed and won't likely return with all of the other great options in the surrounding area.笑
This place is pricey and is confused about it's identity.. The theme and menu is based on San Fran but there was a bar with sports on TV. They try hard to be classy with the whine bottles on the wall but the couch seats were too soft that you sank down a few feet when you sat at the table. I was not impressed. The items on the menu were a little pricey and not that interesting. Some of the entrees were paired with sides that were fads and played out or didn't make since. I ordered the calamari and it was a little chewy and the batter fell off most of it. I had the rib eye steak for dinner and even though they did a good job at cooking it, the flavor of the meat was bland and the meat was chewy. What almost saved my meal was the creme brulee but that was too small for the price I paid.笑
My brother was visiting from New York, and after the first couple days was sick of the strip. He asked for me to take him somewhere with "normal food". After arriving at the District we decided on Presidio. We made the right choice. We decided to share the District Burger and the mac & cheese. 
We ordered the burger medium and it was perfect. Still a little bit pinkish and super tender. Seriously one of the best (if not THE best) burger I have had since moving here to Vegas over 18 months ago. The mac & cheese was good, buttery and hot. The fries that came with the burger were equally good, lightly seasoned, crispy outside, fluffy inside..
Overall I was very very pleased with my food, the friendly staff and comfortable atmosphere just added to the place's charm. This will be a new frequent of mine for sure.笑
After reading some neg. reviews, I feel compelled to review AND give 5 stars. The husband and I set out to find a nice happy hour locale for our weekly date night and were not disappointed with Presidio. Bartender, Chad, was super nice and attentive without being over-bearing, he kept us refreshed and let us order drinks at the happy hour price a few minutes after 7. Atmosphere is nice, and we love the open doors and patio. We haven't tried the food but are returning this evening if that says anything.笑
Avoid Presido. 
The hostess was completely disoriented.  She could care less. We sat at the table (banquettes are too short) for 10 min without any service.  Bartender served the table next to us twice.  Walked out and went to the staple of Henderson, Lucille's.笑
this place only gets one star, and that's for ambiance and atmosphere.  definitely a cool place to hang, but the food is not so good.  i've honestly had better food on an airplane.  i don't write reviews, but felt compelled to write a review after our experience there.  the bread came out and it was very good, but that's where it ended.  my stuffed chicken was tough and flavorless, the crabcake was barely acceptable, and the spring rolls were bad.  to summarize it all, the food TASTED LIKE IT WAS FROM A MICROWAVE.  go for drinks, but as good as the food looks, you're better off going to Denny's.笑
This is a great place to watch the game, especially when it's so gorgeous outside. They open the doors and let the air flow. Ask for the sweet potato fries - they aren't on the menu! If you're a Zappos employee, you get 20% off your order. Bonus!