I jumped in here for a quick bite on an errand-filled lunch hour.  The burger and fries were bland and unremarkable.  Kinda a bad place for a mediocre joint, since Lenny's is right around the corner, and lots of other burger joints are just a mile away.  Better than a standard chain fast food place, but not by much.Ǿ
Today I decided to get in my car and try a new place for lunch. I was originally headed for La Paloma, but when I walked in all of the chairs were up on the tables. Having been in food service at one time I hate to go in right at closing so I decided to go elsewhere, though they assured me it was no problem. The time is 3:20. 

In the same strip mall I spot Hamburger Haven. Their sign says OPEN, they have no hours posted, but there are people inside. I decide to try it out. I walk in to order and wait while another group gets its food then commences to ask for a bunch of little items that keep the guy busy running back and forth. He finally got around to asking me what I wanted. Not friendly, maybe a little annoyed. I order the food. I can see the guy cooking grumble in the back. I'm thinking to myself, "what's so hard about a cheeseburger and onion rings?" I am not feeling welcome. 

The food came out. Not bad at all. Nothing great, fried stuff, but decent all the same. I'm sitting there eating, trying to tell myself the bad vibes are my imagination when a third guy appears behind the counter. He looks out at the people in the restaurant, frowns a little, then marches to the front door to flip off the OPEN sign. Ah, they were closed I guess. I suppose that is why the employees seemed annoyed. 

I have an idea for this place. If you want to close at a certain time post a sign with your hours. Also, remember to turn off the OPEN sign. Finally, if you don't want to serve someone just let them know. It will probably annoy them, but they might try you again in the future. With thousands of restaurants in the city life is too short to put up with an attitude of any kind.Ǿ
I heard that Hamburger Haven was under new management so I decided to give it a try with my co-worker. The first thing I noticed was the painted seascape was gone and instead was a nicely painted restaurant. The friendly guy behind the counter told me they are in the process of doing some remodeling and the booths and menu would be next. Both my co-worker and I ordered the bacon cheeseburger (however, unlike the name, there are many other sandwich and salad choices).  We both made it a combo with fries. The guy told me that they are using the technique of smashing the burgers on the grill to sear in the juices.  Shortly later, our orders came out hot and delicious! The burger was juicy and had great flavor. I ordered mine with caramelized onions- yummy! The fries were good, too, but the star of the mean was the burger! It was a great value, too! I will definitely be back soon!Ǿ
Would you make more of an attempt to visit this place if I told you that you could see sea birds and driftwood?

If so, have I got news for you!!

Hamburger Haven has black and white checker floors, driftwood AND sea birds. Don't worry. They only look real. They won't try to eat your hamburger. That's all for you.

I was totally not expecting the decor I saw in this place once I arrived one day on one of those "need food now, name the first place you can think of go" type moments. Not with the name Hamburger Haven. Or with the typical strip mall dive bar look from the parking lot. And let me tell you. Hamburgers ARE more fun to eat by the sea!

The menu was vast and delicious. Some of them lacked descriptions of specific items on the hamburgers, but after asking I decided to go with a green chile burger, which is my typical go to and I was not disappointed. A good amount of grease but not too much I needed the entire napkin container. The flavor on both the burger and the chile was out of the world. 

I'm writing this review in hopes that I remember to head here more often, because I love a place with an unexpected view. Don't believe me still? I uploaded photographic evidence.Ǿ
I had heard a couple of people mention Hamburger Haven. I stopped by to pick up a menu and was really impressed with the place. They have a huge menu of breakfast and lunch type items. The choices were overwhelming. The place is clean and the prices are very reasonable. Oh and they deliver with a minimum $10 order. I ordered a Ham and Cheese Omelet. It came with toast and Hash-browns or Home Fries. The cashier recommended the home fries. I think it was just under $5. They have an American Breakfast (eggs, Bacon, Toast and Potatoes) for under $4.

They have a HUGE menu as I mentioned. They have Hamburgers, Burritos, Fish, Shrimp and who knows what all else. If you are looking for a Local alternative to Denny's/IHOP this is your place. I predict they will do well if they can get the word out. Mmm.Ǿ
I ordered the bacon cheeseburger.  Well to me its just another unseasoned burger.  The thousand island sauce was the first hint that this was just going to be another burger,  the bun was toasted and the condiments were fresh.  The service was good and the cashier was very friendly.