Finally!  Lomo Saltado in Pittsburgh!!!

This place is great.  While I was at school in DC, one our favorite take outs was lomo saltado from the Peruvian place in Adams-Morgan.  I've searched for it ever since.  

I have tried to replicate it at home, but to no avail.  And the green sauce that is used as a condiment is just as elusive.  

I just found out that it was there, and have been there three times this week!  The Lomo was awesome.  Perfectly seasoned tender steak with red onions and fries over rice.  simply amazing.  THe Peruvian fried rice was tasty, but rather plain.  I was expecting a kick!  The chicken, of course was flawless.Ǿ
I should have known when a coworker and I stepped through the door at peak lunch hour (1215pm) and we were the only ones present.  I should of listened to my gut and walked right out the door.

Regardless, we were sat and the service was ok.  Food was nothing special, though some of the Peruvian plates at least caught my attention (if you like different variations of hot dogs with mayo, this may be your place).

The thought of having anything even remotely close to Chicken Latino downtown is what originally caught my attention, but alas, my 1/4 chicken combo was dry, my fried plantains were downright inedible soaked in grease, and I think I've had a 2-year-old cook Ore-Ida fries better.

The biggest let down...  no delicious green crack hot sauce that I've come accustomed to at CL and other Peruvian joints.  I'll pass next time.Ǿ
I have a very good experience here. Contrary to what I have read by other reviewers, I found the service here fast (even there were quite a few people), the server was very friendly and acted very natural for his job, making sure that everything was alright without overpushing it. I ordered seafood fried rice (which is oddly like Chinese food), but it was well done, not too oily nor too salty. The green beans used for this dish were fresh, not canned. There was also a complimentary fried sweet potato with green hot sauce, which was quite nice.Ǿ
Aj's is such a cute little place in the heart of Downtown. We originally wanted to try Chinatown Inn, but I didn't feel like walking much further and Darren caught sight of Aj's across the street, so we went in and had a nice lunch.

Our server was really sweet and did a great job. Candles were around to make it a little romantic even. The food was pretty inexpensive but really good. I have had roasted Peruvian chicken at Chicken Latino before, and this was about as good. It was interestingly spiced and very moist and crispy. The white rice was buttery and the fried plantains were sweet like bananas crossed with really big french fries. They also gave us homemade sweet potato chips on the house and they were so good!Ǿ
I stopped in today and ordered the 1/2 rotisserie chicken with two sides. The chicken was well seasoned, flavorful and moist. It also came with a small side of delicious hot sauce. I chose to get the Peruvian rice and that was a real disappointment. One of the servers said that it's cooked with garlic, but mine was pretty plain with no hint of garlic whatsoever. I really enjoyed the chicken, but the sides were meh. I'll definitely give the restaurant another try though.Ǿ
Chicken was great. Well seasoned. The spaghetti was a bit mushy but taste fine. The empanadas were not the best but tasted homemade. The dough they used was just dry and sucked all the moisture out of my mouth. ($3 each... Ouch). They do not serve alcohol so don't expect to wash it down with a Peruvian beer. The sides were very basic and did not warrant the extra charge for the combo. I will come back and give it another shot because of the rotisserie chicken.

I wanted to update everyone who reads this they are no longer in business.Ǿ
Been to the Oakland one several times. Love love love their seafood rice. Their grilled banana, on the other hand, was not so great. Ceviche is good too. Recently I heard that they moved to downtown, but every time I pass by the downtown location it seems to be closed. Not sure what is going on.Ǿ
Some restaurants try as the may do not have good lunch service.   Especially when they are understaffed.  
What I noticed straight away was there were only two waitresses scrambling around the dining room trying to assist everyone all at once. With 80% of your dining room full that is a recipe for disaster. 

I overheard the people sitting next to me complaining about their wait time and that set the mood for the rest of lunch. 

I got the 1/4 rotisserie chicken no sides  and a tilapia salad. The price for the 1/4 chicken no sides is on $4.20! For only $4.20 I'd take the chicken over a 10 piece Mcnugget any day.  The flavors were there. The spices that the chicken was marinated in really penetrated down into the meat, but sadly the wing on my chicken was dry and I found it very difficult to chew through the tough wing meat. 

Moving on to the tilapia salad my tilapia was not plated on a bed of lettuce but instead was served next to the lettuce . All the ingredients of a salad were there, lettuce, tomatoes , cucumbers , cheese and protein but there was no harmony. It was just a handful of lettuce next to a piece of fish. 
I asked for a to go box the waitress forgot. I watched her clean off two tables and had to remind her about the to go box. 

An absurdly crispy chicken wing and over whelmed wait staffed did no help to boast my star ratings for AJ's Inca Peruvian Restaurant.Ǿ
During our Downtown adventure yesterday, Kay and I were deflected from our journey to the long-standing Chinatown Inn by a business that beckoned us with a blood-red storefront. When we crossed the street to investigate, we saw the words "Authentic Peruvian Cuisine" and quickly went in, forgetting all about Chinese food for the moment. 

We were greeted by a lovely young woman with a Latin accent and long night-black hair. Inside were faux brick walls (wallpaper) that were decorated with paintings and even a candlelit shrine to Christ himself! The dining room was comforting, loving, and our server was eager to have us delve into the food of Peru.

Wanting something I knew I'd never had before, Pollo Saltado became my chosen dish, and what a pleasing potpourri of vegetables and poultry it proved to be. Chopped, stir-fried chicken breasts were central to the plate with tomato wedges, green bell pepper shards, and rustically-chopped onions acting as nutritious garnishes. A mound of white rice and a heap of fried plantains were served on the side. The inclusion of the creamy, spicy condiment known as aji verde rained down upon the proceedings, turning my lunch into something that approached Indian or Thai. The sweetness of the caramelized vegetables also complimented the luscious chunks of protein while the aji verde added smoothness and kick. 

Kay's Ensalada Rusa with Rotisserie Chicken featured a vibrantly colored, cold, and flavorsome side dish that included beets, green peas, and corn bound by mayonnaise which threatened to steal the glory from the arcanely-spiced, crisp, and fatty chicken. While the poultry was very familiar, it was also unlike any other rotisserie chicken I've had save for the Strip District's Chicken Latino. George Aiken's or Boston Market this was not. Cumin, paprika, oregano, garlic, pepper, and Apu knows what else conspired to nearly intoxicate me with its unique South American combination of essences. 

The fried plantains the two of us shared were wonderfully starchy yet just sweet enough to remind me that they're cousin to the humble banana. 

Look for the caped, cartoonish, staff-wielding fellow (deity?) on the door in the space where Cuzamil once stood and explore a world of dining new to Pittsburgh. 

P.S. I cannot find a website or menu online yet. 

P.P.S. Desserts are limited to a few. We did not partake, but I seem to remember seeing chocolate cake and flan on the menu. 

P.P.P.S. A serving of excellent, oily, crackling, housemade sweet potato chips was our complimentary appetizer.

P.P.P.P.S, Apparently, another Aj's exists in Oakland.Ǿ
This is a hidden treasure in Pittsburgh. The food is absolutely delicious and the people who run it very friendly. The plantains are cooked perfectly, lightly browned and deliciously crisp, while the rices, empanadas and green sauce they use are sublime! I would very much recommend this place. Worth the time!