This isn't your average cafeteria.  The food here is restaurant quality for sure.  
I've been going here for almost 10 years now, and I've heard some people say its too expensive.  Well, if you want to pay $5 for a meal, go to Subway.  This isn't cafeteria quality food either.  They dont serve hotdogs and fries for lunch.  

Do yourself a favor and dont even look at the menu.  Just take one of the 4 options that's already prepared on the hot-table.  Get there between 11am-2:30pm to get the freshest food.

Most dishes come with 2 choices of roasted potatos, mashed potatos or veggies - the daily non-meat plate comes with either house salad or caesar).  Each day they have a fish option, meat, chicken, and non-meat.  

FISH
Sole Almondine - 5/5
Blackened Basa - 3/5
Cedar plank salmon - never had
Tilapia - 3/5

MEAT
Chopped Steak - 4/5
Roasted Turkey - 3/5
Meat Lasagna - 3/5
Veal schnitzel - never had

NON-MEAT
3 cheese tortellini - 4/5
Curry Chickpeas - 4/5
Mac n' Cheese - 5/5
Potato & Leek Perogies - 5/5

ROASTED CHICKEN (half or full) - 5/5

The side of roasted potatos and the rice are both amazing - 5/5

There's also a pasta area during lunch where your pasta is made fresh infront of you, to your liking. 

Prices for lunch go from $7-$10 for the hot-table.Ǿ
If this is where Rob Ford used to eat, then it's no wonder the poor guy has cancer!  

Fries are the easiest side dish to make, yet they can't even get that right!  To make matters worse, when I tried to speak to the guy behind the counter about the terrible, undercooked fries, he started arguing with me!  

All in all, not worth the price, not worth the hassle and definitely not worth the stomach cramps from the crappy food!Ǿ
We figured, "hey, we want to eat where Rob Ford eats!", so we scheduled the City Hall cafeteria into our breakfast tour. It may have a fancy name, but it's basically the CIty Hall cafeteria.

At 9:30 on a Monday, the short order cook wasn't very busy, but there were 4 of us placing orders directly to him. He kept everything straight, was very efficient and handed us our plates sending us on our way. Nothing fancy.

Eggs - my "over easy" were done in a pan in some kind of oil. T's "sunny side up" were started in a pan, and finished on the griddle (?), and O's omelet was done on the griddle.

"Home Fries" - not really home fries, as these potatoes appeared to have been par boiled (and perhaps pan fried first), but then were deep fried to heat them up. They were then tossed in a large bowl with raw onions and green peppers and lightly spiced. They were just OK.

Toast - above average, thick sliced brown toast that had some texture. Not just brown "wonder" bread.

Coffee - below average, served in paper cups, and charged by the cup (no refills).

My breakfast (no meat) including the first large cup of coffee, was a steal at under 6 bucks. If you are in the area and craving a no-frills breakfast, this place fits the bill.Ǿ
I'm incredibly shocked that the reviews of this place are anything less than stellar. My entire team works in different parts of the province but our head office is downtown, near city hall. Every time we're downtown for a meeting, we end up at Cafe on the Square, no question. You can get a fresh, quality meal for a great price.  From what I can remember I'd say between $7.50 and $9 for a full meal - pasta with a salad, turkey with mashed potatoes and vegetables, etc. I'd say that's pretty good given that you're paying around the same for a fast food combo these days. They usually have three daily specials, I believe. In my experience, at least one of them will be vegetarian.

They're incredibly fast, as it's cafeteria style. Don't think I've ever waited for more than five minutes. There are "bus boys" in the eating area that pick up your trays are good at finding you a good spot to sit if they see you sitting around. You'll see the normal Bay Street/City Hall workers lunch crowd. Honestly, I'm shocked that the reviews are as bad as they are.Ǿ
Hands-down the best healthy lunch in this part of downtown.

They always have one vegetarian option, one fish, one meat, and a roast chicken. Also a soup, which I assume changes daily.  You can also get sandwiches made to order, salads, and pasta cooked to order.  Great selection of (non-alcoholic) beverages, amazing desserts (6 types of squares, all yummy, plus cookies). Yogurt, fruit, chips, etc.

Served by super-friendly staff at reasonable prices. I am so lucky to have this place near my work! (It only doesn't get 5 stars because it IS a cafeteria)Ǿ
I've walked past this place on several occasions and often wondered what it would be like for lunch. It has a pleasant interior. Near the courts. Inside city hall. A couple of good looking suits on site.  But when I did go inside for lunch, I forgot about daydream land and just ate, skimmed one of the magazines they have, played on my phone and left to return to my duties.

I appreciate the fact they have home made cooking as well as sandwiches. I ordered the veggie lasagna with a side order of ceasar salad. I didn't like the salad, but I did enjoy the lasagna! It was spicy! The portion was equally generous. I noticed another gentleman ordered the roast chicken and veggies; now that was a generous dish. One I will get next time.Ǿ
So shitty, the service is horrible and it's  over priced, I had finished my lunch and was reading when the supervisor told me I was being 'kicked out' because there was a lunch rush... I would understand that explanation if it was actually busy but all the tables around me were empty. When I mentioned that to him he said that it was going to fill up and that the library was right next door, which I thought was pretty rude considering I just ate. I would give them zero stars if I could, I'll never go back there againǾ
Really gross food. Hasn't changed with the times. 
Good luck finding something healthy to eat there. 
Baked goods are old & stale (I've personally seen them put out the same items that don't sell day in & out).
Same menu for a decade. Staff unfriendly.
No one knows how to make a cappuccino or Americano even though it's on the menu.
I can't believe something better can't be offered in such a prime location.
The interior is decent enough.Ǿ
As usual. I'm disappointed with not being able to give 0 stars. 

Today's food was horrendous. The worst. I had the sheppards pie with veg. 

The sheppards pie was a disaster. It was so dry I thought it was blood pudding. No HP sauce to lighten it up I had to cover it with Tabasco and Heinz 57 to swallow it. 

The roasted veg tasted so much like fish I thought I was going to throw up. Obviously they were steamed together in the steamer. 

I don't recommend this place to anyone. There's way better food around. Seek and ye shall find. 

GrossǾ
A good year-round cafeteria found inside city hall. Serves all kinds of lunch items, coffee and baked goods, salads, sandwiches and hot dishes like baked tilapia, lasagna and roast chicken. My favorite is the breaded veal with peppercorn sauce. 

Service is a bit uneven, sometimes very pleasant and sometimes a bit surly. The outside has a nice patio that's great in the summer for listening to all the music events at Nathan Phillips Square. The interior is warm and cozy, with mood lighting giving it a pleasant bistro ambience. 

Food items rotate daily, with a set menu week long and different signature dishes on each weekday. Not open on weekends and evenings, so this place is only for the breakfast and lunch crowd. Overall and good but not amazing experience.Ǿ
Food is okay but pricey (which is not surprising due to location). 
Service, however, is horrible. We bought drinks and a snack and sat down at the patio. My friend had her own food. The manager approached us and said there is a "no outside food policy". We decided to leave and he kept standing over us until we packed our things and left. I politely told him we were leaving, however he continued standing and watching. I felt like i was a criminal who was getting walked out. Embarrassing... There was no need to be rude. I will not be coming back.Ǿ
You can't get a better view of Toronto than from here. 
The square is a hive of activity, and so is the city hall foyer much of the time. This isn't just a place where people come to do business with city officials. People come here to get married, make deputations, skate, enjoy live music, see art shows, join protest demonstrations.
The meals here are middle of the road cafeteria. 
But they could be so much more if they took on the responsibility to be a looking glass on Toronto, to provide a showplace for local and sustainable food from the nearby Greenbelt, to show the variety and vitality of the multicultural cuisines available in the city, to give rising chefs a chance to serve new and exciting dishes. 

In my book, Food for City Building, to a large extent based on Toronto experiences, I try to show how food can be used as a best supporting actor. The stars of the show, the people hanging out around City Hall, deserve a food scene that offers that support.  Wayne rǾ
I really like this place for lunch! It feels like I'm eating at a restaurant (not cafeteria) and super fresh! I've had a couple of their meals and I love chicken and potatoes with veggies or fish.