I don't get it. The food was average. The space was pretty, but that's about it. 

We had a separate server for food and beverage service. They both wanted to take our orders at the exact same time. It was weird and annoying. 

I would not come back.笑
I ordered the chicken and waffles and the chicken on the inside was purple. I told my waiter and he took it back, but said it wasn't undercooked it was dark meat. This did not sit well with me because I know my fried chicken y'all. Then they brought me a new one and the chicken was pink. I ate one of the pieces and the waffle. The waffle was soggy. My mom didn't like her steak and eggs but it was all cooked throughly. I didn't think the food was that great. Overpriced.笑
The blue cheese salad with nuts and dried fruit really hit the stop.  It was topped off with the banana fosters Sunday with was also very good bit with a little too much whip cream笑
My colleagues (five of us total) stopped here for a bite to eat on our way back to our hotel rooms (around 9pm).  They sat us in a booth, which even with three people on one side, was still plenty of space.

I ordered the Fish & Chips which were very good!  I believe the meal came with three pieces (strips) of fish, which were decent size.  The fish was very hot (temperature, not spice) and delicious!  There was a large amount of breading; however, was easy to remove if you did not want as much.  The meal also came with a good amount of fries as well, which were served hot.

Our waitress (I believe her name was Colleen) was very good about checking in with us to ensure that we had everything that we needed.  And if we didn't have it, she made sure that we got it.

A few of my colleagues ordered breakfast items as their meals, and as mentioned earlier, was around 9pm at night.笑
We decided to eat breakfast here two days ago, since we were staying at the hotel.  I've been wanting buttermilk pancakes since seeing a picture of them on a menu in our room.  We had to wait in a long line for about 20 minutes before we were seated.  We had a party of 4 and all of us enjoyed our meals.  Our server was very pleasant and nice.  Besides a long wait, the other thing that disappointed us was the price....$100 for 4 of us!!  Ouch!   I know everything in Vegas is expensive, but Wow!  I only had pancakes, no side of bacon.  Hubby had the 2 egg breakfast with a kids size order of pancakes, and the other 2 in our party also had eggs with bacon, potatoes and toast.  2 of us had ordered coffee, so we had a carafe of coffee on our table.  My husband really liked the little jar of strawberry jam that was on our table.  We had pastries and coffee/juice the next day at a different place...much cheaper.   I may return here again some day, but will remember that this place is pricey.笑
My mom and I stopped in for breakfast on a Thursday morning- it was recommended to us by a staff member at the Monte Carlo. The place was pretty full and two parties of four in front of us in line. However, we only waited for about 2 minutes and the hostess offered us two seats at the bar. We said sure and were sat in front of a very quaint and clean subway tiled bar. 
We were immediately acknowledged by the bartender, Edgar. He asked what we would like to drink- I ordered a Mimosa and my mom was still looking over the beverage menu.
Edgar asked if she wanted Tequila (my mom is 76 years old!) and my mom said sure!   LOL
She actually ordered the coffee and we took our time to look over the food menu. They had a great breakfast selection and the food making it's way past us had great presentation and looked so fresh!  I decided upon the egg white omelet and added swiss cheese, spinach and mushrooms. Mom ordered the all-American breakfast with eggs scrambled, bacon crisp and dry whole wheat toast. It did not take very long for our breakfast at all, about 12 minutes and it was FABULOUS! My omelet was perfectly cooked and the smashbrowns were addicting! 
I wanted to eat them all but they provide a good size portion and I was full after a few bites. My mom was very happy with her breakfast as well- everything came out as she had requested.  Edgar and the other guy behind the bar, Eren, kept our water and coffee filled and made pleasant conversation with us during out meal. I would definitely recommend this place- food and service were great!!!笑
Had the chicken fried steak and eggs and it was outstanding. Highly recommend taking a quick break from the Vegas chaos to eat here. Enjoy.笑
We came here twice during our stay in Las Vegas. I would give the restaurant a 3.5 if half stars were allowed, but I bumped it up to a 4 only because during both our visits the service was really friendly. 

Food on the first day was really awesome. We went for dinner on Friday. There was no wait and were seated immediately. Not everyone in our party arrived on time, but they let us sit at a table and enjoy our waters without any pressure to order to hurry our other late guests. We had chicken and waffles, the white chocolate brioche french toast, granola and yogurt, and seared salmon. All were so delicious this first night. Chicken was juicy, french toast was AMAZING (so many berries for each bite!), salmon was tender and flavorful. 

The next day, we came back for breakfast. We decided to bring another friend since we had a great time the first time. It was busier since it was breakfast time for a restaurant that specializes in breakfast food. So we expected to wait. The line went fairly quickly. They told us 20 minutes to wait and we were seated in 15. Not bad. I told my friend about our great food the night before, so she ordered the chicken and waffles. I ordered the same french toast as before because it was too delicious not to get it again. The french toast was good but not as great as the night before. It was a bit overcooked and dry, especially around the crust. Thank goodness it had berries on it to counter the dryness. My friend's chicken was overly dry. It was pretty disappointing since it was breakfast time and you'd think the breakfast  food would be served better than during dinner time at least to keep people coming during these popular hours. Our drinks were forgotten and we had to ask for them after our food was already served. Our server was a sweetheart, though, and apologized and gave us an extra drink to make up for it. This is why I rounded up the star rating to 4 stars instead of rounding down to 3. 

I wish the food could have been more consistent. If we had the second day experience the first time we came, we probably wouldn't have recommended it to our friends. I'm not sure I'll be coming back again. Not sure the third time will be as good as the first time or as bad as the second. So many other choices to eat in Vegas. I enjoyed the service immensely, though. Try the place at least once. See for yourself. 

Summary: 
Food - inconsistent; delicious the first visit, dry and not prepared as well the second time around.

Service - very friendly; loved it

Recommendation - Hard to say. Try it for yourself. Food may be a hit or miss. Service hopefully will not disappoint, though.笑
I just wanted to thank the kitchen staff about being so great regarding my sons food allergies.  Today, the chef came out personally to discuss it and went above and beyond to make something for him that he could eat! Thank you again! 

I wouldn't say they have a gourmet menu by any means, but the food was tasty and potions were nice. I would go back for sure.笑
the food is only okay but it takes forever to come to the table and the service was rude and seemed annoyed that we were ordering food, so disrespectful. lots of things are dirty. everything is also very expensive but for dry food! i got the fish and chips and there was barely any fish inside. the turkeyin my sandwich was dry, eggs were disgusting笑
At Pantry breakfast menu is offered 24/7 in a casual setting.

Item selected:

- White chocolate brioche french toast, berry compote & whipped mascarpone
- Pork chop schnitzel with kitchen fries, arugula, pickled lemon jam
- Cobb salad (half)

The food was solid. I liked the schnitzel had sweet jam on it, it prevented the whole slab of fried meat from being boring. Also the french toast was good however it's a bit on the sweeter side.

Considering it's in the Mirage, pricing was set on the reasonable side.笑
Food was exceptional!
Berry french toast was MORE THAN filling!
Prices were actually decent for Vegas.
Only issue was that some of the tables (one that we were at) are kind of close together (about 6 inches apart) so you kind of feel like you are dining community style.
I would have had more issue with it if I had had a serious night of indulgence and just wanted to keep low, but luckily I did not and the people at the next table were friendly and entertaining.
It also got a little loud in there for normal conversation and it was only about 2/3 of the way full.
Great people watching spot and a great breakfast addition to Mirage!笑
I'm such a sucker for marketing, so I was immediately drawn in by the homey, farm to table feel of this restaurant. I came here after seeing a show at the Mirage. We were sat immediately, however it took the staff about 10 minutes before they even brought us water & took our drink orders. It then took another 15 before someone took our food order. So we've now been in the restaurant for 30 minutes when they START cooking our food. Another 20 minutes goes by before getting our food, which was less than mediocre. They were very stingy with the portions. My sandwich had more bread than turkey, which would have been bearable if it actually tasted good, which it didn't. So 1 hr & 45 minutes later, we left very disappointed, wishing we had just went to the Carnegie Deli.笑
Four of us went to grab some brunch here on a Thursday. The menu is very appealing with a good amount of good sounding food. We ordered the white chocolate French toast, grilled cheese and huevos rancheros. My friend also ordered the tomato soup as an appetizer. The food came within about 10 minutes. Looking just as pictured on the reviews here, meaning beautifully presented. All dishes were great!!!! They were fresh and tasty. The only thing I thought was not good here was the service. She was quite slow and not very attentive. Nonetheless, I recommend this place笑
I recommend this place to anyone staying at the Mirage hotel accompanied by children. The restaurant offers a great selection of basic dishes that appeal to children. It is located  next to the hotel room elevators which makes it convenient for parents and children. You'll avoid having to walk past the casino floor where children aren't welcomed. The place is well lit with friendly staff. Kids menu available. 

Only down fall (hence not a 5 star) is that if you need to use a restroom, you won't find one in here. You'll need to exit the restaurant and be forced to walk through the casino floor to the nearest ones.笑
We were staying at the Mirage and thought this place looked really cute, so we were determined to try this place for brunch. It's also open 24 hours, by the way.

We came here around 9:30 am on a Sunday and there was a short 20 minute wait for a table of 4. When we sat down, they already had a carafe of hot coffee ready for us.

We ordered a few things for the table to share: French toast, eggs Benedict, pastrami hash and cheddar biscuits. All the food was pretty ok in general. I thought all the dishes were pretty bland and needed lots of hot sauce. I opted for Tapatio because I didn't like the jalapeño one that everyone raves about. The pastrami hash had giant chunks of fat in it that I had to spit out once I started chewing. I did like the shaved ham in the eggs Benedict though. However, I've definitely had better brunches.

The decor in here follows the lines of industrial chic so I loved sitting on the booth and sipping my coffee. They also have food-related sayings that seem inspirational.笑
I have stayed here a few times and this is my joint.  The morning staff at the bar get your coffee and water rolling in record time... and then are super fast and good at getting your breakfast happening.

Also ate there a few times for lunch and dinner.  I prefer the salads (dressing on the side).
Excellent Cobb salad!笑
Great stop after watching NBA summer league. Fish tacos were really good. Loved the verde salsa & crisp Cole slaw. 

Service was okay, slow. Guess at 11pm I should have lower expectations.

I'd like to try it when maybe it's busier & they are cranking good out


So, next am I grabbed a regular coffee, $5.41! That was for an 8oz! Tasted fine, but didn't expect that much! Haha笑
Staying at the Mirage....  Lots of food places to choose from but a bit more limited for breakfast.  This place gets packed in the morning due to the fact that there was a big packaging trade show in town and there are no coffee makers in the room.  This is a decent breakfast spot but the food is not all that great.  Decent enough grub but the gourmet in me was not really satisfied.  Over the week I tried the oatmeal, juices, coffee, fruits, poached eggs, bacon, lox and bagel platter.  Quality is decent, presentation is decent, prices were Vegas-style high and the service was ok.  Nothing special, but the place will always be packed based on the location.笑
Horrible service. Wanted to hit this place up before going to the See the Tigers and we could not get someone to take a food order. We kept asking the lady who brought us our drink and she would not take our order or give our order to the waitress. Ultimately only had time for the pretzel and it came to us with the cheese all grainy and a think film on top like it was old. Not good at all. The table next to us had food come out cold and another table had food come out at different times. 
I would not recommend this place.笑
This review is based on my latest and probably last meal at this establishment. From beginning to end it was handled very poorly by the staff and management. It was a number of mistakes that were made that grabbed my attention. 

Our appetizers came out about 30 seconds before our main course came out. There was a mistake with my order and was sent back to the kitchen to be replaced with the correct order. By the time my food returned, our party had finished their food and was ready to leave. My food was brought to the table by the chef, which was a nice gesture. Both the chef and waitress came to the table, they just put the food on the table and walked away, not a word from either of them.  Also, when my food arrived, there was another mistake, my sandwich was not cut and the knives on the table weren't sharp enough for me to cut it myself. 

The level of unprofessional behavior from the staff at the restaurant was not what I would expect at any establishment, much less at a hotel like the Mirage. There was one employee who was very friendly and helpful, it was a man who was clearing the tables. 

I wish the manager had come by our table so that I could speak to him/her about the situation and have a positive resolution, but we never saw the manager. Might as well have had a chimpanzee in a suit with a manager tag on his chest. It's a shame, because I was looking forward to returning in the morning for some pancakes, but that won't be happening anytime soon.笑
My friend and I had the best experience here at the Pantry. The food was excellent and service was great. Colleen took care of us and she made our visit even more enjoyable. The pancakes and breakfast plates were to die for and Colleen's care and knowledge ensures that we will be returning. Wonderful establishment!笑
We ordered the mahi mahi tacos and the garden burger the other day and they were great! Our waiter from Spain was very friendly and treated us great. The beers were on point and the ambience was great. Recommend the Pantry to all including families.笑
Janel was the waitress we were so blessed with. This was my first time in Vegas and our first stop was to get some food. Her personality and genuine attitude exuded. She ensured we had the right drinks and everything we needed with our meals. We had the ultimate experience and will definitely be back again! I highly recommend this establishment!笑
Great place to grab breakfast at any time of the day. The Smash Browns are delicious. Even if you're stopping by for lunch you should ask to sub fries for Smash Browns.

Also, don't miss out on the fresh mini donuts. They remind me of a fair!笑
What can I say but it's a diner in the Mirage hotel. We simply came here because we were hungry and we needed a place that had gluten-free options as a guest of ours is allergic to gluten. And seeing that we were going to see LOVE following dinner, we wanted to ensure our guest was comfortable and would enjoy the show.

Just a heads up, if you're playing My Vegas, the Pantry reward is only good in the morning.

My nephew had the Backyard Burger, no bun which he said he enjoyed.

My niece ordered the Mahi tacos, which she really enjoyed.

My husband ordered the chowder and the loaded waffle fries. Which I thought was just okay.

And for me, I got a half Cobb salad and the truffle mac and cheese. Which I thought was just okay.

Customer service was good. I was bummed when the check came before we could ask for dessert. But that's okay as I thought this would give us an opportunity to go elsewhere for desserrt after the show.

Total experience was just okay.笑
We ate here twice on our recent trip. I am still craving their donuts!!! Love the sauces they are served with and the fact that they are made to order. Everything tastes fresh. Love the feel of the restaurant. Will be coming here every time I'm in town.笑
Great little eclectic diner in The Mirage! I'm not a big fan of most diner food- it's usually generic or heavy on the grease. However, Pantry provides a big enough twist with semi-healthy (and fresh!) options to keep me wanting to come back for more.

The atmosphere of Pantry is best described as a down home bakery, with black and white accents and funky accessories dotting the walls. My husband immediately noticed how quirky and inviting it looked as we walked by, asking if we could stop in for lunch. Not so set on diner food yet noticing this one's unique appeal, I reluctantly agreed.  

I ordered the turkey club sandwich.  Being someone that doesn't eat red meat, my options were limited on their menu.  Honestly I was afraid I was going to get boring Oscar Meyer turkey on a stale roll and was already preparing to make this my first and last visit.  The inclusion of turkey bacon and avocado on the sandwich had me hoping I might be wrong, but I didn't hold my breath. Luckily when the food arrived I was pleasantly surprised. My roll was soft and fresh, the turkey thinly sliced and of high quality, with thick avocado and lettuce piled high on top. A pickle, pickled vegetables and metal container of french fries rounded out my plate. The presentation was spot on and the taste was pretty much on par with how it looked. No, this wasn't the best food I had ever had, but it was pretty damn good for a diner in The Mirage!

My husband's spinach feta omelet with roasted tomatoes looked pretty tasty as well. It was cooked to perfection with a side of arugula and whole wheat toast. Fresh jam was also available on the table. Upon finishing his plate, he told me this might be the best breakfast he's had in Vegas thus far (and we usually go twice a year). Upon looking at the hotel's magazine later, Pantry also offers Valrhona "Grand Cru" milk chocolate pancakes. Chunks of chocolate piled atop freshly made pancakes? Yes Please!  I know we'll be back.笑
Food was good, and unlike some we didn't have to wait to be seated.  However, the food took forever and my eggs were cold when I finally got them.  I was too hungry to complain.  Service wasn't great, we sat for a while with empty water and drink glasses.  Lastly, it was expensive but probably average for Vegas it was $78 before tip for breakfast for 2.笑
Colleen is probably one of the better servers here in LV. Food wise: 
5 +++ for Franks Bagel Benny! 
2.5 for the Mahi Mahi Tacos. Disappointed as we expected it to be cooked a bit better. All in all, great little dining place that serves breakfast food 24/hr a day. I would definitely come back.笑
Oh my goodness! You have to try the Frank's bagel Benedict, you will NOT be disappointed! Had to wait in a small line for brunch but it was worth it. Such a cute setup and great atmosphere. They have turkey bacon for all the non-pork eaters!笑
I had an extreme great experience dinning here. And turned out to have all my meals here. All the dishes I tried out are extremely good and fresh. Pancakes are highly recommended. I will recommend all my friends here.笑
The coolest thing about Pantry is probably that it's open 24/7. This makes it quite convenient. I had two meals there and I think my room service was made by Pantry, so technically that's three meals there in three days. The food is good and if you make the right choices, you can eat good food at a food court price in a pretty restaurant. 

My first time there, I ordered peppermint tea and cheddar biscuits. The tea was brought to me in a white tea pot and I had at least three cups. I've had better cheddar biscuits in my life - they weren't overly cheddar-y, but they were good enough and quite filling. They were served with honey and butter, for which I can't vouch as I had neither. I think the total was $6 before tax. 

I had a very early meal at Pantry the day I left Las Vegas. I ordered a grilled cheese and tomato soup, but they were out of tomato soup and wouldn't be abler to serve any more until after 11 a.m. when they started lunch again (I think they serve only breakfast between 5 or 6 and 11 a.m.). I was served fries even though I hadn't ordered them, but I wasn't charged for them. The grilled cheese was good. I'd have it again. I also had Pantry's ice cream sundae. I don't recall whether that was the official name of it or whether it was called something else. It was very large and I could only eat about 2/3 of it. I believe it had strawberry, vanilla and chocolate ice cream with hot fudge. 

If you're staying at the Mirage a few days, take advantage of Pantry.笑
Great quality food for post 1 OAK partying. Quality is really good, service is slow, but hey, who cares. Its pricier than fast food/pizza grab n gos, but you can eat a good burger, great breakfast and sober up enough to start that 6 am run at the blackjack table.笑
Decided to dine here as a random pick since we don't visit the Mirage often. First off, if there's an "M-life" line for card holders it would be nice if the hostess seated that way. There were three groups seated before us as we waited in the "VIP" line. 

We got seated at the front of the restaurant, which provided for a better view of the casino but the draft in there was impeccably irritating. However, the look and atmosphere of the location is cute and welcoming. They were quite busy and we didn't get a chance to ask for a table change. 
Our server was Zayra, who was very nice and attentive. However, the service in general was slow, and I had to dash out of that drafty area when we ate and my husband waited to pay for the bill. 

Luckily, the food was excellent. We shared the breakfast combination and everything tasted great, even the toast. I'm really glad they didn't get breakfast wrong, otherwise it would be a very sad situation.笑
We were here for a bachelorette party and had a great experience! Dinner was delicious and Colleen was extremely accommodating! Amazing service! Thank you!!笑
Is the food a bit pricey? Yes but all the food in the hotels is on the Vegas Strip.

Difference here is they are open 24 hours, the service was beyond great and the food is outstanding. On the weekends be ready for a 15-20 minutes wait after 9AM but worth it.

I recommend the chicken & waffles, best thing is they serve it all day. Also present your M Life card to get a discount off your bill.笑
Wrost grill cheese sandwich ever! Only two ways to accomplish this, burnt, under cooked or served cold! I got it cold .  Wife got a bland flat bread pizza! Don't eat here unless you want over priced disappointing meals.笑
After leaving the secret garden and dolphin habitat when it closed at 5:30, we headed here to feed a starving toddler. We had to wait a bit for a table for six, but it was easy for all the couples. 

We ordered happy hour foods: $5 calamari bowl, $5 chicken wings (6 wings), and then two kid's meals: the waffles with fruit and whipped butter, and the turkey sandwich with fries. Then when my parents came to join us, we ordered truffle mac and cheese and the ribs entree. 

We got our waters and a milk really quickly, but the waitress took some time to take our orders. The food took a bit to make, but not too bad. 

Calamari: Not great, it was crunchy, but the breading left a lot to be desired. It surprisingly wasn't salty enough, and was really tasteless- but REALLY crunchy. I wouldn't get it again. Came with limes and the usual marinara sauce. 

Chicken wings: pretty tasty. Good amount of sauce. Came with ranch. 

The turkey sandwich: I didn't eat it, but it was pretty thick, so lots of turkey, mayo, and fries! 

The waffles: the best part of our meal. I asked for whipped cream on the side, and well, I basically used the waffles as a vehicle for whipped cream delivery. So good.

Truffle mac and cheese: Truffle flavor is there, but there wasn't enough cheese! It just seemed like eating pasta with truffle oil. 

The ribs: sauce is super salty (hah!), I couldn't withstand eating more than one rib (at that point in the meal). 

Good: waffles (kid's dish)
Meh: truffle mac and cheese, ribs
Bad: Calamari

If I could, I would just go in and order all the kid's meals. They're the cutest, smallish servings, so you can try a lot of the dishes. :P笑
Had the Brits fish and chips . A little oily for me but it was good . The prices are too high. The staff was super nice and always checking on me. The mason jar combo dessert is cute. I would try it again for breakfast. 
The only got a 4 star because of the noise of all the people walking by and the people outside of it and fumes vaping hit us. They should put something to stop everyone from staring or looking over. It's odd while you eat that the crowd stares in right next to your face. 
Also the annoying drunk ladies behind us being too loud. They were so intoxicated one kept falling asleep at the table while the other yelled for her to wake . They should have politely asked them to tone it down.笑
Food was outstanding - especially the buttermilk pancakes.  Service is lukewarm!  If you don't need friendly service in your dining experience, then you'll like this place.  Decor is really cute.笑
I was there in March for the NARPM conference. Not only was the food amazing, but the service was fabulous! Janel was our server; she was SUPER friendly and delightful. Thank you, Janel, for making our experience wonderful!笑
I am not usually one to do the restaurants inside of the big hotels on the strip as I find the food sub par and they tend to be overpriced.  BUT, not this place.  Decent prices (for the strip) and I literally had the best pancakes of my life here.  I was at the Mirage for four nights on a recent work trip and did not have a car.  When I checked into my room there was a picture of the Pantry's pancakes on the cover of the room service menu.  They looked scrumptious so on day two I succumbed to my yearning for pancakes and went downstairs.  So you know how usually the picture never looks like what you actually get when it comes to food in restaurants?  Not this time!  The pancakes looked as good, if not better than the picture and tasted exactly as great as the description said they would.  Served with butter and warm real maple syrup.  If you love pancakes, give them a try here -- totally worth it.笑
I really loved this place!! Very cute decor! Great ambiance. The hostess was very friendly. All of us loved our breakfast. The only reason I'm holding back a star is because of our waiter. He was very nice but kept forgetting to bring things to us and he got some of our order wrong. But overall, this place is much better than the BB Kings that was there before. I will definitely go back.笑
The food is really good including the biscuits and gravy.  Service is horrible so be patient.  Luis was not fast or very good but the food was worth the price.  $15 to $20 for breakfast笑
It wasn't terrible but it wasn't great. Fish and chips, heavy batter and soggy fries. Truffle Mac was gross, reminiscent of velveeta with a heavy dose of truffle oil. Nothing here to write home about.笑
Jonel the server we had was absolutely amazing! We went back just to say hi. The food was amazing, and I so would recommend the house chips with truffle and parm. If you go to the mirage go visit Jonel!! She is the best!!笑
This place has horrible service. Me and my husband waited over 25 minutes for shrimp and grits. When a party of 5 that showed up got served the same time as us. They have only been here for 10 minutes. I wasn't ready to order. So I told my husband to go ahead. Our waiter never came back to us. So I left hungry and my husband had dinner.笑
Went there twice while staying at the Mirage. There was a little bit of a wait, the food was delicious. I had the biscuits with gravy and the potato hash. Delicious! Had pancakes and bacon. Yummy too!  This place will be on my list for the next trip to Vegas. Plus it's 24 hours. Can't beat that!笑
My boyfriend and I first ate here, after a night of drinking, when they first opened and had a more extensive late night menu. Although the service was slow then, the food was good enough for us to give it another try tonight months later. 

I will never eat here again. They were out of most things on the menu. We decided to just order two soups. The soup wasn't good and came out piping hot to the point where I have burns on my tongue, even after waiting a few minutes. It didn't come with bread and when I asked the waitress she said I couldn't have a single slice but there is bread we could purchase. I don't care about spending money, even the additional $4 for bread wouldn't have bothered me so much but come on its a restaurant that served us nothing while we waited and were out of more things than that which were available. 

So yeah, I wish we would've just ate at home tonight or the many other late night establishments in vegas where you can feel they want you to be happy as a customer.笑
The worst experience in many many years. Ordered breakfast of steak and eggs. Asked for over medium eggs and a medium cooked steak. The eggs were at best sunny side up with yoke and whites still runny. The steak looked like shoe leather that had been in the sun for years. The meal was not appealing nor edible. The waitress made excuses and acted as though I was crazy for sending the meal back without "trying" it first. I saw enough to know I was not eating it. 

Sent it back. After 30-40 minutes and the manager and condescending waitress the second attempt was delivered. Food was better but not worth the money. Steak was tough and lacked flavor. 

Do not waste your time eating here. You will be disappointed and pissed.笑
Omg.. Where is my food.. Yes I admit, it's late. It's 3am but omg it TAKES FOREVERto get food.. I don't know where the cook is at .. Maybe there's only 1 cook for all these people.. TERRIBLE. I'm very disappointed .. Blah blah.. Order with time on your hands.. The wait for the food is terrible.笑
The Pantry in The Mirage has EXCELLENT food!  Veggie burger is the BEST ever!  Huevas  Rancheros Excellent!  corned beef hash excellent! Eggs Benedict excellent!笑
Went to the 24 hour cafe.  But it was closed.  Not to sure how you can advertise 24 hours in Vegas and put up a closed sign but they do.  Unfortunately mgm has become a money grab no service and nickel and dime you for everything.  Last time I stay at a MGM resort.  I had to check on some stuff for work I asked to use there business Center they said although there is free internet in the casino to use the internet at there business Center there is a charge.  I went to the fitness Center and I have paid the resort fees and asked can I use the basic spa facilities ie showers nope it's an extra $35 a day over and above the $35 a day resort fees.   Never again will I go to a MGM resort.  Been going to Ceasar's resorts and wasn't sure on there service unfortunately MGM has lost site of customer service.   Last nickel they get of mine and I come to Vegas 4-5 times a year.  If I could give zero stars to MGM I would.笑
Ate breakfast here, 12/26/16, on day two of our Vegas trip. We were seated after only waiting a few minutes, place was pretty busy too.

Hubby ordered the Chicken Fried Steak and Eggs and I opted for the Southern Cheddar Chive Biscuit and Eggs, both came with smashed potatoes. Loved the smashed potatoes, boy do they fill you up, couldn't finish everything and I was pretty damn hungry. Both the hubby and I really enjoyed the gravy and each our our eggs were cooked just the way we like them.

Hubby said Chicken Fried Steak was yummy, good flavor, just the right amount of crisp and the perfect amount of gravy.

Our server Luis, was attentive and friendly. Food came out within a reasonable amount after we ordered, even though the place was pretty busy. Coffee was pretty good too and our bill was reasonable for eating in the hotel. We'll most likely eat here again as we have a few days left of our trip, the location is great (right by the elevators) and prices are decent.笑
We went there to grab a bite to eat before a show. Janel was our server, she was wonderful. Our dinner was out in a short time. Janel kept asking us if we needed anything. We wll go back to the pantry.笑
Hands down the best burger I've had in a long time. If going by yourself, sit at the bar and chat it up with the very friendly and informed bartender. It's fairly new, so decor is super clean and inviting.笑
This restaurant is out of this world and has great prices too. When we stay at the Mirage we eat every meal here. The decor is so cute. The staff is incredible and the food is just fantastic. They are open 24 hours and serve breakfast all day. Their berry french toast is amazing as are their omelettes. I also love their pretzels, Caprese flat bread, burgers, salads, and fish and chips. Their donuts, bread pudding, banana fosters ice cream, and carrot cake. We took my husband's family from England and they said it was the best meal they had in Vegas, and my parents loved it as well. You can also order carry out and pick it up. The manager Rebecca is fantastic. So So good. Run to the Pantry.笑
Had pre-show drinks and some appetizers,  server was fantastic, she really hustled to get our food and drink so we could get  to the show with plenty of time.   Food was very good,  the calamari was crispy and well prepared  while the flat bread pizza was pretty much average not disappointing at all.笑
Good service, good food! Awesome orange juice!!! Love the atmosphere! Plus I find it hard to find breakfast in Vegas sometimes! If you are a gold card or higher you can skip the line! And there usually is one!!笑
Not worth it. Cute atmosphere, turkey sandwich wasn't bad but grilled cheese was very plain and not worth $13. Came in at 1am to get food to go and took over 30 minutes and they were already out of the first three things we tried to order on the menu. First server behind the bar wasn't very friendly, which kind of set the tone. Second blonde male server that assisted us was better.笑
Janel is the best server ever! She is friendly, quick and all around charming. The food was delicious. The chocolate chip pancakes were amazing. The Steak was juicy and cooked to perfection. The salmon was perfectly cooked and was bursting with flavor. The arugula salad was also outstanding. An all around great dining experience!笑
Wow, this place was loud! It was like a club with no music. It took 20 minutes to get seated for lunch around noon. The food was a but pricy- $18 for a sandwich and fries. It was very good, though. Service was good. It was just so loud.笑
Best breakfast I have ever had! Everything we ordered was amazing. I had the steak and eggs and my fiancé ordered the breakfast sandwich. We also split a side of Pop's buttermilk pancakes. The wait was long but well worth it.笑
First we waited in line for 30 minutes. When we finally got inside , we ordered our food with NO PORK. The waitress comes with our food after waiting FOREVER and guess what PORK on my omelet. So I had to wait again for another 30 minutes. While I was waiting I tried the others food. Ahhhh..... hardly better than I hop. When my omelet with no pork came I ended putting it to go. So I ask for a bag and there's a BUTTERFLY inside. I completely lost my appetite. We call the UNPROFESSIONAL manager and she was no help. We ended up pay full price for bad service and ok food and a butterfly inside my bag. We tipped low $..Probably too much. And I'm taking  my time on vacation just to WARN you guys not to go here.笑
This place is so adorable and I absolutely love the vibe. The selection of food was very accommodating and it tasted amazing as well. I ordered the eggs Benedict and it definitely did not disappoint! If you're looking for a cute place with well priced food, I would highly recommend Pantry.笑
Great 24hour restaurant. For dinner I got the small plates: calamari and loaded waffle fries. The calamari was ok not a lot of flavor, waffles fries were good. For lunch I tried the chicken and waffles, which was really good. The prices are reasonable, you get a lot of food for your $笑
Currently in my room at the mirage,  which is the only reason I ate here. Don't do it. We waited quite a while to be seated (which is fine) but after we ordered our food we sat for at least 40 minutes. I was trying to be patient and got that "I see my food coming excitement" only to be completely let down. Both my and my husband's food was cold! All that waiting for cold food? We didn't say anything because we had already waited too long, but it was clear they just let our food sit there and forgot to bring it to us. The guy seated next to us got the wrong pancakes and they forgot to bring his fruit out. They really need to get it together. Won't be back.笑
We had dinner here on 4/27/2016 and it was really busy at about 11pm. Our waiter was the best, I really wish I could remember his name. It took a little while for the food to come out, my husband finished his second beer before it arrived. The waiter came by and asked if we had gotten our food yet and we said no, he said that was unacceptable and unbeknown to us he went and spoke to the assistant manager. The food arrived and my husband ordered the Texas Pete fried chicken and that whole plate was fabulous. The chicken was juicy and the potato carrot mash is really amazing. I had the pretzel with the beer cheese sauce and it was really good. We will definitely eat here again. As we were finishing our meal, the assistant manager came by to apologize for the wait time and he told us he took our drinks off the bill as an apology and that dessert was on them. This was completely unexpected and unnecessary for us at least as we were not in a rush this time. We were too full for dessert this time but had a fabulous time here at The Pantry and will be back. Also, every time we go the homemade marmalade's are so very good. It is a must visit just for these.笑
Had an amazing lunch at the pantry while visiting the Mirage.  We were served by Janel who was adorable and just a great waitress.  Felt like she was an old friend.  I had the fish and chips while my friends both had the club sandwich.  Everyone raved about how amazing and fresh everything tasted.  Sandwiches, homemade pickles, fries, tartar sauce..all was simply delicious.   Had a great experience in a cozy bistro setting from start to finish!  Also, the fresh donut holes are worth the splurge.笑
We were craving some food at 4 am and decided to try this place out! It's located in the Mirage. Finding it was kind of odd, but we got sat immediately so that made up for it. They had everything from burgers, to salads, to huevos rancheros. I got the chicken fried steak and eggs ($17) with a side of mac n cheese ($7). The fried steak came with a side of potatoes as well, some eggs, and toast. I loved the potatoes. It was simple but filling. The chicken fried steak was really good. Perfectly crispy, not too battered, and not too light. Plus the gravy was almost perfect. Just needed a little salt, but nothing there I can't do. The mac n cheese was amazing. I think the noodles were slightly over cooked, but not enough for me to complain about it. It was creamy but not too thick to where you can't finish it. All the food was really worth the prices! It's a cute little restaurant and they do serve good food. They also do have vegan burgers and more choices for vegans, so anyone can come here and find something good to eat! The service was pretty good as well. The servers were attentive and everyone helped one another out. Perfect for parties or even if you want to go alone.笑
Ordered the chicken bahn mi and TBLT for lunch.  Both were very good. Fries were nice n crunchy and had a good flavor. Good friendly service. I ordered my food to go and dropped down to pick it up on my way out. Breakfast had a really long line so would recommend coming early.笑
Amazing service!! I was in Vegas for 3 days and went there every day! The French toast was amazing, the eggs Benedict was insanely good, and the huevos rancheros were killer too! 

I can't say enough good things about the servers and the manager. They were super friendly and when I was in a rush, they accommodated perfectly. 

Also it's a real cool, classy, homey, country style and vibe. It makes you feel like you're at home!

Thanks Frank!笑
This place always has a line!  Which is why I didn't get a chance to try their food until I needed room service at midnight.  I love their menu which is breakfast, or eat this if not interested in breakfast.

They have a "delivery service" to any hotel room.  It's pretty much the same menu, only the room service menu had pizza which I didn't see on the menu outside the restaurant.  I'm guessing if you asked for it though, they would make it for you.  (Don't quote me on that, just saying it makes sense since it probably all comes from the same kitchen.)

I placed the order, simple - they told it would take about 45 minutes and I'm thinking - what's the deal?  Are they ordering Dominos and slapping it into a Pantry branded box? 

Well it actually only took about 30 minutes and the pizza was delicious!  I couldn't eat it all so I took it home (in California) the next day and microwaved it and it was still good.  The mark of a good pizza.

They sent everything I needed like parmesan cheese, salt, pepper, etc.  All in a little bag.  The plastic plate was even fun because it felt like a fancier plate than a Walmart special.  

It's room service prices, so $19 for a pizza, plus a $3 added fee and tax.  However, $25 for a hand delivered pizza to a hotel room at midnight, it's actually a good deal. I can spend that ordering from Pizza Hut at home.

The room was automatically charged and even though they had room to write in a tip, I tipped cash.   

Overall, a great experience.  hank you!笑
This place is so handy if you are staying at the Mirage! Not only is the place really cute and decorated to match the name, It's open all the time and it's close to the elevators so it's heaven-sent when you've been walking the strip home after the club but were too tired to walk a little more to go to McDonalds and are craving some breakfast food. Believe me. I speak from experience.

The only downside is unlike Denny's or Ihop... this place is overpriced (but so is a majority of Vegas). So don't let your drunkest friend order if you are ever in my same situation.笑
We came to Pantry during a lunch break while at a conference at the Mirage.  Luckily, it was not only convenient, but it was tasty!  Every time we walked by we saw a line waiting for Pantry and now I see why.

I ordered the french toast and would order it again and again in a heartbeat!  It was topped with a mascarpone topping and berries with a side of butter and syrup.  I cleaned my plate and was definitely overstuffed!  Another wonderful thing was that I ordered coffee and they brought me a steaming mug full and a whole coffee pot.  One of my biggest pet peeves is ordering coffee and having to wait for the server to decide I am ready for more.  With my own pot at the table I could warm up my cup or fill it up whenever I wanted (which is a lot!).

My only warning for you is know what you are ordering.  The waitress almost "tricked" me into ordering $7 bacon onto the side of my french toast.  After ordering my french toast she asked, "Would you like bacon or sausage with that?"  Obviously the answer to that question is always "Yes, I would love some bacon!"  Luckily, I realized that the bacon was not included with my french toast plate before she walked away and could mark that off my order.  I am sure a lot of people make the same mistake when ordering.笑
The steak with mushroom sauce & fingerling potatoes was lit!!!. Nan is the man behind the bar. Best bartender ever!笑
This place is OKAY... 
Definitely not the place to go to when you're starving and looking to get what you paid for. 


The atmosphere and the turkey bacon were my favorite. In the end, I probably won't ever come back to this establishment or recommend it to a friend.

Recommend going to a Denny's or iHOP. You'll be way more satisfied there.笑
Firstly there wings were not for me they were gross. My husband ordered the chicken and waffle the fried chicken had absolutely no flavor the waffle was tasty. I also tried the shrimp penne pasta dish, which was delicious, nothing over the top but satisfying. Probably would not return here笑
A review that's being written prior to the meal arriving seldom has a happy ending. No water. No cream served with coffee, few, customers, and lots is wait staff. After a LONG half hour wait, another server (not mine) brings out my side of bacon. The not-so-happy-ending is about to arrive ten minutes later: cold entree. Hate to say I told you so!笑
Super cute place but the food could have been better.  We had breakfast here and the food was decent and service was good.  I ordered the eggs Benedict and I thought the English muffin was too thick and yeasty, but the eggs and hollandaise sauce was good.  The potato smash was ok too.  We also ordered the chocolate pancakes, delicious!  Good hangover meal, but nothing I would go back for...笑
I had a drink here before a show. The staff was really friendly. The prices were very reasonable for Vegas. This place looks brand new, and you feel like you are sitting in a celebrity chefs kitchen. It really is a breath of fresh air hidden deep within the bowels of a smoky casino. Great place to get refreshed in Vegas. Wish I would have tried some food, but it looked great. Service was fast and clean.笑
Perfect place if you are looking for middle ground between fast food and an expensive place.笑
Takes forever . Over fn priced . Wait 30 minutes to even get in. Food is cold .   Mmmmm.笑
I was taken here by a client. I was taken aback by their version of eggs benedict. I am forever fan just for this plate. my coffee never ran low and the entire house, from front to back was on point. the cleanliness and quick service made for an enjoyable breakfast. this may make its way on my mandatory stops every time I now in LV. get here!笑
I hope the breakfast and desserts are better than the lunch. The fries were like the frozen kind from the grocery store. The romaine in the Caesar salad was chopped so big, I had to cut it up. Plus, our server didn't write down that I wanted chicken on it. My son ordered tomato soup and grilled cheese. He said the soup tasted like it had sugar and flowers in it. I tried it, and thought there may be some sort of fruit in it. The restaurant itself is gorgeous. The desserts that other people ordered looked amazing. I hope they take some of these comments to heart and improve.笑
We were wandering around and wanted something not too expensive for dinner.  Found the pantry and were seated right away (it was a busy holiday weekend.)  We started with loaded homestyle fries, and they were fantastic!  The eggs Benedict was pretty good and the truffle Mac and cheese was great!  We saw on the bill that you could charge it to your room at any MGM property, which is very convenient!  Overall we were happy with our choice!笑
Yelp's 365 Review Challenge 2015 #42 - #365

When the Mirage first opened, this location originally had their 24/7 cafe just like the rest of the strip. Then new management came and made it into BB King's then that concept didn't work out. So here comes the Pantry where they're open 24/7 which is very convenient right by the bank of elevators. When you're drunk and need to sober up, the Pantry is the perfect remedy to get rid of that hangover. 

Service here was spot on! We were quickly greeted and seated right away. They have self seating in the bar in case you don't want to sit in a regular table. As with every other resort are the $$$ prices on the food. It doesn't matter to me because it's all part of the Vegas strip experience. 

I ordered the spicy rub wings and flat bread. The wings were so good and flat bread was delicious even with their own brand of hot sauce. Our waiter would always check up on us to see if we wanted to order more cocktails. Even though it was pricey, I'd say it was worth it. I'll be making plans to dine at the pantry when we go back to the Mirage in August 2016. I love the Mirage!!笑
I had THE worst service here! My colleague and I came here to grab breakfast before we went to a convention. We got seated and our server was already standing there with a coffee in hand asking if we wanted some. We said yes, not knowing that we'd be charged 5 bucks because he didn't mention anything about an additional charge. 

I ordered an omelette with spinach, mushrooms, and bacon w/ smash browns and wheat bread and my colleague ordered a white egg omelette with spinach and mushrooms w/o the smash browns and gluten free bread. The server came out with completely wrong orders! We were given two omelettes with the wrong fillings. The server apologized and blamed the person who took our order because apparently he always messes up orders. Talking crap about your coworkers to customers? Completely unprofessional in my opinion. I didn't care that my order was messed up so he gave me both the omelettes and returned to the kitchen to grab my colleague's egg white omelette and gluten free bread with fresh fruit on the house. We ended up taking our food to-go because we needed to leave for the convention and the whole order mishap took up our time. Don't waste your time here!!笑
I don't care about the starts. I just want to say I had a such amazing experience, food finger licking good and service outstanding. I ordered penne with shrimp.笑
The worst Mac and cheese ever. The steak was bland. The salmon was ok. Only the potato was good笑
Very delicious! I ordered egg Benedict and could tell that they made the English muffin. My husband and I also ordered fish tacos and were a fan of them. The service was wonderful. Will definitely come back!笑
Was here for lunch. Wait staff was pretty unenthusiastic.  Calamari was soggy and breading fell right off.  Truffle Mac and cheese was heavy and didn't taste especially fresh.  Over priced for the quality I received.笑
Wow, I was really surprised by this place. It looks interesting while passing by so my boyfriend and I wandered in and were seated immediately. Our waitress (I wish I remember her name) was awesome! She was so sweet and told us about their Bloody Mary special, which ended up being really yummy and reasonably priced. We ordered the smothered fries... Beyond delicious! My mouth waters as I type this. I will definitely be back to eat here next time I am in Vegas.笑
GLUTEN FREE AVAILABLE. The Pantry provides the room service menu for The Mirage.  The first morning, we ordered breakfast and it was great.  I had gluten free toast, a boiled egg and ham.  It was great and delivered in 20 minutes instead of the 45 they estimated.  The only issue we had was that the gluten free toast wasn't labeled (it comes in a separate sleeve) so my friend was halfway through a piece before she realized it didn't taste like regular white bread.  My only recommendation would be that they label gluten free as such.
After a long day of walking around and actually winning money at Casino Royale, we were tired so we ordered take away so we could go back to our room to watch a Cops marathon.  I had the turkey club on gluten free bread.  It was yummy.  The lettuce, tomato and avocado were fresh and ripe. My friend had a burger and curly fries and based on her "yums" it was tasty as well.  And, the lady with the flower in her hair is super nice.笑
This is the place to eat in Vegas. We use to go to Hash House A Go Go, but The Pantry is so much better. Everything on the menus is yummy! Yes I've tried almost very thing.   My mouth is watering as I write this review. I will say one thing...be prepared to be addicted.笑
Stopped in here for breakfast this morning. It looked like a cute little place. It was. We felt right at home the way the restaurant was decorated. Our food was really good and they served a decent amount. We weren't really happy about the fact that coffee was on the table with cream ready to pour all ready to go.. like it was free. The lady even started pouring without letting me know I'd be charged for it. The coffee was $5 a cup... a little overrated if you ask me. But overall food and service was good笑
First off: A-fucking-+++++++ to our server Janel.

The pantry's 24 hour service makes it the perfect place to get your fix, whether it's breakfast or dinner; all of the food is deliciously Vegas, yet still affordably priced.

My husband and I have eaten here on more than one occasion only to receive the same, consistent service that leaves us wanting to come back.
We've tried most of the menu so far as, usually ordering half in a sitting as our "spoils" meal- each bite is perfectly cooked and portioned as well as creatively presented to match it's homey atmosphere.

On this recent trip our server was Janel. She was extremely attentive. Extremely:
1: We were able to receive happy hours prices just as they were ending with her help.

2: She was friendly, bubbly and reached our table in a timely manner- never too much or too little, leaving all our requests met...

3: even the last minute order change was not a problem for her to fix for us.

If you get the chance, check out the pantry.
And if the wonderful Janel is working, make sure to request her- by all means.笑
Janel was the most amazing waitress ever!!!!! She was so sweet and funny! I would go back just to see her!!! The food was amazing also -  chicken & waffles were everything!!! Will definitely go back when I'm in Vegas next.笑
Came in this morning for a breakfast before heading out on a day of adventure and ordered a cappuccino and it was amazing  ! Ordered the Eggs Benedict with Hollandaise on the side  and the picture is worth 1,000 word - amazeballs good ! Sat at the bar and my server Eren was outstanding ! Boy can that guy hustle ! 
LOVE this place ! It's so lively and full or great energy笑
Simply put...one of the best breakfasts I've ever had.  Delicious all around, and the buttermilk pancakes, OMG, INCREDIBLE!

With a few conventions in town, service was slow (very busy) but oh so worth the wait.笑
At 3 am this place is open, friendly, and delicious. I am not sure I can say more about this other than I am absolutely grateful for this restaurant more than I can properly express on yelp without being inappropriate. I ordered a burger and fries and it was the best in recent memory but there were certainly other factors that may have led to that opinion. 

I have stayed at the Mirage twice now for trips to Vegas and absolutely love it and the Pantry is one of the reasons.笑
Very good but for the price Id much rather treat myself to a steak dinner. There were four of us and the bill came out to $105 before the tip. Food was good but not for the price, this is one of those restaurants you should try once in you life though. blue berry pancakes were amazing, the mimosa was mehh. Won't be back but glad I tried it !  

Oh the interior decorations was very cute!笑
The Pantry is a restaurant in the Mirage hotel by the casino and offers breakfast foods and other dishes 24 hours a day. My review is for room service because guests at the Mirage can order from the Pantry menu. The menu in the room had a nice selection of breakfast foods such as omelettes, pancakes and other morning items. It also included hamburgers, club sandwiches and salads. I selected an omelette with toast and potatoes. I placed my order via the hotel room phone and the lady that took my order was extremely friendly. She told me my food would be ready in 20-30 minutes and verified my room number. I heard a knock on the door in 20 minutes and a gentleman with a pantry paper bag with handles stood at my door. The food was delivered in a bag that reminded me of a shopping bag and was not on a traditional tray. The room service deliverer handed me my receipt and also reminded me that the receipt stapled to the bag had the last 4 digits of my credit card. That was a nice security measure and I appreciate that. The bag contained the omelette on a plastic plate with a lid, silverware, and mini condiments. Everything was included and my omelette was delicious. The toast had a buttery taste and potatoes were perfect with the omelette and ketchup. The price was not bad either ($20). I highly recommend ordering breakfast for any meal at the Pantry. In Vegas there is no sense of time anyway so breakfast for dinner or at 4am is perfectly fine.笑
We had a dining credit during our stay so I wanted to have breakfast at Pantry which was conveniently located right by our elevators. I absolutely loved the Smash Browns, homemade jam and the buttermilk pancakes. Typically I'm not a breakfast person but I was very happy with the food here and will come back when we stay here again!笑
This is a good breakfast place and is super cute and the drinks come in cute lil mason jars which I thought were a nice touch. This is my second time coming and it was super good but I was disappointed with the breakfast sandwich. It didn't taste good I should've thought about before getting it. But I tried my friends waffle fries and oh my god it tasted amazing. WAFFLE FRIES ARE A MUST!!!!!笑
It's nice to have food available at all hours of the day. Especially when traveling with little ones. 45 mins wait for a table but we went during core busy hour in the morning so that's ok. Service was friendly and quick so we definitely like that. Decor is cute. But food and price....ehh... you're paying a premium price for Denny grade food. It's not bad, but I expect better for the amount we paid.笑
It's pretty late in the night I'm craving chicken n waffles. Closest place for me to walk to. Decided to check it out. It was aaaaaight. It could be my lack of sleep that I felt like the food didn't taste that good. Waffles taste like something I could make at home and chicken was like from a grocery store. It looked cute but I probably won't come back to try it again.笑
Do not order over easy eggs here. The whites were not cooked. It took forever to get someone to the table, then forever to get a new order that was the same as the first. I hope it shows in the picture - see the clear runny stuff? That's uncooked egg whites. They acted like I didn't know how over easy was cooked! You freaking flip them over for a few seconds to cook the whites but not the yolks. I was hot. They also took my plate away forever and made me an entire new plate (unnecessary) and acted like I was trying to get free food or something.

Two stars because husband liked his pancakes.笑
Worse service ever and for the price food wasn't that good.  I could've made a better omelete.  Do not recommend.笑
Top 10 worse restaurants I've ever been to. Avoid this place!! Go elsewhere, please! Food was undercooked, this included my friends turkey bacon, and chicken and waffles ordered. The service lacked attentiveness and overall food was bad tasting.笑
Food was great. Janel made us feel like we were at home eating. Courteous and friendly!笑
Not only is the food at the Pantry amazing, but Janel is the best server I have ever encountered. She is so sweet and accommodating and you must say hello to her while you're in Vegas. She's like a mom away from home!笑
Amazing dining experience! We came to Mirage to go to The Secret Garden Dolphin Habitat but decided to get some lunch first.

Ana the hostess was so nice when we walked up, the bartenders are so welcoming! I got the chicken & waffles which was to die for! My son got the Mac & cheese + fries & my boyfriend got the fish & chips. All the entrees were so good, nothing was dry & the service was fast .. I would definitely eat here again! 

P.s. Locals get 20% off if you show your ID笑
I have eaten here twice. The first time I went here was because it was open late and there wasn't really a wait for a table. I ordered the tomato soup and a burger. I thought that the food was good, and a bonus was they offer M life discounts and locals discounts. The service was okay, it could have been a little quicker, bu since I wasn't in a hurry I didn't mind. The second time I came to eat here was before going to the Boyz II Men show. I had the tomato soup again (I can't pass up good tomato soup), and the grilled cheese. And, this time I sat at the bar because i was dining alone. The bartender was friendly and attentive. Next time I am the Mirage, I will probably stop in for a bite.笑
Really, really bad service! They messed up my order twice. I ordered for to go the southern biscuits with gravy and eggs. Gave me the biscuits without the eggs and gravy. Came back down to complain. Then they tried to give me the eggs with the gravy on it. Who has ever heard of eggs and gravy. Really???!!!!笑
Overall, our experience at this restaurant was one that we'll probably never forget. And it's not for good reasons. We were rushed to order by more than one person. We were looking for a small and affordable breakfast. Two of us ordered a bagel, one ordered the yogurt parfait and the other ordered biscuits. We got the vibe right away that our waitress didn't like that we ordered small/inexpensive items. She rushed off to put our order in, brought our bills within 10 minutes and insisted we give her the cash we had sitting on the table under our bill .... before we were done eating! The tone and pushiness she had was very rude. We told her to keep the change for a tip, instead of keeping it she came back and slammed it on the table. We kept the tip. The biscuits were dry, the bagels were burnt and the parfait was ok, but expensive for what it was.笑
BREAKFAST. This is a great spot for BREAKFAST. Remember BREAKFAST!!! The breakfast is good and freshly prepared, unlike the other meals where much of the food tastes as if had been under a heating lamp for awhile.笑
Great service and GREAT food. I recommend the Corn Beef Hash. Favorite breakfast in Las Vegas.笑
JANEL made our dining experience at 24 Pantry awesome!  We were at MGM to see Beatles LOVE and just randomly selected this place to eat.  When we first arrived one of my daughters wasn't feeling well and Janel immediately got her some gingerale to help settle her stomach.  She gave us great menu recommendations as we weren't sure what we were going to order.  While my daughters and I were dining, my brother and his girlfriend stopped by to say hi and Janel was so gracious and helpful.  She made sure another table was pushed over to ours to make sure we all could sit together.  

As you read this review it sounds pretty typical of what a server should do - and it is.  What made it different is that she was so kind and genuine.  She really took the time to chat with us even though she was busy.  She really listened and was so friendly.  She takes relationship building in a small amount of time to the next level.  Relationship building is big part of my business so I am a pretty good at gauging this.  

When my daughters and I left we talked about how awesome she was and we all said that we definitely needed to write a review about her.  I have been home from Vegas for about 2 weeks and finally had time to go through and look for my receipt. I sat down and immediately to write this review, that's how much of an impact she made!

Thank you Janel for your awesome service and wonderful and genuine smile!笑
We eat every time we come to Vegas. The service is great and I get the chicken and waffles. This is my second day in a row on this trip. Elisa was our waitress today and she was great.笑
Slow service.  Food was sub par! Felt as if they would rather spit on us then serve us!!!!笑
went here 4am in the am had the bomb ass steak with mushroom sauce (triple fire emoji) nan(the man) the graveyard bartender recommended it! good lookin out man! its was really good!笑
Stayed at The Mirage and came here due to convenience. It's open 24 hours and they serve breakfast all day. The atmosphere is really nice but the food was ok. We ordered the fried calamari and it really didn't have much taste to it. I had to sprinkle some salt on it. I ordered an omelette and potatoes and a side of fries. The omelette wasn't anything special and the potatoes were extremely buttery and disappointing. All I tasted was butter and could barely take two bites. The fries were good though. The water came in a cute jar and the waitresses were friendly. I would return again and give it another try, but would definitely order something else.笑
We were looking for a small bite and decided to try the loaded waffle fries. Big mistake. We should have sent them back but did not want to wait for them to prepare the dish correctly. The waffle fries had to have been cooked earlier as they were almost stone cold. I am not sure why anyone would not use real cheese in such a dish. Too bad we did not have many other choices for a light meal inside the Mirage.笑
A group of 6 went to pantry for breakfast. The food was very good, but the service was poor and we were charged for items we did not receive, however, they did take it off the ticket. If I was ranking just the food, I'd give it 4 stars but service made it a 3.笑
Got a bagel to go and brought up to our room. It was so hard and stale it was barely chewable.笑
Bf and I were visiting The Mirage for the Love Cirque De Soleil and had time to spare. We had dinner at the Pantry. I was attracted to the interior design. I like the white clean homey theme it had going on. Menu had a wide variety of foods and prices were reasonable. Bf and I were not that hungry so we ordered a grilled shrimp penne pasta and calamari. Boy was that a good idea! Pasta looked like a sharing platter for 2-3 people and calamari was a good size considering it was an appetizer! Would definitely recommend out of all the other restaurants at The Mirage!笑
Came in for the first time the Frank's egg Benedict was absolutely amazing our server was Christian super friendly great guy just don't let them talk you into the bigger order of pancakes because the small one is just fine ha ha.笑
Two stars for this place are only because the food was really good and the staff are pleasant. Everything took too darn long. Being seated, being attended to, being served. All slower than molasses. I don't want to be thanked for my patience, I don't want to have to use it. I ordered the tomato and mozzarella salad with grilled chicken and it saved this place from instant immolation. The greens and tomatoes were fresh, the mozzarella creamy, the dressing perfectly flavored, and the chicken tender and tasty. If you're willing to wait forever and ever for your food, stop in. But there are equally delicious and faster places to eat on the Strip so...笑
Chocolate chip pancakes were perfect. Ambience is clean and refreshing from the casino atmosphere. The food is fresh and the service is quite nice. The homemade jams on the table are a sweet touch to detail. we opted to go here because we didn't feel like stuffing ourselves from the $70/person Champagne Buffet Brunch served just 2 doors down at the mirage where we are staying. We would come back for more yummy food served throughout the day. the serving portions are large so you may consider items on the kids menu or splitting a dish. Enjoy!笑
Had a great dinner and great drinks. Our dessert was amazing too. Janel was our server and she was fantastic -- she made the night for me and my friends. Go here if you can't decide on a restaurant in the Mirage or on the strip.笑
Sticky table, got all over me and my phone. Horrible customer service.  Waitress forgot to come take our order. Busser finally took it. Forgot drinks, took 20 minutes to get a salad and a kids grilled cheese and our drinks. Food was terrible. Croutons stale, grilled cheese soggy. I feel sick to my stomach after eating there. Would not recommend anyone go there. For the price they are charging, at least the service or the food should be good. Waitstaff all standing around gossiping. Had to interupt to get service...very unprofessional.笑
This is a new millennium Vegas style type 24 hour diner. The overall decor and setup is very nice. They have tables spread out and humongous booths for you and all your drunk friends to sit in and lol all night. They have coasters and napkins with their name on it, drinks served in mason jars, fresh jam, fresh syrup in metal containers, and all the other cute stuff that were paying for through overpriced Vegas food. Service was definitely friendly, but I thought it was pretty slow seeing as how the place was pretty much empty. Ok hubby had, made to order omelette and the potatoes he said they were very good including the fresh jam for the large slices of sourdough toast. I had the chicken and waffles, comes with one waffle and a piece of boneless chicken. The waffle was vanilla and it packed some flavor. On the other hand the chicken was not that great to me, do not really know what kind of breading and flavor it was but will definitely pass on that. Don't know if I would be willing to come back and try again because it is Vegas, but maybe if I stayed at the Mirage you never know.笑
Really enjoying my biscuits and gravy with eggs.  As one would expect, the cost is high given that this is Las Vegas.  At least the food is pretty.笑
After placing our order (breakfast sandwich & American breakfast) it took 35 mins for it to arrive.笑
Fantastic service - loved our server - food was great.
My girlfriends and I loved the Pantry, we went twice over our three day Vegas trip. The food was great just what we needed after a long night. The service was amazing specifically the second day when we were lucky enough to have Janel as our server. She was adorable, so warm and so nice and very efficient. I can be a picky eater and she was more than accommodating and did it with a smile. I'd come back just for her!笑
Honestly for the price, the food is a little overrated. The pancakes were great, but my egg came cold. The wait for the food was pretty long, as well as the wait to get in. It was good, but there are better places for similar food for better prices!笑
The wait at 10:00am for breakfast was 20 minutes or longer.
The noise inside the restaurant makes it very hard for a decent conversation.
I had the biscuits and gravy.  The gravy was barely warm, not hot.  Unflavorful.
I won't repeat笑
Booo....overpriced average breakfast and slow service. Would recommend going elsewhere. We had a soggy waffle and a tasteless chicken fried steak breakfast with burnt potatoes.笑
We ate here twice during our stay at the Mirage. Breakfast was great, we had sampler of sides that included chocolate croissant, cinnamon doughnuts and blueberry muffin. Alex, our server during our dinner, was nothing short of perfect. He was personable, attentive and efficient. I ordered the pretzel and grilled cheese, simple yet delicious.笑
Food was ok. Went here on a Saturday morning and waited about 25mins to be seated. Once seated our server was extremely friendly and explained all food options and different choices to us with ease. However the price compared to the portion size is not so great. Paid $14 for a small waffle that didn't end up filling me up and didn't have much flavor. The hash scramble that they serve is "ok" but was not warm upon arriving to our table.笑
Janel was our server this evening for dinner. What a great experience we had. She was professional, attentive, energetic and out-going. Janel checked in on us several times to make sure our dining experience was going great and it was. We took notice that she applied the same attentiveness to her other guests. She should be recognized for her hard work. She will be the prime reason for our return for another meal. Food was fantastic as well.笑
Service was good despite being very busy. Coffee was decent for America. Price was reasonable. Only complaint is the chicken for the chicken waffels was dry like a bucket of sand.笑
Unimpressed is the first reaction. I heard this place had good food. Well, it made me sick. It was the room temperature coleslaw served with the BBQ ribs, avoid this dish. 

I lined up in the MLife line. The front desk lady took another party ahead of everyone else in line without explanation, not good. Later, the manager explained that there were executives attending a brunch. Be careful of the greeter, they don't always pay attention to customers in line. A manager tried to address the issue but just gave us excuses and fluff about how the special party had reservations and the rest of the group was already seated in the back. That's all well and fine, just don't leave the public with the impression that they are less significant than the salaried executives.  

We tried the white chocolate brioche for an appetizer, truffle oil mac and cheese, BBQ ribs, and homemade potato chips with mushroom dip. The BBQ sauce was too sweet, too tomato pasty, and did not compliment the meat. The luke-warm cole slaw is sour and doesn't taste fresh. The biscuits are without flavor. Patato chips and dip are reasonably good but lack any inspiration to finish. 

Anything claiming to be truffle is actually just truffle oil laden. For real truffles, you have to pay more but true artisan culinary delights made with truffles but it's worth it and better than the oil sprinkled mac and mushroom dip. It's only ok but not great. 

This little eatery is trying too hard to be like the Yardbird at the Venetian Casino. But instead of eating here, eat at the Yardbird where the trip and cost are so worth it. Save your tummy and trip and pass on the Pantry.笑
I ate here twice during my latest trip. The food is delicious and reasonably priced. The service is absolutely outstanding!! I highly recommend this place if you're near.笑
Stopped there twice over a period of 2 days mainly due to convenience as I was attending a conference at the Mirage. First day, ordered eggs and asked for fries instead of hash browns. Food turned up twenty minutes later with hash browns. Mentioned to the server that I had asked for french fries and was told that they would bring me an order of fries. Twenty five minutes later, no sign of the fries but the server did explain that as this is a new restaurant, the kitchen does not like substitutions and tends to just send out whatever is on the menu. Cancelled the fries, paid and left. Following day, stopped in for lunch. Ordered a bacon cheese burger, plain with fries. Order was taken by the same server as the previous day who recognized me and assured me it would be right this time. Twenty minutes later, out comes my burger with everything on it (apart from the bacon). Sent the whole meal back this time and five minutes later it was returned and everything looked ok although they had obviously just scraped everything off. Took a bite, not ok. They had melted the cheese on the burger over a liberal helping of onions which I had not noticed and that also do not agree with me at all. Called my server who offered another burger and waived the charges for the original one when I refused. Bottom line, if you do not want the meal EXACTLY as it is described on the menu, find somewhere else.笑
Excellent breakfast. Pricey (it's vegas) but at least the portions are excellent and relative. We learned by day 2 to order 1 breakfast and something smaller. Taste the freshness. Went here 2 times during my stay. I would definitely go again.笑
We went to Pantry one morning for breakfast while staying at the Mirage. There's a decent food selection that is good basically for any hour of the day, the place is quite small though so expect to have to wait at breakfast, lunch and dinner time.

Food was above average for this type of restaurant, but the prices seemed to be a little too high in my opinion.笑
This was the best meal I had on my recent trip to Vegas ! The price was great and the food was amazing ! Try the smash Browns. Huge plus it's open 24 hours.笑
I stopped by the Pantry for a mid-afternoon snack of Handcrafted Donut Holes and Potato Wedges. The donuts holes were excellent!!! 5-stars worthy and I wish I'd taken a picture. Expertly made, soft, fluffy, perfect amount of sugar all around. The order was much bigger than I expected... good bang for the buck. The wedges were also good, but it ended up being too much food.

Later in my trip, I ordered the White Chocolate Brioche French Toast, which had an excellent presentation, with mixed berries, berry compote, a touch of whipped mascarpone, and syrup. Unfortunately, the taste didn't match the looks. The bread didn't taste cooked fully, the berries didn't mix well with the syrup (perhaps they were out of season), and the French Toast didn't even have a flavoring of white chocolate. The waiter said the bread was lightly dusted in white chocolate, but if I wanted to actually taste the chocolate I should have ordered the chocolate pancakes. Question: why even advertise it as "white chocolate" French Toast? On the plus side, it was well portioned and a decent price (a few other things on the menu were in the steeper price category). I'd give this dish 3-stars.笑
Oh yea food was delivered in a bag lol I can go to Mcdonalds for that big disappointment ...笑
I've stayed at Mirage two different times and I've always either ordered food here through room service or dined here.

Its a super cute restaurant.
Very spacious, bright and welcoming.
Doesn't seem to ever get too busy.
Great for small and large groups.

Not too expensive either.
Food looks and taste great.

Although I was disappointed at one point, that they brought out everyone's food except for mine. And I had to wait extra longer.

BRISKET CHEESE STEAK
(Horseradish cheddar cheese, caramelized onion, arugula, ciabatta roll )
AMAZING. Just get it!!!

BACKYARD BURGER*
(Caramelized onion, tomato, greens, cheddar, potato bun)
Huge portion, great as well.

I apologize I can't go into further detail because I was also extremely hungover the whole time. LOL.笑
Walked all the way from Bellagio only to find they closed for "deep cleaning"...yet they didn't update yelp!!! not OK bad customer service. Don't mind the walk...the weather in Vegas is always beautiful and we LOVE walking the strip...笑
Few options at 2 am on Mlife properties. 
This time we find ourselves at The Mirage. The Pantry was our only option.

It's bright and clean, but the menu was limited. I didn't really want to go there, but since pickings were slim, decided to eat here, not go on a mission to find something else, somewhere else. 

We were quickly seated. Our waiter was nice, and attentive , but that's pretty much the positives.

My husband and I decided. To split the Grilled Shrimp Penne pasta and the Chicken wings ( two ways ) to drink I ordered a coffee and Bailey's. 
The coffee was WAY too strong. In addition to the Bailey's, I had to add cream, sugar in the raw and a sugar substitute to make it drinkable. Normally I would add a touch of milk and a half sugar substitute to taste the creamy goodness of Bailey's but this time it was barely noticeable.

The pasta I did not enjoy at all. It was billed as a "Bigger" item, but only had 5 over cooked shrimp in it ( my husbands one shrimp still had a shell on it so it totally turned him off ) I actually found the shrimp was the only thing I liked in it. The pasta itself was way too "saucy" yet very bland. I also didn't like the tomatoes nor the ham- I barely ate any of mine. 

The chicken wings I also didn't like. They were half lime chipotle (again I found these too saucy / fatty and undercooked despite my request to get the wings well done) . The other half was a dry BBQ rub. This was a bit better but I only ate 1. The wings also came with carrots and celery .

Shortly after we arrived, it became so loud that we could barely converse. 
We got cranky and put us on edge - exactly what we didn't want.笑
Stopped in for lunch. We were seated promptly in a comfy booth. The server was very nice. Our calamari was not very crispy but very chewy. I ordered the brisket and cheese sandwich. It was good but not great. At this price I expect much better. The fries and picked green beans that came with it were very tasty.笑
It's convenient because they're right next to the guest elevators of The Mirage and they're open 24 hours. They also have two different happy hours, one of which goes as late as 2am. However, they don't really have a large variety of options. I had chicken wings but they're weren't too impressive. The bartenders will happily make you whatever drink you ask for though- so that's good!笑
After reading some of the other reviews, I've come to the conclusion that I'm not that hard to please. This is my second visit here; first time in Dec. 2014 and second time was April 2015. 

This most recent visit was a good experience. The only red flag I had was the pace of service. We came around 9pm on a Wednesday night. We could see everyone was working hard - it took about 5 minutes before we were picked up but our server acknowledged us prior to the wait and we told him to take his time. 

We ended up ordering the Homespun Potato Chips for our appetizer. The dip had truffle oil, mushrooms and spinach (I think?). Pretty good. I also ordered a bowl of clam chowder. This is something I would definitely recommend, especially if you're a chowder fan. Even if you're not though, my boyfriend who usually steers clear of all chowders gave it his seal of approval. Lastly, for his meal, my boyfriend ordered the Steak & Taters. Ordered the steak medium and it was cooked to perfection. Super tender and juicy and it actually had a great flavor to it - no steak sauce necessary. 

No complaints about our meal - except the loud & obnoxious table near us. But that's not the restaurant's fault. Our meal including tip was an even $50.笑
Positives:
- fairly diverse menu, offering both breakfast and lunch at the same time. Perfect for those of us unsure of what time it is and preferring to trust our gut on food choices.
- a pot of coffee for the table to share (about 4 cups) only costs $5! Amazing cost-effective option. Wish more restaurants offered it.

Averages:
- food quality is mediocre. Nothing to write home about, but good enough to satisfy your hunger.
- the ambiance is nice, but a bit bright, especially for those of us nursing Saturday morning hangovers. 

Negatives:
- our waitress was an inconsistent mix of inattentive and overly involved. She kept us waiting around to place our order, but when she did talk to us, she was a bit pushy with her suggestions.
 
Bottom line:
- I'd go back if I'm not in the mood to stuff myself at Cravings instead.笑
I stayed at the Mirage for the Big Smoke Cigar show. I ate at the Pantry for every meal because the staff was outstanding!!  They enjoyed the customer and it showed!  Thanks for being awesome!! Thelma was an outstanding server; more important, she loved her job and it showed which is why we kept coming back!!笑
Pantry is a staple in the LA area but I've never really been much of a fan.  However this location in my opinion is a little more modern in their food choice which I like.  LA is super old school and I wasn't really impressed.  Plus this location is in my favorite hotel.  

Service is great and it's open 24 hours!!  My favorite dishes are the chicken and waffles, grilled cheese and tomatoe soup and for room service try the pizza, it's SO GOOD.笑
Stayed at Mirage for a conference last week.  I ate at Pantry everyday.  1 dinner + 5 breakfast.  Not once it had disappointed me.  That is real consistency for a restaurant.  Love their coffee.  I can drink a whole liter of it.  I tried the chocolate pancake, oatmeal, veggie hash, country fired steak, and skinny omelette, and they are all delicious.  
Service was excellent.  All the servers are extremely nice.  They even gave me a to go cup for my coffee!
After eating at a place for the whole week, not only am I not tired of it, i still want to go back next time I visit Vegas, that should tell you something about this place, right?笑
The Pantry is a good choice if you want a sit down breakfast at the Mirage.  I had the skinny omelet, which seemed to be a fairly healthy option. The ingredients were fresh and the omelet not overcooked. Service was so so. You will pay casino prices ($20 eggs and coffee). However, free latte refills offset the cost!笑
This restaurant is a contemporary take on an old school cafe dining concept. Fresh ingredients, unique spins on traditional favorites, and extremely friendly service helps make Pantry a welcome addition to The Mirage Resort and Casino. 

I have been here 4 different times and have had equally enjoyable experiences each time, but my visit on 01/18/2016 was by far the most enjoyable. Jonel was our waitress, and she truly went above and beyond to make our dining experience extra special. She was full of helpful suggestions and always made sure the coffee was hot and the creme was cold. We ordered the Bavarian pretzel and the loaded waffle fries from the appetizer section. The pretzel was warm and soft on the inside with a nice crispy outside, and was flavorful even without the usual pretzel salt (it didn't need it). It came with a side of deli mustard and a beer cheese sauce for dipping. The sauce was just okay, the cheese was a bit gritty, but the pretzel was good enough to have on its own. 
The waffle fries were crispy and nicely seasoned, and came loaded with melted cheese, bacon, chopped tomato, sour cream, and green onion. I would recommend these fries for sure! The portion is also a good size and surprisingly filling.
We also split dessert--the mini donuts and the chocolately chocolate skillet cookie.
The donuts were delicious! They came out warm and covered in sugar! The cookie was a little disappointing. The chocolate was too intense and a little bitter, which gave it a weird flavor overall. We told Jonel about it, and she was more than happy to replace it with something else. We chose the bananas foster Sunday, which was huge and very delicious. The ice cream had a great creamy texture and the rum caramel sauce was sweet, but not overly sweet. The bananas were absolutely perfect, cold and fresh, with no impurities at all! 

Overall the food was really good (their pancakes are also amazing for breakfast), but the service is what stood out and made the dining experience truly spectacular. Jonel was the epitome of friendly, taking the time out of her busy schedule to check in to make sure everything was perfect and getting whatever we needed. She even spent some time having a nice conversation. Service of this caliber is something I would expect at one of the celebrity chef driven restaurants on the Strip, so Pantry is extremely lucky to have her. I recommend to request her when dining here because she will make your day!笑
Typically always a line for breakfast but it moves fast. Best pancakes on the strip. Coffee is A+ (I drink it black so this is important for me). I enjoy their GF, vegetarian veggie skillet with poached eggs!笑
We arrived at the Mirage hotel around 2 AM so wanted to grab something to eat. There weren't that many people but it took awhile for service. The breakfast food was really pricey for standard breakfast that you could get at an IHOP. I am not sure I would've gone again had it not been so convenient to go in our hotel.笑
The food is average but the prices are on the pricey side...even though there was a bit of a line to sit down, it went rather quick. It's a nice casual place that's open 24 hours.笑
I finally get to try this place after staying at The Mirage. I have to admit their breakfast menu looked very enticing, and I was impressed by their fair prices. The Milk Chocolate waffles are killer. Their smashed potatoes were very delicious. There was an issue with the wait for our food to come, but that was quickly resolved by the deliciousness of their food.笑
I think when a lot of people are
giving some of these restaurants great breakfast reviews it's based on portion size and how much greasy food they have to offer like chicken and waffles.  This place is perfect:  quiet, very modern, trendy and has healthy options with a farm to table feel.  After a weekend of eating garbage Pantry was like a breath of fresh air.  I had the egg white omelette and it was quite tasty.  I'll save it in my bookmarks!笑
Tried this place for lunch at the Mirage after finishing up at the Secret Garden/ Dolphin Habitat. It is very cute inside and the menu had a lot of options.  We were seated promptly and our waiter greeted us almost immediately.  Overall, we had a quite pleasant experience here. The service was very attentive but not intrusive. My husband takes FOREVER to decide what he wants sometimes, and our server was so patient and was willing to put our son's order in first while my husband decided. I tried the Green Eggs and Ham.  It was delicious.  The english muffin was one of the best I have had.  Obviously fresh baked.  I asked our server if they baked then in house.  He said no but wasn't sure if they were made in the hotel or not.  Still, it was tender and yummy. The potato smash was slightly cold. My husband had the brisket cheese steak on baguette instead of ciabatta.  He seemed to like it.  It was pretty big, too.  This is a fairly new place and it seems like they may have had some transitional issues by the other reviews.  Our experience was very good and I would come here again.  My only complaints are that the closest bathroom is quite a long way from the restaurant and also that the prices are a little steep- i've noticed that most establishments in the Mirage are overpriced, though.笑
Came her twice (mostly out of convenience because I was staying at the Mirage and too lazy to go out)! 

The first morning my friends and I had brunch around 11AM and we waited in line for about 10-15 minutes before we were seated. The first server came by really quickly to take our drink order and then we were greeted a few minutes later by another server to take our food order.

The next day, we had an early breakfast around 8AM and we were seated right away (no wait). The restaurant was not full but it took a little longer for our server to come. My friend ordered a coffee and the server that brought it to us also left the huge pot there (maybe forgot about it, but never came back for it). 

My friends and I aren't usually a "needy" table but we had everything we needed from the beginning and weren't checked on too often. Among the 3 of us, we ordered 3 dishes and had plenty of leftovers. These dishes are definitely more enjoyable when you share. Price point is average for Las Vegas. You'll be spending at least $14-22 per dish. I would totally come back if I were to stay at the Mirage again and am too lazy to go far for food. Haha笑
Too expensive for the quality of the food. This place use to be decent but it has gone downhill. Stay away from the turkey bacon, it taste and smelled like hot dogs.笑
I was a little confused about their advertising of a 2-for-1 drink special. Our server did his best to explain how the gimmick worked, but it just didn't make sense. I order one of the drinks, expecting two. Server returns with one. I ask, where is the other one? He states that the two drinks that I ordered, are in the one cup. 

Two other couples observed our server trying to explain, and asked us what was the deal. There is no deal. Apparently, the 2-for-1 drink special they advertise is for looks, and draw, but in the end, you get ripped. Ok. Kinda tricky there. 

Our server was nice enough to fix it without asking, so he saved the day. No one wants to argue at breakfast, wtf. Potatoes were delicious. They weren't hash browns or potatoes o'brien. It was a nice unique mash potato fried with seasonings hybrid. Waffle was perfect. It was crisp on the outside, fluffy on the inside. I drowned it in butter and covered it with an egg. I enjoyed the breakfast here.

We were lucky (in Vegas?) enough to get there at a time where the rush built up after we were seated and eating. Almost every time I passed the place on my way to the room, there was a bit of a wait.笑
I stopped by this restaurant and was told that it was going to close at 9pm for weekly cleaning but they would resume their 24/7 schedule the following day.  The next night I went in after midnight and the place was almost empty.  It was a weekday though.  I wanted to order food to go and was directed to the bar.  I ordered the fish and chips.  It took about 20 minutes or so for the food.  The restaurant is located feet from the hotel elevators so I expected hot, fresh food when I got to my room.  I was really disappointed though.  The French fries were soggy and lukewarm.  The fish should have had a crunchy batter but was soggy, just like the fries.  It was fairly hot but not that tasty.  For $20 plus tax and tip I really expected more than one soggy piece of fish.  I think that my food probably sat in the kitchen for a while before it was delivered to me.  There is no way that the piece of fish had just came out of a fryer.  If I ever go back I would stick with breakfast.  I can't really speak to the service.  The hostess and the bartender were not unfriendly but really didn't do anything to make me feel welcome.笑
Everyone has that one really bad restaurant experience while on vacation, this was one of them for me. Aside from it taking 45 minutes to take our order (I understand, it's busy) when my breakfast came it was ice cold. The rest of my party got to eat, I waited 40 minutes for my redo plate and it was basically thrown onto my table.

Their $5 cup of coffee that tastes like cardboard is not worth it. Can't say I'll ever come back here.笑
As we wandered down from our room the first place we saw for breakfast was the Pantry.  Let's roll the dice and try our luck.  

We were seated fairly quickly with the few standing in line.  Our awesome waiter was over immediately.  He did an outstanding job during his busy morning. I was quite impressed.  

The feta and spinach scramble was calling my name.  It was served with smash browns and toast.  My meal was delicious! I certainly enjoyed the smash browns which were perfectly named.  Browned potatoes then smashed almost into mashed potatoes.  Yummy! The sourdough toast with their homemade strawberry jam was delightful!

If you're staying at the Mirage, the Pantry is a good choice for breakfast.  AND they serve breakfast at any time.笑
Huge! I repeat huge amount of food. Half Caesar salad was delicious. Spin and Feta scramble was great. Could definetly share an entree!笑
Was at the Mirage for the Big Smoke show, then ended up at the Mirage's new Parlor Lounge for drinks and cigars with a few friends.

a few hours later, I realized I need to get something to eat, you can't live off of scotch and cigars all night.....well, maybe you can, but not always best idea

I went off the Canter's deli, only to find the one night I wanted to eat there, they closed early! just my luck

being a Friday, I went off in search of a bowl of clam chowder
this place was the only thing open at the time, so just said what the heck?

wandered up to the counter and got a seat
pretty empty in here, probably since 1130pm is not an hour reserved for dining right?....good for me, got served rather quickly

their clam chowder was just ok, a bit on the thin side, I prefer thicker chowder
it wasn't anything special, just a basic bowl of chowder
a little pricey too, but you are at a strip hotel, so that should be expected
came to about 12 bucks with tax
left couple bucks for tip, and then back to Parlor Lounge for more scotch!笑
Cute restaurant! I wish Yelp had half star ratings as this is really a 3.5. The wait was quite long while we could see many open tables, when seated, we had a good server but seemed annoyed that we didn't have our order ready in two minutes. Ok, sorry for not memorizing the menu- not a speed reader! 

Let's get to why you're reading this: White Chocolate Brioche French Toast with a Berry Compote- amazing! I didn't use the little pot of syrup that it came with one time as not to run the wonderful flavors of the berries and white chocolate. Blueberry Pancakes were huge and full of massive blueberries. They were delish as well. We ordered a side of Turkey Bacon and that could've come a little crispier but that's on me for not stating. That food is 4 star no doubt. 

Please get more cooks in the kitchen (ha!) as it takes a hot minute to get your food! 

PS- the latte is something not to miss as well!笑
Very good! Right portion size, clean goodo location! Love the size of the turkeyclub and the freshness of the ciabatta bread! My husband had chicken fried staek and eggs and love it as well!笑
Best pancakes ever! These are worth every minute you have to wait in line for them. I will definitely go here every time I'm in Las Vegas. Fabulous food.笑
We are here this morning and were very underwhelmed.  I got a side of bacon, side of spinach and Grandma's fruit bowl. The fruit was great. The bacon was 3 pieces of over cooked bacon for $7.00. My husbands coffee was $5.00 and my orange juice was $4.50 for a SMALL mason jar that was not refillable (probably 4-6 oz of juice tops). My husband got an omelette that was basically a couple of folded over eggs with very skimpy fillings. 

Look, I know this is Vegas and everything costs a premium. I have no problem paying higher prices to eat but I expect at least mediocre food for the price. 

Skip this place and find somewhere else.笑
Poor service, came in for happy hour and the bartender Michael informed us we can't have any food even though there is a huge sign stating we can out front. It was also my bday at midnight so my ID expires and he was just being a complete tool about that also saying at midnight he's cutting me off. What a great place I chose to celebrate my birthday. Learn some people skills asshole and learn your own menu.笑
Where to begin.... My veggie burger was absolutely delicious and our server Janel was so sweet! She was attentive, helpful and a joy to talk to! We will be back!笑
Wonderful staff, great atmosphere and fantastic breakfast! The Bloody Mary was on point! Such a great place to eat at the Mirage.笑
Ate here often during a recent stay at The Mirage, mostly out of convenience because we were staying at the Mirage + it was the only restaurant in the hotel that's open 24/7. Overall, it was good, but it depends on what you ordered. Hubby and I had dinner and late night snacks here and I ordered breakfast to go early one morning. I also had room service from here for breakfast. The eggs and bacon had a slightly weird aftertaste, but since I didn't feel sick afterward and the dish was otherwise ok, I decided it wasn't bad. The pancakes were DELICIOUS, though (had them on 2 separate occasions). Definitely my favorite thing on the menu. Light and fluffy and on the larger side.

Things to know:
- If you're a Mirage guest, Pantry is who room service food is from
- They are located outside the guest elevators of the Mirage, next to the Samba Brazilian steakhouse
- I usually saw the longest wait line during breakfast and dinner
- They are open 24 hours
- Decor ambience was very cute, felt very homey
- Booths are huge (a plus for me!), with a small pail with napkins and utensils at the edge, nice touch
- Service was mostly good*

*My only gripe: When I went very early one morning to get an order to go with some coffee, the guy at the counter (bald guy) was a bit dismissive with me and kind of ignored/didn't acknowledge me right away (a simple "I'll be right with you" with a smile would've been perfectly fine if he was helping someone else). After I placed the order, I was trying to get his attention again to tell him that I'd be back, but he ignored me again. I tried waving my arms at another server who got eye contact with me, but he ignored me as well and walked away (even though he clearly saw me). I FINALLY had to flag down a female server to tell her my message, and she said she'd tell the counter guy for me (with no apology by the way!). There were a few other tables of people dining there, but only one other person ordering at the counter, so they were not so busy that they had an excuse to ignore me - AND I was not rude at all and polite/nice to everyone. THEN, when I come back to get my order, he gives it to me but forgets my coffee. When I mentioned it, he glanced back and claimed someone must've taken it (which they did not - he never gave me a coffee).

Otherwise, it's a cute place with decent eats and mostly good service.笑
Located very close to the guest elevators, Pantry not only does breakfast all day, but has amazing lunch/dinner options. The white and bright exterior make it easy to spot in the dark surroundings of The Mirage. The staff is beyond friendly and kind. I chose the Mahi Mahi tacos which does not come with a side but I got some potato wedge fries for a side and mmmmm so good! My mom ordered the salmon and even though I did not try it, she loved it. The mixed veggies that came on the side looked so delicious. Definitely looking forward to come back and try breakfast!!笑
Date & Time:  Tuesday December 21, 2016 @ 11am
Dining Companions:  Mommy & The Husband
Scene:  Families in Yeezy Sweatshirts & Uggs
Decor:  White Country Kitchen, Subway Tiles, WainScoting, Booths & Marble Communal Seating
Service:  Friendly, Efficient, On-Point
Devour:  Eggs Benedict, Waffle, Fruit & Greek Yogurt
Total:  $60笑
I ended up here at the lovely pantry because I received a food and beverage credit due to the hotel messing up on some things at check in. I had already ate dinner earlier that day but after some gambling late night we ended up hungry again and low and behold there was this 24 hour spot! Life saver! They usually have somebody standing at the front to seat you for dining however I wanted my food to go and eat in my room! If this is the case then all you have to do is go right up to the bar and order from the bartender. The man who was working the night that we went was a tad bit rude but I really didn't think too much into it until when I asked for the food to be charged to the room. Apparently the front desk didn't do something correct and I was unable to do so. He ended up getting it fixed but it was the way he went about it that left a bad taste in my mouth. Food was great service wasn't so had to properly remove the what could've been 4th star for them. Will I return? it's possible...笑
My wife and I had a great experience eating at the Pantry-24 Hour Kitchen in Caesar's Palace.  Our waitress Janel, was fantastic.  She was engaging, friendly and helpful.  The food was served quickly and was delicious.  Our drinks were great.  I would highly recommend to anyone to go try it out, you won't be disappointed!笑
Such great desserts here. Try the salted caramel Blondie hot iron cookie skillet. It's amazing. Not found of the $4 drinks (w/refills) but for the desserts I guess it's worth it.笑
We were very disappointed in quality of food. I had shrimp and pasta   Bland. Wife fish and chips. Also tasteless   Burgers looked good   Service was slow and non caring.笑
Our food arrived cold and lacked any special flavor. It wasn't "bad" but I could've made better food myself and not paid $40. I used a reward I got through M life and even though we were discounted $15, it still was that much. Our waitress was MIA the majority of the time and we were seated right under a freezing a/c breeze, which made the food even colder before we could eat it all. I wouldn't waste you time unless you're eating for free. There's better restaurants in the mirage.笑
We are here very late on our first night in town. We split a burger and it was fresh and delicious. Maybe it being so late and having a few drinks made it seem better too lol. Prompt, friendly service.笑
Not terrible, but not good. There just really isn't anything that stands out about this place. I got the flatbread and calamari on happy hour, both were completely eh. I had a slice and was done (and I hate wasting food). I sat at the bar and Service was also very dull. Too many good options for the same price up and down the strip.笑
Came here for a late night bite at around 1:30am last Saturday. We really wanted to only get dessert, but I saw chicken and waffles so... We ordered that and the caramel cookie skillet. I recommend both! At the same time! Why not?

Although it wasn't entirely busy, the food seemed like it took awhile to come out and we were tired and almost wanted to sleep instead. It's a good thing that our group of 6 had plenty to talk about! I'm sure there's less servers too around this time since it was late. I had no idea that it was open 24 hours. It makes it so convenient too being right by the elevators. 

If you come here for breakfast, the line is long. I did a double take watching all the people wait in line each time we walked by the place from the elevators each morning.

I'm curious about trying other menu items... Wait! Actually I did! The tomato bisque soup and grilled cheese on the Mirage room service menu IS from Pantry and the dish was great!笑
I was not impressed with the food at all. The only good thing I can say about this place is that it is open 24 hours and after a night out on the town, they promptly had our to-go food ready in less than 15 minutes. It could be that we ordered items that weren't on the breakfast menu and maybe it was our own fault for not following what others on yelp recommended.

We ordered: 
Fried chicken Brussels sprouts - Flavorless, but the batter was crunchy
Pork Chops - Strange Batter that was Sweet and Salty?  
Fried Chicken - Dry and overcooked with no flavor
Fries - Fresh and Crispy

The portions were extremely generous, but it lacked flavor.  We didn't even finish half what we ordered despite how hungry we were after David Guetta :)笑
After quite a long and grueling day at a trade show here in Las Vegas, my employee and I we're more than ready to have dinner as quickly and conveniently as we possibly could. When we came into the pantry 24-hour restaurant, we were greeted, seated and given menus cheerfully and promptly. The menu was very clear and geared toward American Diner cuisine and specializing in breakfast all day long as well. We were ravenous for dinner and I ordered the braised salmon which was great. However the greatest highlight was our waitress whose name was Janel. She was so prompt, cheerful, attentive, helpful and caring about how every aspect of our meal was and it was great. The thing that I really liked the most was kind of unexpected. She said after every response to her queries about our dinner "My pleasure", which I love for anyone serving another person to say as opposed to today's typical "no problem" reply which is most commonly heard almost everywhere. Great job Janel, we'll be back tomorrow night to see you again for dinner!

R.C.笑
The food was great with great quality, home made strawberry jelly served in individual dishes, great coffee, the server was great. The only down side was that the restaurant was full and it took over 30 min to get our food and our server was hard to find as I suppose they were understaffed.笑
My wife and I had a late meal after the LOVE show last night. We waited in line for about 10 minutes just to get a table. Once seated we were asked for our drink orders. We selected two glasses of wine, a Pinot Noir and waters. It took another 5 minutes more to get our water glasses filled. When our waitress came over to take our meal order another 5 minutes later, she mentioned that they were out of the wine we selected. We order a Merlot as a replacement. My wife ordered the daily soup and grilled cheese sandwich. I ordered the "Backyard Burger" and a side of clam chowder. The waitress asked me if I wanted the soup out separate of my burger which I said I could have them brought together. The same question was not asked of my wife. About 10 minutes later our food arrived and when we asked about our wine, the person delivering our food (which was not our waitress), had no clue that we had ordered wine. My wife told this person to cancel the wine order since we had hoped to drink our wine before our meal was served. When I cut into my burger it was medium rare (bright red). I had ordered it as a "medium". I flagged down a bus person who took it back to the kitchen to fix a new burger. A few minutes later, the manager came out with two glasses of wine and apologized for the issue with our drink order. He also said that the meat was how they cooked it for "medium" but would redo it as "medium well". The new burger was OK but even at "medium well' there was still some pink to the inside. 

We finished our meal and got our check. As we were reviewing the charges, we realized that the wine we did get was charged at $14. My wife called over and got a copy of the drink menu only to find that the wine we did order was only $12 per glass. We flagged down our waitress to have her fix the bill. She took it back to the manager and shortly afterwards got a new bill with $4 discount applied. We paid the bill and left.

As convenient this new restaurant is for Mirage guests, the service and food quality are not worth it. 

Also it would be nice if the employees had name tags so they could be indentfied as working at the restaurant instead of trying to get someone's attention to ask for our waiter/waitress.笑
We truly enjoyed our dinner at Pastrys.  Janel was an excellent server and made our dinner an enjoyable experience.  Janel was attentive and so friendly.  We were on vacation and this experience was memorable.  Love the Mirage!  Thank you Janel!  We will definitely be back in a few months.笑
We stayed at the Mirage this past weekend to celebrate our anniversary and had two run ins with the pantry.  The first was for brunch, we sat at the bar top and ordered breakfast items.  The huevos rancheros were good but the eggs benny and blueberry pancakes were just ok.  Also if you sit at the countertop be prepared for the onslaught of interruptions by at least 3 bartenders.  Ugh we were asked if we wanted our coffee refilled at least 10 times, no exaggeration!  Also this place is pricey for brunch we spent $60 and that's without cocktails.
Our second experience was much better, after a night of dancing we decided to order room service at 2am.  We shared the grilled cheese and fries.  We were told delivery would be 30 mins or less and it was more like 10 mins tops.  The grilled cheese was buttery and had swiss and cheddar.  The fries were steak cut ones and seasoned great.  This hit the spot.  
Next time I will stick to room service!笑
Great addition to the hotel,  open 24 hours and a wide variety of food for almost any appetite. Janel is a great and super attentive server.笑
Great food. Casual & affordable. Our waitress Janel was the best part about it. Fun, energetic,  & efficient! Thank you Janel...we will see you soon.

Coach Doug笑
Great place we came across around breakfast, a line out the door. Came back for 3-6pm happy hour. Two gin n tonics for $9. $5 apps. Great service by Janel. Spunky, fun, happy to be working here, great attitude and helpful. Hard to come by these days. Made the experience all that much better!笑
Conveniently located in the heart of The Mirage and really convenient hours - 24/7. Can't beat that. 

During the day getting a table requires standing in line. Not my favorite thing to do but the hostess seems quite efficient and seats people as soon as she can. The menu is eclectic and fun. Service was okay. Food came out fast and tasted pretty good. The smash potato was the highlight of breakfast. The rest was okay but the potato was really yummy. I wish I had lunch or dinner but will have to do that some other visit. Only complaint is gat it is really noisy. All sounds Echo and folks are yelling. Make the music just more noise.笑
Ordered the bananas foster for dessert and it was anything but bananas foster. Instead of a true bananas foster it was a scoop of ice cream with raw bananas and a generic caramel sauce with whipped cream. Very disappointing.笑
I ate at the Pantry for brunch around 11:00 a.m. on a Monday and thought it was superb!  It's such a fun idea and a perfect fit in Mirage!  In the midst of Las Vegas, it genuinely feels like you've been transported back to a diner from your childhood.

THE FOOD IS DELECTABLE HERE! It's not just a gimmicky themed restaurant.  I had the eggs benedict (which is my absolute fave breakfast food) and they did not disappoint!  The English muffin was perfectly toasted and the eggs were poached just right.  Also, the smashed browns were extremely flavorful!  My friend had the Boston Cream Pie pancakes, which I believe is one of their specialty pancakes that alternates everyday!

Whoever hired these servers should win an award because they literally remind me of the servers in some of the diners in my hometown (which I know, is kind of the idea).  The servers are all very sweet, and even their uniforms are on point!  The servers are even a bit quirky, so they have some character as compared to the formal and eloquent servers you're used to on the Strip.  I also think it was cute how they served water/beverages in mason jars!

A nice touch that they implemented recently is selling homemade desserts and jam!  I cannot wait to dine here again!笑
I really loved the atmosphere of the Pantry.
My husband and I visited this establishment for breakfast. We were staying at Harrah's, so the location in the Mirage was very convenient. When we arrived at around 8:30 in the morning we were seated immediately.
The restaurant was charming and whimsical. Our waiter Christian was very prompt and helpful with his service.
We ordered the cheddar and chive biscuits with honey butter. My husband I shared this dish and it was incredibly light, flaky and delicious.
I ordered the white chocolate brioche french toast with berry compote and whipped mascarpone. Sounds really good right? Well, it "was" good, but it was not as amazing as it sounded in the description on the menu. I was waiting to taste the white chocolate, but I never did. It was just berries and french toast.
My husband had an omlett, which was good, but the breakfast toast was incredible.
Our bill was around $50 with tip, so this is not super expensive, but not a place on the cheap either. We recommending this spot to our family, so I would definately recommend to other visitors to Vegas!笑
If I could eat here every morning of my life, I would be so happy. This restaurant is so charming. The decor is sunny and lovely. They have the cutest little creamer containers. Everything is just perfectly designed. There is quite a lengthy line to get in, but luckily I had my M-Life card and was able to bypass the long line in a sort of "fast pass" process. 
I was able to eat here three mornings during my stay at The Mirage. I ordered the Huevos Rancheros the first morning, but ordered the pancakes both times after. The pancakes are to die for. There is no sense in ordering anything else. I am usually an egg/hash brown person in the morning, but the pancakes are so exceptional they changed me! My friend ordered the special which was Devil Food Pancakes. They were out of this world. I ordered the Chocolate Chip pancakes as well as the straight up Buttermilk pancakes and let me say, I am still thinking about them! This is the perfect place to start your day, or end it! Great service too!笑
Very expensive restaurant got a salad unbelievably small very pricey chicken was not edible will not go back ... but the staff was great and service was quick....i'm leaving a three star because I feel like if I ordered something else I would of liked it笑
This is a gluten free friendly restaurant. Great choices with the bonus of gluten free bread. We went 2 days, both for breakfast. Of course the restaurants has gluten bread and the majority is good diner food. Remember your at a Las Vegas resort hotel, it is expensive.笑
We stayed at the Mirage last week while in Vegas, and this restaurant is located right next to the bank of elevators that go to the rooms so it was hard to miss. The first night we got in I was starving after a long plane ride and bad airport snacks, so we decided to get in line for a table. On a whim we asked if the bar was first come first serve and found out it was, so we ditched the line to eat there instead without a wait.

A bartender brought waters fairly quickly while we browsed the menu. I'm always a sucker for places that serve all day breakfast, but Big T's Grilled Cheese was calling my name. Much like pizza, I rarely meet a sandwich with melted cheese I don't like. 

They served it with piping hot potato wedges, ketchup, a pickle, and pickled green beans. I'm not normally a green bean person but these were awesome. They had that spicy/sweet thing going on and added a much needed bite of freshness to such an indulgent plate (not that I was complaining). 

My friend ordered the Backyard Burger which also came with pickled green beans, a pickle, and potato wedges. On it was caramelized onions, tomatoes, greens, cheddar (that she left off), and a potato bun. She mixed some of the tableside hot sauce into her ketchup and said it made it even better. It was the perfect late night greasy meal.

I wanted to try their coffee and pancakes before leaving (that I heard were great), but we never got back around to it. I would definitely stay at the Mirage again however, so will make my return visit then. It's also convenient that you have the option to charge your bill to your room as well.笑
Solid 4-stars. Ordered happy hour dry rub chicken wings,  white chocolate French toast, and wife had the fish and chips. Wings were to my liking, dry rub little bit on the sweeter side. French toast was good with different berries on top but could use more white chocolate. Fish n chips were just ok but the fries were great. No wait on a Wednesday evening and great service from Alex our waiter. No waiting for refills on our sodas.笑
I needed a place in a pinch to grab a bite to eat for lunch before I left Las Vegas. Staying at the Mirage there were only a couple options to choose from that we're still open. Carnegie deli was the other one and just didn't sound of interest to me.  I decided to give Pantry a try.  I have to say the menu sounded good normally but I couldn't find much this time that I said I gotta have that.  Instead I had Chicken and Waffles for basically the 3rd time in four days.  It wasn't bad.  The chicken was a little overdone but certainly very enjoyable.  It was also priced very reasonably especially for Vegas. While I give it three stars I wouldn't hesitate to recommend it to someone that's looking for a fairly quick meal. It certainly can't hold up to other more fancy restaurants but it's not bad for the price especially.if you have a burning desire to get chicken and waffles I would recommend Hash hash a go go over the pantry笑
Really good chicken and waffles. Even the omelet was seasoned pretty good. I will definitely come back here. The service and food was good at 4 o'clock in the morning.笑
Used to be amazing - great price for high quality food but the new management decided that no 'happy hour' pricing was better suited for regulars. Sort of a crappy experience after being here at the opening and loving the food for the place to turn into just another Vegas dig. Why don't customers matter anymore? Why does it hurt to encourage repeats? I've already heard from a dozen plus friends this won't be their default anymore. Such a small, stupid thing to wring your hands over...笑
A very nice breakfast/brunch place. If you order coffee, you would get a pot on your table, which is great as you don't have to wait for refills and can have as much as wanted. The food is good too and is served in a very attractive way. Service is a bit slow, but is very attentive and courteous. There are nice kids' menu choices. Side orders and beverages are pricey - $7 for bacon, $3 for one toast, $5 for V8 - I took one star off for that as I think these are a bit ridiculous for the type of place Panty is.笑
Nightmare from beginning to end.   After we arrived (4 adults + baby) we were kept waiting for 20 minutes and it wasn't because they were packed.  It was average lunchtime but despite dozens of staff the tables were not being flipped with any urgency whatsoever.  Finally got in.  Waitress didn't bother giving us any drinks menu.  or kids menu.  instead we were shoved towards a table by a waitress that lost interest in the job in 1974 and at this point overwhelmed us with her indifference. Her taking the drinks order (when she finally provided the menu) was done shouted across the room.   I actually had to go into the kitchen prep area just to find her to get to finish the order.   Got the drinks and she took the food order,  She got it wrong (pressed the wrong button apparently).   Food quality was poor.,  Cold, congealed cheese sauce for the pretzel dip. Under cooked kids burger (red and dripping) - a food health hazard.  Our waitress or indeed anyone to help were missing,  Shift manager was missing (naturally).   Last little sting in the tail is that there is no restroom - nearest one is a long long trek across the casino floor.  Never returning to this nasty little kitchen run by indifferent staff who really couldn't care less about service or my family.  No tip (first time ever for me) and I told them why at the time笑
Very good food.  Visited on several occasions for breakfast and also had the delicious clam chowder one evening.  Our favorite waitress, Janel, was wonderful.  She is very attentive to her customers and has a great personality.  Janel made us feel like family and took wonderful care of us.笑
The food here was pretty tasty. We waited about 30 minutes outside before we were seated, but once we ordered, the food came out pretty quickly. I ordered biscuits and chives something or other. I can't remember what it was called exactly, but it came with scrambled eggs and gravy on top, with the smash potatoes.  The biscuits and eggs were great, especially after I put hot sauce on top and I loved their smashed potatoes. Great place to eat at for breakfast if you're near the Mirage.笑
Make sure you ask to be seated in Janel's section. She's the best!! We had a great time with her!笑
This place is open 24 hours. Came here for breakfast yesterday. They have a special on their pastry menu. You can pick three for $9. Got the blueberry muffin, bagel, and cheddar chive biscuit. The biscuit actually seems like the red lobster Chesapeake biscuit recipe. This was actually the best pastry on their menu. You get two huge biscuits, honey, and butter. Not a bad deal!笑
Colleen is the best!!! We stayed for 5 days for a birthday and she was the sweetest waitress ever.! The food is great! Love the ribs ! Thanks Colleen!笑
Food terrific and plentiful. Service was outstanding. I had the fish and chips and hubby had the chicken chef's salad. Neither of us could finish our meals. Our server, Janel was a jewel as well as the Manager, Jasmine. We're locals that usually don't go to the Strip, but had show tickets. We will make an exception to go back to the Pantry.笑
I so will come again. I had the cheddar chives biscuit with the smash Browns. Oh and I ordered a small order of buttermilk pancakes. Yum!笑
The bartender was super busy. So it's really a hard pill to swallow when the manager is standing there on his phone..Texting. 30 minute piece of cake that I was surprising my boyfriend with for when the time hit midnight. I got in the room by 11:45. The bartender was very nice, I don't remember his name but you can tell he was working very hard!笑
We loved the food here so much that we took a cab back the next day just to eat here again. (The French Toast! The Breakfast Sandwich! ) Our waitress was Colleen and she was charming, efficient and hilarious!笑
Four stars for the restaurant + 1 extra star for the great service!
One of the nicest restaurant/cafe in vegas located at the Mirage hotel. Not the fancy kind but it definitely has a lot of chic!
We really liked the decor. The food was good, and our waiter, Christian, was great! He patiently explained what's on the menu and what he recommend.
We really enjoyed and we'll definitely go back, even if we won't stay at the Mirage.笑
My family and I had wandered over here from TI and we saw the show LOVE. Where to go after hours at The Mirage..well The Pantry, of course. We headed over and got into line. There was only one couple in front of us but it took forever to be seated. But not to worry...we had plenty of entertainment from the drunk 20-somethings stumbling around. 

We were finally seated and I have to say that it was VERY cold inside. None of us took off our jackets and I was still chilly. I ordered the breakfast sandwich and two people ordered the waffle and one ordered the salmon. It took awhile for the food to arrive...I guess the kitchen was backed up. 

My breakfast sandwich was very good and so were the potatoes that came with it. Be sure to ask for extra condiments because I only got a squeeze of ketchup in a little container...not nearly enough. The waffles were good and so was the salmon. Nothing spectacular. I would come here again if I was in The Mirage at a late hour.笑
Top notch breakfast.  Possibly the best pancakes I ever had.  Smash Browns on the money.  Fair price.  Ate at counter. Good service and price is fair considering your at the mirage.  Didn't try lunch but for breakfast give it a try.笑
Bartenders are clueless.  One didn't know how much beers were until he rung it up.  They are all $7.50. How do you not know of that?  There is also nothing about drinks on the menu that I remember  seeing.  

Instead of giving you the utensils and napkin they have a tumbler/ jar thing at each table that you grab your own from.  That cannot be sanitary with random people reaching into it all day. 

I ordered my steak medium rare,  it came our rare. I sent it back but they let me munch on the fries that came with it while I waited.  I finally got another supposedly medium rare steak. It was still pretty rare but it came with more fries and I was hungry so I just ate it.  It was actually pretty good and for $19,  not a bad value. 

I had breakfast here earlier in the day and it was OK.  Not sure I'll go back here as there are literally 1000 other places to eat at in Vegas.笑
This is the calmest place to eat at the mirage that isnt a fortune Our server Jonel was outstanding and made the group enjoyed their meal even more
We loved the grilled cheese and tomato soup after days of rich eating  and don't miss the fruit cobbler笑
If you're staying at the mirage, it's hard to argue the convenience of the location and no nonsense menu. That would likely be the only reason for dining here or even knowing its existence. 

Thus the reason I dined here twice. 

Huevos rancheros were okay. It's hard to mess that up terribly, though. It's a safe order. 

Chicken from the chicken and waffles were way under-seasoned. The crispness of batter was acceptable. The waffles were reminiscent of a sourdough pancake I had once. They were not good. In any case, even a good waffle would've been ruined by the fake syrup. 

You're better off eating the buffet with these prices; at least if there's a miss there, you can move on to the next ten dishes. They're nearly side by side so they probably share a kitchen anyway. 

The blueberry pancakes were pretty decent.笑
Great great great food! Mahi Mahi tacos were FAB, and the breakfast is super yummy, 24 hrs served so eats at anytime!笑
Very friendly staff, food good.  Had the spinach, feta, roasted tomato eggs, very very tasty, hubs had the Lorraine omelet, very good.  Prices, as with all restaurants in the strip hotels, are high, but I would at least like to be able to enjoy the food and be taken care of by staff that really seems to enjoy their job.  Place was ridiculously clean as well.  Felt very comfortable about eating there.  Line moves fast, the place is bigger than it looks from outside.笑
We had an amazing meal made so much better by Colleen! She was dancing and making us laugh and we will be back especially to see her!笑
We had the fried green tomatoes, fish and chips, hamburger and fries, and I had the shrimp over grits. The food was delicious. Love the atmosphere and the Cindy our server was very friendly.笑
Food was awesome. We wanted pancakes and breakfast at 1pm. The food was awesome! But service took long and we had 3 different servers. They were pretty unorganized. But if your patient like us, the food was worth it!笑
Accidentally slept in at the hotel and was super sad that I missed breakfast. Then I remembered this place! Right at the base of the elevators that take you up to your rooms!
They serve breakfast all types of meals, 24 hours a day!
I got a stack of pancakes from the kids menu, 1 scrambled egg, and shared an order of bacon with my boyfriend, and I was STUFFED. He ordered a full size order of blueberry pancakes and he couldn't even finish them. It is a little pricey, but it's vegas, what isn't pricey here? Very good food, nice service, and the whole farm house kitchen theme is very welcoming :) definitely would return!笑
Very good food, good service.  A lot of the things people normally eat and breakfast is served all day!  Can't go wrong if you're at The Mirage.笑
Cute place. Breakfast and regular meals 24 hours. Pancakes are great. Clean and friendly. Not too expensive.笑
Located in the Mirage hotel.  Very reasonable prices and the food and service are amazing. We ate here twice and sat at the bar both times. 

The bartenders have great personalities and made us feel at home. The Eggs Benedict was amazing. The potatoes were fresh and crisp. I highly recommend this place. You won't be disappointed.笑
I was a little skeptical of coming here as the reviews aren't that great, not sure if the reviews are also including that this is the hotel's restaurant for their room service as well. This review is all based of the actual sit down restaurant for breakfast. 

Overall the first thing that stood out was the ambiance and decor. It was really nice a mixture of country contemporary and very clean. Drinks are served out of mason jars, milk is served in farm milk cans and the special are presented in a cast iron, super country cute! 

Although there tends to be a wait, service was fast and friendly. 

The reason why they don't get a full 5 is because the food is overall somewhat bland. Again, great presentation but it lacked some flavor.笑
Seriously I'm not a fan of casino restaurants - this one is an exception - our table ordered fruit, flatbread, scrambled eggs and potatoes, and a Cobb salad and everything was amazing. They'll even serve you wine in a mason jar if you ask. Speaking of service, ask for Janel -she was amazing. Our group continued to grow and she continued to add tables and just take it all in stride. This place is like visiting your grandmas kitchen - I'll be back during my stay.笑
It's okay. 

It's definitely convenient having it next to our elevators and the wait wasn't more than 10-15 minutes during a very busy time.

The coffee is delicious, the service was great despite it being busy.

I ordered the eggs and biscuits and gravy, I left a happy girl. It was heavy, i suggest getting extra salsa/ pico on the side! Brightens each bite. 

My husband ordered the chicken and waffles, it was okay. The waffle was flimsy, not crispy. I know this sounds particular but when you're having it with chicken and pouring syrup all over, you want that waffle to be exceptional to hold up. It also didn't have much flavor. It just tasted like oil. 

It was a breakfast that satisfied our hunger and we are glad we tried it! But nothing that wowed us.笑
The Pantry showed a great promise through their pictures but unfortunately the flavor of their dishes is quite bland and nothing special.  We had the Texas Fried Chicken with Waffle and White Chocolate French Toast.  I must say service was great and wait was not bad but they need to improve on their flavors or start charging more like a Dennys rate.笑
Very disappointed.  I ate at the counter and was able to order fairly quickly.  I ordered the grilled cheese and mentioned that I was planning to order dessert.  It went downhill from there.  The grilled cheese was bad, it was chewy and had no flavor.  I opened it up and added pepper just to give it flavor.. Did not work.  I left most of the sandwich as it wasn't edible...  As the server walked by he asked me how it was; I mentioned that I didn't care for it...He just kept on walking.  Then he ignored me..  after he walked by me several times, I finally asked for a menu to look at desserts and he went to get one...  He forgot that I asked for a menu after he turned away.  I waited another 5 minutes while I watched him do busy work, help 3 other customers, and walk by me several times.  He finally made eye contact and he remembered...Then I had to ask for water for the 3rd time..  The dessert was good (which is why I gave 2 stars)...  I then had to wait for my check... until I decided to ask for it...  All around very disappointing and I don't plan to sit at that counter again.笑
Worth the wait. Goes fast. Went for breakfast and lunch. Never disappointed. We enjoyed outlets to recharge phones.笑
Great spot located in the Mirage.  They offer take out and you can call in your order ahead of time.  The pool doesn't start serving food until 11 a.m. so we ordered breakfast sandwiches here and took them to the pool.

They have a big menu with a wide variety of offerings.  We went twice for breakfast when we stayed here.  Sit by the bar and enjoy the 2 bearded twins' (not actually twins) humor.  The two guys behind the bar are really funny and nice.  You'll probably enjoy your meal more talking to them rather than waiting for a table.  Their breakfast sandwiches are large!  Large enough to share.  And they come with the smash browns, which are buttery and delicious.  We also tried their pancakes, equally delicious and large.  The doughnuts are also worth getting.  They also offer lunch and dinner.笑
I am a Vegas local, and if you look at my reviews, I am very fair and don't give many bad reviews, but Pantry was just plain bad. The concept, design and table wares are fantastic. It is too bad that the staff, service and food don't follow suit.

It started Monday evening waiting on friends who I was meeting to see Beatles Love. We sat at the bar and I could tell almost immediately that things weren't going to go well. The bartender was going off about something with two guests sitting at the bar. When I ordered a martini, he very sarcastically stated, "Well I hope you like that on the rocks - we don't have martini glasses here." Oh well, a vodka tonic for me then.

I started with Calamari -- extremely "rubbery" for calamari with very soggy breading. They serve their calamari with a mayo based dip which I didn't care for, but that is just my personal taste. The soggy, rubbery calamari -- no thanks.

When my friends arrived, they literally waited five minutes before being acknowledged by the bartender. Apparently the manager saw that he was struggling and came behind the bar and we were so relived, thinking he was there to help. I was dumbfounded when we asked for drinks and his response was, "The bartender is backed up -- he'll be caught up soon." What decent manager doesn't jump in and help!!! One of my friends asked for lemonade and you'd have thought he asked for bubbling jet fuel. The bartender acted completely put out and it was a real effort for him to find the lemonade.

The loaded waffle fries my friends had were actually decent, but the terrible service and my bad calamari were signs that we won't be back. Pantry has a long way to go, and it is a shame because the concept is a great one.笑
Like my first drunk sex experience- forgettable! This was public highschool cafeteria-grade ungoodness. 

The only reason they got a second star was that the service was excellent (Cindy, originally from Montibello, CA, was an absolute darling), and they use real maple syrup for the waffles. 

Everything else....... prefer to pass. 

Meh to the max.笑
Corn beef hash - amazing 

Waffle fries - bomb

Clam chowder - great 

Bavarian pretzel - tasty 

Calamari - ok

Truffle mac N cheese - heavenly

Service - not so stellar. The servers are not attentive to your dining needs. Can't enjoy your food when the service isn't up to par. Took forever to flag any server down, they forgot one of our orders, never got that side of ranch, mason jars with water were not refilled ... I can go on, but I'll leave it at that. Service needs improvement.笑
Four of us just ate here, nobody really cared for our breakfast selections....  nothing special. 
  Would not come back.笑
Janel helped us make our food selections and was very helpful!  Everything was fantastic.  It was so good, we went back for breakfast......笑
Great service, good food, quick in and out. 
Attempting to get a quick byte before a show we arrived at The Pantry. There was a line but we got seated quickly even though the place was packed. Atmosphere kind of dinerish, clean, nothing very inviting but what diner is?  We immediately were attended to and gave our drink order. Service was friendly and attentive, and surprisingly even though the place was packed we did not wait long for our order to be taken or the food to come to the table. We shared the Wings 2 way, Pretzel w/cheese, and Caprese (veggie cheese pizza bread). All was served hot with great flavors. We made the show on time!笑
We came here for a late night meal.  The place was pretty packed so we were thinking that this is a good place to eat. Boy were we wrong.  The service here is what made me give it the 2 stars.  It's like everyone here has ADD or something.  It took them 45 minutes to bring our food to us, only to forget some items, like my bread.  We asked 2 different staff members for my bread and both forgot again.  It was given me 20 minutes later.  For the most part the food was okay.  I ordered the steak and eggs, which my steak was cooked medium when I ordered Medium Rare. The mac and cheese was gross and that had to be sent back. This place needs an overhaul on the staff before I would consider coming back.笑
Amazingly delicious French toast. Best I have ever had bar none. Had it 3x times and each time was perfection.

At various visits we tried the French toast, bacon, sausage, sides of fruit, steel cut oats,  and biscuits and gravy and they were all absolutely delicious. We never had one thing that we thought was even average. 

Service was fast and friendly but the star was the food.笑
The first morning we ate there for convenience.  The next two mornings we returned because it was good.  

The staff was very friendly and seemed to know what you needed in the way of extra plates and they were not put off by our larger group.  On the morning that we chose to split something, they did not give us the stink eye (even if you share one dish, you need to tip for two, it's only fair)   

Everything was good, which is exactly what you want in the morning.  Predictable food and good quality.  It isn't exactly cheap but it is not crazy eyes out of your head expensive.笑
Always hits the spot! Whether it's 12pm or 3am. My absolute favorite is the Backyard burger. I've had the steak, omelets, sliders among others... Never have been disappointed by any of the dishes. But The Backyard burger will always be in my heart. I have to give props to the people who work there. You really don't have a good business unless you have good workers. These people are absolutely pleasant and on their a game. Definitely must check out if you're in Vegas!笑
This place is fabulous! The food is excellent...fresh, made-to-order, and tasty. This is not your basic Denny's or IHOP plastic taste. The cinnamon sugar mini donuts are to die for! They come to your table freshly cooked. Frank, the manager, suggested Frank's Eggs Benedict. Absolutely fabulous! Frank is a great guy and made sure we had perfect service. It was a great experience.笑
I'd give 4 stars for breakfast but advise against late night service. Boyfriend and I had a sweet waitress in the morning by the name of Jonell. Ordered chicken fried steak and a vanilla waffle. The waffle was amazing. 
Came again for late night food togo. Was ignored for about 8 minutes by the bartender and had to flag a few people down to receive a menu. We ordered a brisket sandwich and pork sliders. Both were just meh. Fries were super dry. 

Overall I'd totally just stick to the Pantry for breakfast food.笑
Food was good.  Had an excellent server, Janel.  She was friendly, down to earth and an excellent server.  Every restaurant needs a Janel on their staff. She made our visit an excellent experience.笑
24-hour dining with mildly healthy options is a rather cool thing, if executed well.

SERVICE.
I can understand it being slow during the wee hours of the morning, but at 2 pm on a weekday, service was incredibly slow, despite the place being 3/4 empty. It took 30+ minutes for our table to get 2 burgers and a salad, which seems excessive. Flagging down a waitress for the bill later was quite time consuming as well.

THE FOOD.
The portions are massive, which is good, since the prices are fairly high too. You definitely get  a decent bang for your buck, and the food is fresh, but altogether fairly heavy. A cobb salad came with at least a cup of crumbled blue cheese (if not more), along with an overload of other ingredients as well. And as there are no fridges in the rooms, you'll more likely than not be wasting most of your lunch.

It's better than grabbing fast food, but if you're in Vegas for the food, I would skip this place for sure.笑
Good variety and everything tasted great...but what made it even more great was our waitress Janel!! She is so incredibly sweet, kind and attentive. Be sure to ask for her section and tell her Yelp sent you. She is a treasure!笑
I would like to take this opportunity to accommodate one of the Pantry's top employee Janel, she gives great customer service.  Pantry has excellent food and quick service. I highly recommend this place. Ask for Janel as your server.笑
It was really pleasing to eat here, the ambiance was great, the food was Amazing!!!! The server was really friendly, the hostess was super nice! They made it feel very welcoming! I loved the fact that everything was ordered and served in a timely manner which is always a plus! I would definitely eat at The Pantry again!笑
Had an awesome experience thanks to our server Janelle she was awesome. The friendliest woman I think I have ever met. The food here is awesome very good portion sizes and super fast when it comes out. We used our $15 my Vegas comp towards the meal just remember that requires a $40 minimum good purchase. I will be back thanks to Janelles awesome customer service!笑
I've been here a few times and the food is always great. My most recent visit was in mid-January and we had the steak special on a Friday evening.  It was a great value and a great steak.  Our server Colleen was super friendly and we can't wait to see her again. I'm a Las Vegas local so when I get to the Mirage, I know that Pantry is  great place to find a good meal and great service!笑
the food is really good...and the portion sizes are quite large.
But don't come here if you are in a hurry!  They are quite slow getting food out to you. Just saying!
It is worth the wait...if you have the time to wait!

- Kerri -笑
My husband and I along with our friends enjoyed a few meals here while we stayed at The Mirage. Food was delicious and service was friendly. The French toast is great- so were the appetizers. We'll be back then next time we're in Vegas.笑
Looooooove the Pantry 24hr Kitchen in Vegas!!
We had the blueberry pancakes and corn beef hash, amongst other things. Food was excellent, and so was Janel, our waitress!! Great smile, great attitude. She is the type of waiter/waitress that keep the customers comin!!!!笑
Omelet-not bad 
Free muffin-yum 
Potato mash-Good 
Service-good 

Expensive breakfast笑
This place a MUST every time I come to
Vegas! The food is top notch (roasted tomato soup and the loaded waffle fries are my go to!) 

But most importantly....our server JANELLE is by far the best server we have ever had....ANYWHERE. this is our second visit in two days just to see her! She is a bubbly woman with short hair and always wears a flower in her hair. What a gem!

I highly recommend this place to anyone and everyone. They even have a kids menu!笑
For a decent priced 24hr eatery Pantry was just ok. We went for lunch. I got the mahi mahi tacos. They were ok , very bland , almost tasteless w/o the pico de gallo and salt i had to add. Chef... Put some flavor on this food already. Fiancé got the brisket cheese steak sandwich. He scarfed the first half down because he was starved but admitted it was also quite tasteless and for a big eater left the rest behind. Looked like a slice of fatty boiled roast beef on a roll with some horseradish cheese. Ill give 2 stars only because the line is out into the casino for breakfast and from what i could see and smell from walking by every morning im thinking the breakfast there is the way to go . Also.. We waited forever for our food to come out and even longer after we were finished for our check. Good luck finding your waitress , be sure to ask for everything you need with your order because if u need some ketchup or ranch your food will be cold and dry by the time they come back with it.笑
Good tasting food when they get the order right. I had to send back my blueberry pancakes for not being cooked in the middle but thankfully the waitress was wonderful and fixed it right away. Place can also be very noisy when it's busy so if you want to have a good conversation you might consider going elsewhere or getting to-go.笑
Blueberry Pancakes, Blueberry Pancakes, Blueberry Pancakes!!!!!  After a late night out partying in LV the Pantry caught my attention.  As a starter I ordered the pretzel with cheese sauce. Now I've been to Germany where their staple for bread is the soft pretzel.  This pretzel closely matches the perfect consistency of the ones in Germany.  I consider myself more of a waffle person, however for some reason my attention was drawn to the blueberry pancakes.  OMG, these are by far the best pancakes I've ever tasted.  I know what you're thinking (after partying all night in Vegas anything will taste good), but the true test was later that day when I was craving a snack and I ate my leftovers.  They were still amazing.  So when  that late night/ early morning craving happens, head to the Pantry.笑
Had the omelet , have to say pretty darn good! Love the hash brown potatoes too! Great looking place for 24 hour open joint笑
All around satisfied.

When it is 3am and you are hungry... What perfect place to come for a midnight snack.  Located on the casino floor inside the mirage, it is perfectly placed next to hotel elevators.

Surprised that at 3:15 am, we had to wait about 10 mins to get a table.  Place was nicely well lit and spacious.  We got a booth table and was quite big for party of 4.  Perhaps a little understaffed during busy weekend?

Some of the menu choices were not available during the wee hours but we all found something to eat.  The chicken fried steak was delicious, just wished that the portion was a little bit more.  The potato that came with it was good but seemed like that serving was more than the check fried steak.

Service was decent and we got our orders correctly.  

Would recommend grabbing bites here.笑
This place has s nice feel to it, seating is cosy but not closed, and nicely spread over the bar, where you sit watching TV, there are booths at the edges with tables inside. A couple of high chair game height tables, and a nice cosy dining hall at the back where I enjoy my lone breakfast at a booth for six! 

My server Cindy was super cheerful and awesome, helping me choose my dishes. 

Almost ordered the salmon and trimmings with bagel but changed to spinach feta scrambled egg which was delicious! I chose to eat mine with sourdough bread! 

Ordered a small serving of blueberry pancakes which came with fresh blueberries served with butter, syrup, and choice of homemade strawberry or blueberry jams which were delicious! 

Loved it! 

Lunch menu available from 11:00 am. I think I had a good start to my day!笑
Since we didn't experience any wait time, the food was great, the service was warm, friendly, and the choice of food was good, we ended up eating here a lot during my stay between April 16-18. Janel was the name of our server extraordinaire, but truthfully, every server, regardless of the time of day that we visited was warm, inviting, had great suggestions, and were attentive.笑
Happy hour chipotle lime chicken was spicy and saucy. Not what I expected. The skin was not totally crispy like I like either. Bf liked them but I did not. Next time I'll save my $5. FYI 5 gets 6 wings. Bf says he liked them so pantry gets 3 starts although I think bf is thinking about the happy hour domestic beer specials lol!笑
Pantry will redefine how you feel about hashbrowns with their "smashbrowns". Seriously good. 

The chicken and waffles were A+. I ordered the breakfast sandwich which was amazing. The food came out fast and hot. 

Pantry is a welcomed addition to The Mirage. The decor is modern and welcoming. Shout out to Jolene the General Manager who was super nice to us.笑
Janel is awesome!  Great service with a smile! Food was great too! She made our experience that much better :)笑
My husband and I stayed at The Mirage for 3.5 days and ate here three times. It was mostly due to convenience -- but we kept going back vs. somewhere else due to the excellent food. 

We had lunch once and breakfast twice and everything we ate was delicious and a good price for Vegas. Their "smash brown" hash browns are Delish! The service was ok --- we sat at the bar one morning and the bartender/server was excellent! Two other times at tables was decent. Usually long lines to get in but it moved quickly. 

We would definitely eat here again. Especially is we stay at The Mirage again. We were not disappointed one bit.笑
Great 24 hour food spot located in the Mirage.

- Chances are you're in dire need of food to go with your drinking habit. Pantry serves breakfast 24 hrs a day.
- You probably smell pretty bad from drinking, smoking, and dancing all night. Grab a bite to eat before you head up to hit the shower, your hangover will thank you.
- Super fast friendly service and they won't even make fun of the fact that you cheaped out and got a $20 hooker, instead of a $100 hooker. Hey at least you're nice enough to buy her some pancakes. 
- Prices are moderately expensive, but it is Las Vegas the only thing cheap are the hookers.
- Interestingly enough they have healthy organic options...in case you've endulged so much you need to offset your behavior.
- You can gamble close by while you wait for a seat.
- The décor is very white, French country kitchen style. Nice and keeps you awake night or day.

I had a nice breakfast here before heading out of town last time in Vegas.  Casinos were good to us, and Vegas paid for it...so awesome.

ENJOY people, and wrap it up buttercup!笑
While staying at the Mirage my friends and I walked by Pantry a few times and were always intrigued by it's starkly white yet friendly and inviting interior. It's in a great location, just passed the guest room elevators which makes it a prime pit stop before and after heading out to the strip. We initially considered coming here for breakfast but found that their options seemed limited, the line too long and the prices too steep. Before heading out for a night of dancing however, the Pantry suddenly seemed more enticing and we stopped by for dinner. Pantry definitely has more of a diner feel to it but it's almost like an upscale diner as its interior is very modern and kept very neat and clean. I ordered the veggie burger and side salad. It was very tasty. The quality of the greens was evident and the dressing wasn't your typical diner ranch but a nice balsamic instead. The veggie patty was so good that I started eating it by itself without the bun - that's not to say that the bun wasn't delicious but I wasn't looking to grow a food baby right before going out. All my friends enjoyed what they ordered. My friend's meatball sandwich looked giant and delicious and I was tempted to take a bite. There was also chicken and waffles at the table and a shrimp pasta. Both were said to be really good. Service here was fast and our server was accommodating of our group of 6 when it came to splitting the bill. If at the Mirage again I would definitely stop by. The food was of quality and reasonably priced and the service was on point. Solid establishment.笑
Amazing!!! One of my faves in Vegas totally recommend it!!! I loved the decor of the restaurant was very clean very organized. My breakfast was Amazing I can't wait to come back and wat here again.笑
The Pantry is a small restaurant located inside of The Mirage.  The menu is simple, the service was good and I like the pristine white look of the place.  We stopped in here for a quick bite so I only ordered a Farmer Salad with a grilled shrimp add-on.  They charge $8 for 5-6 shrimp.  You can't really go wrong with a salad so I have no complaints.  It was recommended not to drink the water so maybe order the bottled water if you're thirsty.笑
I have no regrets about eating at Pantry! First off, I thought the cozy yet modern aesthetic of the restaurant was very cute. I am a sucker for breakfast, so I was super stoked to find out that it's served 24 hours. Our service wasn't the best. Our waitress was a bit impatient but still very sweet. I ordered the white chocolate brioche French toast, and it definitely lived up to the hype. My boyfriend ordered a side of fruit with his meal, but never received it. That was kind of a bummer, but they didn't charge us for it. I guess she just missed that when he ordered it or wasn't really paying attention lol. Regardless, I would definitely recommend this place to a friend. As a local, I'm coming back for more very soon!笑
Normally I would give this restaurant 4 stars, however Janel's service is up there with the best I have experienced in the strip recently. I have a very serious nut allergy and she went out of her way to make certain there was no cross contamination in my food. Furthermore she is so incredibly warm and friendly. And it goes perfectly with the atmosphere and "comfort food" style of the restaurant.笑
Had the Backyard Burger today and it's one of the best I've tried in Vegas! The caramelized onion is amazing. The beef too. Sorry BLT Burger,  this is better. Yum!笑
I visited the Pantry 5+ times during my 4 day stay in Vegas. It was my go to spot at 4am, and also the perfect place to grab a bloody at noon.

I tried all of my friends food, everything was great! I don't know if that was because we were always drunk or hungover, but the food was consistently solid.

Minus one star because service could be spotty. Waiting over 30 mins for a bagel and cream cheese at 4am really sucked.笑
Stopped in for Happy Hour and to watch my GS Warriors do my thing on the big screen!

The HH specials are delicious, the wings were the highlight for me.  The sandwiches/burger was not only delicious as well, but huge portions and a reasonable price!  During HH if you order a burger it comes with a beer!  I'd skip the flatbread though, that was the only thing I wasn't impressed with.

Service was quick and friendly, selection of beers and wines was pretty big... overall this seems like one of the best deals on the strip to me!

HH is from 3-6 PM and 11-2 AM.  Nice to be able to sit down at the bar, get some good food and drink, and watch some basketball at the same time!笑
If I could give a zero star I would. We ordered the cheese steak and fish & chips. The cheese steak tasted like frozen pulled/shredded tasteless watery beef. The fish came out drenched in oil and fell apart as I tried to pick one up with my fork. It tasted like freezer burnt fish. Disgusting over all. The frozen fries I buy from the grocery store tasted better. If the food here was half decent I would have nothing to complain about. Good luck if you decide to eat here.笑
Located at the far back of The Mirage Casino is The Pantry.  I have been here several times and love it.  Regardless of the fact that it is located on the Strip and in a casino, the prices are not sky high, but quite reasonable.  The ambiance is very appealing and welcoming.  It is a beautiful restaurant and also has a full bar.  But the best thing of all, along with the delicious food, is the genuine warmness and very pleasant staff.   I tend to come here in the wee hours, being a night owl and deciding to stop working about 2 or 3 a.m. and am always on the prowl for a restaurant that serves breakfast at this time.  The Pantry is right up there on top of my list.  I always get breakfast which is my favorite meal, but here you can get just about anything....from eggs and pancakes to steak and shrimp and everything in between.  Check out the menu, it's all yummy.   I got a bagel with cream cheese and steel cut oatmeal with a price tag of $14.  I could not eat it all, just so much food.  In times past, I have had the Chef's Omelet which I could eat at 3 separate sittings, just so much food...such an awesome place!!!笑
This is the place to eat in Vegas that's great and not going to cost you an arm and a leg. I ate lunch (no wait) and returned the next day for breakfast (20min wait).笑
Great spot for breakfast in the Mirage hotel.  We had to wait a few minutes to get a table on a Friday morning around 11am, but it was worth the wait.  The staff was friendly, we had great service and the food was delicious.

It's a little pricey (but hey, it's Vegas) but I felt it was worth it.  I was eating healthy so I had an egg white omelette filled with veggies, a piece of toast and a bowl of fresh fruit.  My girlfriends had pancakes and waffles, all which were amazing.

They have a little bit of everything for everyone, and I especially liked the fresh jelly at the table for my toast.

The restaurant itself is large, but the décor is cute and quaint giving it a more intimate feeling.  I would recommend Pantry to anyone looking for a yummy sit down breakfast/brunch.笑
Loved the truffle mac n cheese! Sublime steak! Awesome service! Cool plating!
Great decor! We had a great time!笑
Horrible Food and Service.  Ordered Wings and Waffle Fries.  Have had better wings from Pizza Hut.  Undercooked, cold and nasty all the way around.笑
If the prices were more fair this would be 5 stars. Its about 2 to 3 dollars over priced. Corned beef hash was $18 and the breakfast sandwich was $16. Coffee is $5 and a side of regular size pancakes (2 of them) were  $7. Portions were large and the ingredients used seemed to be fresh and well thought out. Pancakes were fluffy and tasty. Corned beef hash was absolutely amazing-no skimping on the meat here! The egg and grain mustard really pulled it together. My husband had the breakfast sandwich which was a great portion and had a wonderful truffle mushroom mixture that made the sandwich extremely unique and delicious. The decor of this 24 hour restaurant is light, airy and just beautiful. The fixtures are industrial chic and interesting. I really enjoyed my experience here and even though I find it to be a bit overpriced, I would surely come back. Great food, great music, great servers.笑
Our group walked by the Pantry numerous times coming to and from our hotel room elevators. Every time though the line was way too long for us to wait so we usually opted for something easier. It wasn't until after a REAL late night after the club (3amish) that we saw no line! 

Not entirely hungry for a huge meal our group was looking to satisfy a sweet tooth. Surprising the dessert options were very very good! Our group decided to share mason jars, apple pie, and sundae. All three desserts hit the spot! Maybe it was the late night munchies or maybe it was the warm apple pie (wink wink) but our decision to stop by the pantry was a good one.

So if you're staying at the Mirage and are looking for a good food option stop by the Pantry. After trying it I can understand why the lines were as long as they were. In comparison to the Mirage's buffet, I'd take the Pantry any day!笑
Went here twice for breakfast while my husband and I stayed at the Mirage.  The 5 stars are for the incredibly delicious breakfast.  Special shout out to the specialty "Almond Joy" pancakes - to die for!!! Best pancakes I've ever had in my 33 years of life.  Service was good.  Only compliant is the line to get in.  It would be nice if you could make a reservation, so you didn't have to wait in a long line on weekend mornings.笑
The food is good specially the breakfast they prepare it really fast and the price is fair, I removed 1 star for 2 reasons 
1- I ordered clam chawder as an appetizer yesterday during dinner time they charge 10$ for that and you get maybe around 10 spoons of clam chowder!
2- The entrée was fish and chips which the fish did not have any taste
But the breakfast menu was really delicious I tried chicken and waffles which was good.笑
Chicken sandwich was tasty. Chicken and waffle was superb. Waitress was polite. Price was moderate.笑
If you like hanging out for an hour plus without getting your order and horrendous customer service from management, this place is right up your alley. Servers are nice, but the management is absolutely horrible. Waited for our pancakes at the bar going on an hour and the management wouldn't do anything more but offer us a free coffee. Mind you, the food hadn't even come yet and that was the comp they offered. Meanwhile, the people next to us at the bar who sat down over 20 minutes after us got their food and were almost finished by the time we decided to finally leave.笑
pancake taste good，services like you are invisible. The guy took our order seems like a little bit lack of patient, maybe he is too tired. Coz there is no smile on his face.笑
Yum yum yum! One of the best things you can have on the menu, at any hour of the day!!!!!!!'n笑
The menu and everyone else's meals look really really good.  So I stopped and ordered the wrong thing: Garden Burger.  Basically cat food patty that looks like real meat if you're into that sort of thing.  The fries looked yum, but were totally Luke warm.  So maybe try the breakfast.  Just not the Veggie Burger!!!!  Also, the waiter and bartender were very very nice and didn't charge me for it, and offered to bring me something else.  So 3 stars for the service... And attempt.  Also, the atmosphere was legit.笑
The price is right!!! And the food taste really good. I recommend the fish and chips.笑
The potato smash, oh, Tetas smashed. So delicious! Had a chance to grab a bite here while in Vegas. Bar seating makes for quick and easy service. The staff is fantastic and the portions are huge. I mean huge! I got the breakfast sandwich and I probably would not get that again. A little too big, a little too greasy, and a little too rich. The lady next to me had French toast with berries and she seemed very pleased. It was definitely a pretty dish. The hot chocolate is a must. They don't skimp on whipped cream!笑
Ate here last night. Was good. Some growing pains as they just opened up. Mahi tacos were very good. Ate there tonight and was very disappointed.  The short rib hash was not hash.  It was stew. As stew it is pretty good. As hash it sucks!笑
We stay at the mirage at least 5 times. Samba a Brazilian restaurant in there is amazing! But the new  Pantry is hands down my fav. Their Breakfast food is the best. They are super busy early am so I'd recommend afternoon time. Janel is the best server there!笑
The Pantry is located inside The Mirage Hotel and Casino. If you looking for a place that has amazing food, then the pantry is a must. The pantry is open 24 hours a day. What stands out about the pantry is the outstanding customer service. The minute you arrive to hostess stand you are greeted with a smile and warm welcome.

After being seated your drink ordered is taking. No more then 2 minutes after the server comes over and ask if you have any questions about the menu. If you are a breakfast lover you in are for a real treat.

I highly recommend the French Toast that was the best I had in a longtime. Also you have several pancakes choices that are a must. If you are craving simple breakfast you have some excellent omelettes to select from.

For the soup lovers the clamp chowder is a must. If you are craving a burger you will enjoy every bite.  The Cesar Salad was excellent. Also the flat bread pizza was excellent.

Leave room for desert as you have some amazing cakes.

You have bar seating or dinning room seating. The pantry has a full bar menu. From the minute you arrive to the minute you leave you will have excellent service.笑
It's food is fabulous! Our server Maria, was the best ever! She remembered us from one day to the next and was very attentive! The skinny egg white omelette was delicious and the chocolate pancakes are to die for!笑
Came here while my Dad was visiting with my husband. It was a good little place for us all to grab something easy with a lot of good choices. They had a good happy hour for drinks and food. I ordered the buy one get one free bloody Mary. It had Bacon in it...can't beat that. Not too spicy either. I could one finish one the hubby, Adrian, finished the 2nd one. 

I ordered the fish tacos. They give you three but not too big so was a good serving size for one person. The price range was good. 

The atmosphere was cute like an old style diner in the country. Clean. And get to people watch if ya sit by their "windows". Which they are not real windows. Our waitress was perfect with her friendliness and warmth in making us feel like we were at home.笑
I came here around 2-3am after a night of gambling. The wait was a little long, but I did order a steak. The steak and fries were absolutely amazing and perfectly made. I enjoyed my meal so much that I decided to come back again for breakfast....that was a mistake. It was so crowded that I wait 35-40 minutes for my meal. Absolutely disappointing. 

The eggs felt a little rough and wasn't so good.笑
Having been in Vegas for 4 days now, this place was the best meal we've had.... and the best for the money by far! We were here on a Sunday for lunch, sat at the bar and enjoyed great service and a fantastic take on traditional favorites.  From the pretzel and beer cheese fondue, to the truffle mac and cheese side... everything was awesome.  Highly recommend the Pantry!笑
Stephen, our waiter at the bar, made our experience very enjoyable. The restaurant was indeed packed for breakfast with a couple open spots at the bar..... It was a wise decision to take those seats! 
The service and food were exceptional. 
Thank you Stephen for your great service.
We will return again!笑
Decided to try it again because we enjoyed first time.  This time service was a bit slower.  Mirage now gives 1 hour free for parking and then charges.  Thus, the appeal to come to Mirage considering all the great places around is gone.  Prefer Wynn.  Free parking too.  However, back to food: friend ordered the fried chicken which he said was excellent.   I tried some and it was delicious.   I had mahi mahi tacos which were done very well.  Fish was not dry and very tasty.  However when you add the parking for a few hours, I can think of other places to eat at.   Food is great but not cheap and when you add the parking, well, you can get better for that price.   Nonetheless, judging food and service only, give it 5 stars.笑
Janel was immediately friendly and  attentive and the service was on point the entire meal; we enjoyed her company; she was willing to give us suggestions for places to go and took care of us like we were guests in her own home. The most important part was that she acknowledged our friend's birthday and delivered her dessert without us having to ask!笑
Janel was absolutely amazing!!! Great service, smiles, and personality! such a sweetheart!!! I would come back just for her!笑
When in Vegas roll the dice, is what I am saying.  This place was great, nice surroundings,SMOKE FREE.  We tried a few things, the pretzel with cheese dip fondue, really really good.  The cheese burgers very very good all around taste.  I sample just the meat to get a good feel of the burger, great tasting meat.  The fish and chips was solid too.  Very good place just before our show at the Mirage.笑
Simply the best breakfast place ever! We literally can't wait to eat at the Pantry anytime we come to Vegas. Everything is just perfectly delicious. Try the steak and eggs. The pancakes are to die for as well and I am not a pancake person. You can even order. Drinks as they have a full bar. Surprisingly they also serve traditional American food and are open 24 hours.笑
Janel at the Pantry24 is awesome. If you are wanting a good bite to eat with a great server stop by Mirage.笑
We are staying at the Mirage and decided to give the Pantry a try since they look busy all the time. The food was good but a little pricy. I loved the chocolate milk pancakes. Yummy! My husband ordered toast with his breakfast and they forgot to bring it with his food. He finally received his toast after we were both finished and had waited 15 minutes for our check. I would give a better review if we didn't have to waste so much time waiting for toast, check and then again to pay.笑
ate there 2 times last week.  Decent sandwiches, excellent tomato soup, and pretty fair overall. One server we had was very good.  Her name is Janel and waited on 10 slightly drunk guys for dinner, and she did great with a smile on her face.  Late at night the service is lacking, but hey we could eat.  Don't get the flatbread pizza... not good at all, but It is a really nice place.笑
Returned a second time as in the area and food was just as good.

Biscuits with side of salty tasty ham and homemade jam.  Husband has chicken and waffles and we split his smashed potatoes.  Chicken was tender and flavorful (husband could use tiny bit more spice) and waffle was really good, light, sweet and good crust.  

Smashed potatoes were really good and will need to just get basic breakfast with eggs and meat next time so can really enjoy those smashed.

Again, service is slow at times. Took forever to get drink refill.笑
Nothing like a restaurant that says they have maple syrup and can't tell the difference between that and pancake syrup...$55 for a crappy breakfast. Lame.笑
Great service and their omelette was very good. I like the atmosphere, cool setting. I really enjoyed a late night visit here.笑
Horrible experience. H-O-R-R-I-B-L-E. My sister and I came here the first night of our stay to grab a bite before going to bed. We were seated and the busperson came to collect our drink orders -- a water and a club soda. The water comes along with the menus then the waitress comes almost immediately to collect our orders. Of course we aren't ready because we just received menus so ask for a couple of minutes. Then we wait. And wait. The club soda comes (it only took 15 minutes to make). Then we wait. And wait. I flag down the waitress from across the restaurant. She motions that she's coming in a minute. Mind you, the restaurant is only 1/3 full and most of the tables already had food when we arrived. Furthermore, the waitress only had 3 other tables aside from ours, of which 2 had already eaten. But she was frazzled so couldn't take our order. And every other employee disappeared from the floor so we couldn't even ask someone else about our waitress's whereabouts. So we wait. And wait. And wait. Finally the busperson comes out so we ask her to please find our waitress so we can order. She says, "Ok," but then keeps clearing tables. So we wait. And wait. And wait. The busperson sees we are irritable so eventually goes to the waitress to let her know we're waiting. At this point, it has been 10-15 minutes since we asked the busperson to get the waitress and about 45 minutes total since we've been waiting. (As an aside, if it had not been 12:30am and other places were open, we never would have waited that long to begin.) So she comes and we order the 'Wings 2 Ways' and regular fries. That's it. Just wings and fries. Then someone walks in and flags her down and she starts taking his order at the door before he's ever seated by the hostess. Five minutes pass before she goes to put in the order. After another 15 minutes the FOH manager brings out the wings and asks if we need "more plates". Sir, we never received plates to begin with. So he tells the waitress and she drops them on our table without a word and hurries away. Okay. So we don't have the fries but maybe they're coming. So we wait. And wait. And wait some more. We ask the busperson to get the manager. She says okay then goes to clean tables. After about 7 minutes our waitress comes out the back and the busperson tells us we want a manager. So the waitress comes to ask if we need anything else -- yes, a manager (and the fries you never brought but that's a dead issue at this point). She says, "Ok,"...but then walks off to start checking her tables on the computer. Then she starts talking to another customer...then she starts talking to coworkers. So my sister gets up to go ask the bartender if he can get a manager. He says okay then turns back to cleaning. We ended up having to wait for the manager to come out to talk to someone else before we could flag him down to make a complaint. He gave us the meal on the house which was fine because the wings were nasty (the chipotle lime tasted like ketchup and the dry spiced tasted like Lay's bbq chips) and the fries that they eventually brought out in a to-go container were old and had obviously been sitting somewhere for awhile. She came to apologize and said there was a glitch in the computer that didn't send the fry order to the kitchen. I don't know whether that's true nor do I care. The service throughout the restaurant was some of the worst I've ever encountered. I can't speak for the whole menu but what I ordered was not at all tasty. But the decor was nice and it was clean so I'll give them one star for that. Don't come here unless you are too drunk to care about receiving quality service and decent food.笑
Great place, great food, great service! Recommended server: Janel
You won't regret it!笑
We almost didn't here as a result of mixed reviews on Yelp. So glad we stopped anyway.... Our meal was outstanding. We both had the egg white omelet (which must have been cooked with at least six eggs) that was completely loaded with our choice of three ingredients. We both went with spinach, mushrooms and feta.
Smash Browns were better than most hash browns I've ever had, and the Texas style toast was served with delicious homemade jellies---apricot and strawberry. Please consider a stop to The Pantry...we'll likely return before we head back to PA in a few days!笑
We had a great breakfast here with friends on a Saturday morning. We waited about 15 minutes for a table for 4, which I felt wasn't so bad. We really liked the decor and the vibe here. We loved how servers actually used the pantry in the back. We thought that little things such as the little milk jugs for creamers were a nice touch. The food itself was awesome. I got the cheddar biscuits with gravy and smashed potatoes, it was perfect and I'll for sure order that again. 
Although pricey, its standard Vegas brunch prices and not totally unreasonable. We're looking forward to going back next time we're there!笑
Awesomely pleased the whole group. The fruit salad was fresh. The Turkey bacon was the best evah! The blueberry pancakes were plentiful, but too Delish for leftovers. The American breakfast was a solid 8 out of 10. The French Toast disappeared faster than all the other orders. Oh, and the coffee and tea called for refills, which was easy with the carafes at the table. Why walk elsewhere when you can get all this here?笑
Not worth the wait..walk a little further to the coffee shop! We didn't wait too long, 15 minutes which wasn't unusual, however our dining experience was a different story. First they give me a teapot which turned out to be just hot water, which I thought it happens people often forget the tea bag. We waited about 30 minutes for our food to come out, oh wait I mean for my dish and my sons. My husbands dish actually didn't make it to our table until 15 minutes later.  They have fruit loops on the menu but the waitress didn't tell us that they were out we found out when the server brought a different type of cereal, we of course sent it back for something our son would eat. Maybe I'm being difficult but I thought when a restaurant runs out of something they 1) notify the customer and 2) tells them what the options are?! The worst part was that my son and and got our food and my husbands dish never appeared, we had to ask the hostess to get the manager, since our waitress was no where to be found, and the manager, who was apologetic (reason for 2 stars) went to the kitchen and brought his dish, keep in mind the dish made it to our table when me and my son were both done with our food, and those of you who have been around a five year old know how restless kids get. Needless to say we will never be back.笑
If not for the high prices, to be expected in Vegas. This place was a joy, and my southern roots were thankful for some hot food that wasn't mysterious, but soulful and delicious.笑
Wanted a light supper and discovered this location on the area listings. So pretty inside...our server was very good And every professional. We decided on breakfast. The coffee was so good and served in a huge cup. The cream was served In a tiny little milk jug thingy and I thought it was cute. LOL
Hubby had regular pancakes although the specialties looked marvelous. I had the waffle and it was literally the best waffle I have ever tasted. It had strong vanilla undertones and so fluffy and crispy on the outside.  It also had fresh fruit on top. The syrup was good. We both walked away happy and full because the portions were huge.
Great food, great service and great ambience...5 stars all the way!
Also...Apparently they serve breakfast 24/7 and the menu looks like everything might just be as  amazing! There is also a bar.笑
Good little place. Always good to have the option for breakfast 24/7. The prices are good for what you get in Vegas. The portions are right and food is pretty good. I did get the turkey bacon... and it was bad, but I should have known better.笑
The food was good but the service was awful. We had 3 waiters  abandon our table. Finally, we ask for the check and our third waiter says okay then starts setting up tables. Finally, a fourth waiter comes in for the play to ask if we want the check. Wtf?! Seriously. Awful.笑
My expectations were not high, based on the other Yelp reviews, but the Pantry is the only decent breakfast option in the Mirage, and I was meeting colleagues before heading to the Solar Power International conference at the LVCC.

Service is mixed - very friendly and efficient from ordering to delivering the food, but then seemed to disappear once we were ready for the check. Be prepared to wait in line during peak hours.

I liked that the menu listed the items that could be made gluten free or vegetarian - it made for easier ordering and less chance of cross-contamination. I opted for the garden vegetable hash, which comes with nut-free basil pesto and poached eggs (no smash browns or toast) and a plethora of veggies. Portions are on the large side, so you won't leave hungry. The food was fairly tasty, but my poached eggs were overcooked, almost hard-boiled. Since we were short on time, I didn't bother to send it back, but I did miss the way the yolk should have run into the hash.

Coffee was excellent, and so was the fresh-squeezed orange juice.笑
Ordered room service breakfast as a hotel guest.  Arrived luke warm with cold eggs.  Although I got what I ordered, it wasn't worth the time or effort to make it.  The english muffin wasn't an english muffin.  It looked and weighed more like a hockey puck. They only provide coffee in a half gallon box, so that was $15 wasted just for a single cup.  For $38 plus tip, I should have gone to the buffet in my pajamas ....twice.  There was a time when hotels cared about quality, particularly in this town.  I guess now its only about profit.笑
Always great service at Pantry. The Pretzel with beer cheese fondue appetizer is amazing. Every entrée and dessert I have tried is incredible. 
Casual atmosphere is very comfortable too.笑
Okay food, nothing to write home about. I ordered poached eggs which were definitely not poached. I didn't really know what to expect for breakfast. But dinner was way better. Salad had a generous amount of feta cheese and great balsamic dressing and their waffle fries with the bacon bits and sour cream were delicious heart attacks! Great for AFTER a round of drinking!笑
Ok during breakfast hours but any other time the food is terrible and the service takes forever. Just my experience while on vacation. 
We travel to vegas annually and love the food but this place should not be the mirage.笑
Janel was the best server! At her suggestion, I had the ribeye steak special. It was the best steak I've had in a very long time. My husband had the fish n chips and it didn't disappoint either. 
We loved Janel and her happy smile so much, we came back to see her for chocolate cake and ice cream after our show. 

We had 2 breakfasts, an early dinner and dessert at the Pantry. Everything was fantastic! It's not the cheapest meal in Vegas but you won't be sorry. 

If you can, ask for Janel. She's the happy one with the flowers in her hair. You'll get the best service and great food recommendations. Listen to her. She knows her stuff!!!笑
We found a new favorite place on the strip. The Pantry looks like the kitchen we all wish we had. Such a welcoming place with the friendliest staff and the most delicious food. Their maple syrup was phenomenal. It's the real deal!笑
WHITE CHOCOLATE BRIOCHE FRENCH TOAST .
nothing else matters , it belongs in your mouth 
so put it there already . do it .笑
We were staying at the Mirage and kept walking by The Pantry every time we went to the elevators, so we thought we would try it one morning. At 10:30, there was a bit of a wait for 4, but couples were being seated fairly quickly. 

I got the chocolate pancakes, my sister the regular buttermilk pancakes, and my parents the brioche white chocolate French toast. WARNING: the regular serving of pancakes are three HUGE pancakes. No normal human can finish them. We ordered the little griddle sized pancakes, which were the perfect size: just big enough to leave us full but not overstuffed before a busy day in Vegas. That being said these pancakes were DELICIOUS MELT IN YOUR MOUTH GOOD. The French toast was also tasty, and presented beautifully. 

The decor was adorable, with mason jars as glasses and cute little syrup pourers. The food took awhile to come out though, and the we had to flag down our waiter to get refills on our waters. Overall a lovely breakfast and I would definitely return for more pancakes!笑
Homey place-- the food was great and our waitress Janel was a sweetheart.笑
First off, 5 stars (and even more if I could) for Janel. She was one of the best waitresses I have ever had in my life. She was very nice, courteous, professional and very responsive to all our requests.  

The food, however, was not up to par. I was really looking forward to waffle lit fries but they were very stale and hard.  The salmon dish was overall okay but the salmon itself was a very small piece, something that was surprising.  

I'll try this place out another time before I give up on it but I hope the food quality improves by then. 

Once again, thank you to Janel for her excellent service.笑
Had breakfast there today and it was fabulous!  Not only the food but the service and atmosphere as well. Sat at the counter and honestly had two of the finest wait staff ever! Will definitely go back.笑
This place blows! We were seated right away and a server did not come to our table for 20 minutes. It wasn't busy at all. Paid $16 for a breakfast sandwich meal. I mean dang I know you pay higher prices in the casinos, but that's ridiculous. The egg was artificial and the sandwich was gross. The hashbrowns were good. Save your money!笑
This is my Vegas breakfast spot- morning, noon, and night - and 4am as well. No matter when I eat here it is always consistent. Love the healthy options and it has everything I need to recover from a night 1 in Vegas and get ready for Night 2. A plate of berries, omelette, water, and green tea is just what the doctor ordered. Pantry does the basics right and it never feels like I'm breaking the bank to get them.笑
Yummy food, good service, fun atmosphere! Great breakfast spot! Coffee was 5$ for black coffee which is ridiculous but still giving 5 stars for food. It's spendy, yes, but it's VEGAS! Anywhere you go it's going to cost money. So good food is worth it. Also tried the pantry through room service in the mirage and it was great. Pizza was awesome! And the carrot cake was excellent!笑
Stopped here for a bite to eat before our show started(Beatles:Love). This place has some of the best cheese fries I've ever had. Also, it was happy hour and they had some pretty good deals for that. The flatbread pizza was great. Also our server was awesome, we gave our compliments to the Manager and left for our show. I would definitely come back.笑
We visited this location twice on one trip for breakfast and a late night appetizers. I had previously tasted their loaded fries so I went back for a 2nd round. They are delicious and the Jalapeño hot sauce is absolutely delicious but isn't sold there. Trust me, I would buy a bottle every time I visit. We did order the loaded fries with all the fixings on the side, my boyfriend is a picky eater. We also tried the pancakes for the first time, let me just say they were perfect. Subtly sweet. My only complaint is that the service is slllloooowwwww. So if you are starving, be prepared for a long wait for your food笑
Came here on a Sunday evening for dinner. Ordered some mediocre steak-cut french fries and then got the shrimp penne. Our waitress gushed about how amazing the shrimp penne was and encouraged me to get it. When it arrived, the display was great but the flavor was lacking. The cream sauce was too thick and it wasnt all that hot. The shrimp was overcooked and tough and I ended up not even eating all five shrimp on the dish. For dessert we got the apple pie with vanilla ice cream - now THAT was good stuff! Absolutely delicious! 

Decor is nice - it feels like you are in an offshoot of Martha Stewart's kitchen or something, and I mean that in a good way! Very crisp and clean in appearence. The booths are a little weird - the tables are too high fkr the booth seats so I felt like I could barely reach my food and my 6 foot something friend felt the same!笑
The food is very good for a decent price in Vegas. I had the omelette and the jam was real fresh. The service, or servers were very friendly and made the meal that much better. If I ever stay at the mirage again, I will definitely eat here again. Good place to eat.笑
Was pretty decent food, line was long but it went fast. To much food for me. Wife had a parfait breakfast & had sausage, eggs & toast. Taters are kinda like hash. Coffee was kinda burnt. Place is clean. Our booth had a USB power plug along the wall. 2 breakfast came to about $45. I end up point at my coffee (Rez joke).笑
We are staying at the Mirage and decided to have a quick breakfast here before heading to the pool.

Got there around 8:30 and no wait.  

We ordered the white chocolate fresh toast and eggs, bacon and toast.

The food is pretty descent.  Coffee is good...wish it would be a little more hot.  

Service was ok. Will be back to try their lunch!笑
This is probably the best breakfast place I've ever been to. Their white chocolate brioche french toast, pancakes, turkey bacon, and smashbrowns are probably the best in town. They also have mint tea that came in a little pot, which I thoroughly enjoyed.笑
Unfortunately, I was disappointed with Mirage's 24 hour restaurant! 

The ambiance is really nice, looks like a trendy country kitchen, it's very comfortable and a nice place to have breakfast, lunch, and dinner. Also, each booth is equipped with two usb outlets and two electrical outlets. 

However, the service and food does not compare with the great ambiance. The staff is inattentive and most of the time food came out cold. It always seemed like the restaurant was understaffed. 

*Do not get the steak and eggs. I asked for medium well and it came out well done and crispy. Also, you do not get a full steak. You get steak bites. Small steak bites笑
I don't typically eat out for breakfast because I don't like heavy big breakfasts...well this place was perfect! My friend and I had zero wait because we were willing to sit at the bar. We got amazing service sitting there. I had an egg white omelet with their smashed hash browns with apricot jam on my toast. Delightful! I appreciated the healthy options on the menu. Also ordered a latte (no flavors here) and was pleasantly surprised how much I enjoyed this creamy goodness without a flavor that I would typically get at a Starbucks. I was full for five hours (I usually eat every 2-3 hours). My friend loved her meal too. Would definitely go here again as it is so convenient when staying at the Mirage.笑
I enjoyed the chocolate pancakes and shared this and the egg white omelette with my companion. The coffee is $5 and good. One of the pieces of toast was slightly burnt. Chocolate chip in the pancake and chocolate dollops on top(good quality). Jam and maple syrup were both good.
There is a large line if you arrive Sunday late morning. They have a VIP line which is only for upper mlife tiers and they ask you to produce a card or they check with the desk. 
Nice atmosphere.笑
Stopped here for a quick bite on our way out and we were seated quickly. The waiter was very attentive to our needs even though we only ordered water and a couple appetizers. The loaded waffle fries are the bomb!!  And my wife enjoyed the pretzel she got. Will definitely eat here while in Vegas.笑
Tasty food (grilled shrimp penne, Mahi Mahi Tacos, & meatball sub)! It was so yummy! & our waitress, Janel, was the best!笑
Not very good. You'll be full but not satisfied. Tried both breakfast and dinner. Ordered the clam chowder once and it came out cold. Got the wings, half of them hot, half cold... 

Ordered room service last night - I got the breakfast sandwich with the "hash brown potatoes" the potatoes were bland, and so was the sandwich - not nearly as good as the description. 

We also got the fried chicken - it was dry. 

Needless to say, I decided we will NEVER eat there again. So sad I cannot even get good room service food! What's the point of being open 24hrs if it's not even good food! :/ 

So disappointing. When I'm in Vegas I expect to have a good meal. So sad!笑
Our family has eaten here a few times because the food is amazing. Sadly the service is the worst we have ever experienced. Alex was our server tonight, not only did we wait 30min for our order to be taken but our food was not correct when it arrived at the table. No one checked back to see if our table was ok so we had to flag people down. We had to flag someone down for the check and were charged incorrectly for food we did not order. Alex said he would adjust it.. He returned with a check that had not been corrected after telling us it was. As we sat there waiting to sign the check other tables were complaining loudly about the service as well... 
If you decide to try it the Pantry, expect to spend at least 3 hours on a slow night and double check your bill...
Our family of locals will not return笑
Absolutely the best food we had during our stay at the Mirage.  Breakfast is awesome.  The pancakes are superior.  Definitely try the strawberry jam.  I wish they sold it ... excellent.  The staff is welcoming and friendly.  The food is hot when expected and cold when required.  The potato smash (country fried potatoes) are some of the best I've ever had and I'm from Texas.  It's definitely a place to try if you stay at the Mirage but I'd make a trip over here if I stayed somewhere else.  Perfect.笑
So good! It's a very southern vibe. The place is super cute. The food is delicious. They have amazing breakfast.  Best pancakes I've had in my lifetime.笑
Pleasantly surprised. Usually, casino cafes are horrible. No beer on tap, just bottles, but good (small) selection. We had a brisket sandwich and shrimp penne in cream sauce. Both excellent in the flavor department and good portion size. Nice bartenders.笑
Stayed at the Mirage and ate breakfast here twice. The food and service are really good! I got the Eggs Benedict and it was very fresh. It's a little pricy but it's Vegas! Great place to eat some breakfast after gambling.笑
Got food poisoning from this place on 4/12/15. Beware the kale salad! 

Also, I didn't appreciate the waitress telling me, "You didn't have food poisoning. I know--I've had food poisoning before. Maybe you got the flu."笑
I think this was a nice choice for a breakfast place. The decor is light and cheery, and the food was decent. Our eggs were cooked as ordered. The french toast was good, although a bit dry and lacking in white chocolate.  We were satisfied with the meal.笑
Omelette was dry and eggs on my benedict were undercooked. Service wasn't good either.笑
Janel, "the girl with the flower in her hair" is up there among THE BEST service I have every had. I've said this in other reviews; I managed restaurants for ten years and she takes pride in what she is doing and does it all with a smile. She also provided sincere recommendations when it came to entree selections. Loved it, hope to be back. Thanks Janel!  PS - for the record there was a group of six of us that went there at about 1:00 AM on Sunday, November 23rd, 2014笑
Granted this was after the club let out, but we were one of 5 only tables at the restaurant and the service was excruciatingly slow. Again, this could have been a mirage (ha-see what I did there?) because we were so tired. If you look at their sandwich boards, they have a late night happy hour, I believe it's 12 am - 3 am (call or stop by and ask!).

It's $5 appetizers and $5 cocktails/well drinks. We ordered the dry rub and BBQ chicken wings. Not wanting to be out in the public any longer, we asked if we could get it to go. All in all everything took about 30 min. The wings were really good, and actually a good deal considering there were about 6 wings in each order for $5. The meat was moist and skin was crispy. I didn't think I'd care for the dry rub, but it's got a sweet, hickory, smokey taste that is really well put together.

The staff are courteous, it's a very cute setup with mason jars used as water glasses, and a very country, relaxed vibe.

On another night, we decided to get a burger, this was around 1 am. This time we called ahead and was told that it would be ready in 15 min. When we arrived to pick up our order at the bar as instructed, there was no bartender and no staff. We flagged down a server who appeared to just be standing around and let them know we were picking up a call ahead order. Instead of hunting down a bartender/server, he just told us to wait by the bar and someone should be able to help us and continued to stand in place.

The Backyard Burger ($17) was solid, not phenomenal. Just a burger on a potato bun, with lettuce, tomato, BBQ sauce, and onions. We ordered it with fries and to our dismay when we went to our room, they included two ketchup packets. So we had to head back down for more.

We also asked them to charge it to our room on the phone and were asked to produce a credit card upon pick-up.

I believe this operation is new, maybe opened around September 2014, so it could explain the scatterbrained service. It's a nice option to have being that's it's open 24 hours.笑
I'm walking through the hotel and I had to start planning out my meals. As much as I'd love to go out and enjoy a Michelin Star restaurant, I frankly didn't have the luxury of time this time while attending the medical conference. Luckily, the Mirage was chockers full of places to eat that were quick but good. I think one place that people pass over without thinking about it much is the Pantry. This is the hotel's restaurant and the one that then goes on to give you room service. They are open 24 hours and breakfast is available all day. That's right I said it. All day breakfast people.

Generally there isn't much of a wait. In fact, if you want to sit at the bar, there is no wait at all and you have access to the full menu. Being on one of my low carb diets it was challenging to say the least not because there was no protein but because of how amazing the carbs were on the menu! But I managed with a chicken fried steak (awesome by the way and delicious... but skipped the potatoes) and chicken wings. What a combo but the chicken wings are awesome (but so are the ones across the way at the Still.

I also had one meal there where I had the Caesar salad with chicken. Chicken was dry so I would go with shrimp the next time. Service was quick and fantastic. They were all so friendly and really let you do your thing rather than try to chime in on personal conversations (it's the worst sometimes!).

So if you're looking for a place to chill and it's 3 AM, you're in luck. The Pantry is the place to be.笑
My husband and I always eat here when we stay at the Mirage. The food is consistently good, and is awesome for breakfast. They have homemade jam on the table, which is outstanding. It is best you get there first thing in the morning, because they do form a line quickly. I typically get the All American breakfast or the oatmeal. You cannot go wrong with any of their breakfast food.笑
Food was great but service was horrible. The server was not friendly and very pushy. She started asking to take our plates about 15 minutes after we got our food. She laid the ticket down and immediately asked for payment! Would not go back because of service.笑
Fast convenient and mostly above average food. Strong coffee too! I had the Country Fried Steak and Eggs. Small steak but overall good. Second time I had the Eggs Benedict. It was cold, so I sent it back and got a hot version. It was really good once I got the hot version. Service was笑
Great again! I haven't had a bad meal here yet. Always great service. I try to skip breakfast hours since the place gets mobbed. This evening I had the pleasure of being served by a wonderful woman with the name Janel. Very close to my own namesake so I knew I'd have another great experience. She was fun. She was knowledgeable. She was quick. She's keeping the good vibes at the Pantry. I hope this place stays around in the Mirage for a long time.笑
We ate here 4 times on our 3 day trip and each time the food was delicious. Breakfast was really great with very tasty coffee to go along with the food. Service can be a little but slow but we were on Vegas time and was never unreasonable. Everyone from the hostess to the servers to the manager were very friendly.笑
Good place and affordable for Vegas!!! I always come back to this place! Drinks, food, service, EVERYTHING IS GOOD!!笑
Great food! Neat atmosphere. Generous portions. The potato smash is great and so were the cream cheese pumpkin pancakes (a special at the time). There's definitely a good chance I'll go back the next time in vegas. Certainly a great way to fill up before hitting the town!笑
Heads up the hostess here is well not a hostess no better way to say it ! So slow we ended up just walking in and seating ourselves! I got the fried chicken it was great!! I would have given a higher rating but that hostess was just bad!!!!!!!!!!!!!笑
4 stars for food, but not good service if they're busy. We actually just paid for our coffee and left. They did their best to sit everyone in line, but apparently the cooks couldn't keep up and our older waitress gave total attitude when we said we just wanted to pay for our coffee and leave. We had seen people who came before us still waiting for their food, and they're waitress told them it was a 25 minute wait for food. Wish they would have told us....plus we waited over 10 minutes for a waitress to even take our order. The worst was the attitude we got when we said we needed to go. We'd eaten there twice this weekend but this last trip makes us not want to return. Now here we sit at Starbucks... At TI....eating our delicious plastic bag pastry before our "25 minute wait time" would have been up.笑
The food here is decent and alone would earn Pantry three stars in my book. But the service is so remarkably bad that I can barely justify a one-star review. 

Before I even sat down, my waiter tried to get me to pay $5 for water.  ("It's in a big bottle you can pour for yourself!") I declined. "So what do you want to drink?" I still had not sat down, let alone had an opportunity to review the menu. 

I ordered steak and eggs from one of the three or four waiters buzzing around. I still have no idea who, if anyone, was my actual waiter. It took awhile to get the dish out, but unlike my waiters, I was in no hurry to get myself out of the restaurant. Again, the food is decent--and decently priced by Vegas standards, too. 

I probably wouldn't have had a chance to try it if my wife didn't stop a waiter from clearing my plate while I got up for less than a minute. I had to tell waiters three times that I did not want my plate taken off the table. I would have gladly taken a refill of my not-five-dollar-self-serve water, but none of the wait staff seemed to notice or care about that. 

The final straw, however, was the fourth plate-grab. A waiter interrupted me in the middle of a sentence, grabbed my plate, and asked if he could take it. The plate was still 75 percent full, and I had my fork in the air prepared to take a bite at the time. From start to finish, we were in Pantry for 40 minutes--about twenty five of which were spent waiting for our meal. If the sole goal of Pantry is to get customers out the door, they succeeded wildly. So successful that I will never walk IN their door again, either.笑
Fast service, friendly staff! The Breakfast sandwich hit the spot. Delicious. Thank you笑
Clam chowder had too much bacon. Chicken with carrots and potatoes mash. The carrot mash was only thing with any flavor. Chicken had no flavor and tasted like flour. I had the brisket sandwich. If it wasn't for the cheese that was crispy around the edge with a bit of crisp on the bread, again it would have not had any flavor, meat was very dry. Best thing on the plate was the spicy, picked green bean. That was interesting.  Service was nice. Not interested in trying anything else here.笑
This place has some stupid rules. We are staying at The Mirage as I type this. We wanted dessert. I came here. I wanted dessert that had ice cream. I wanted it to-go. Apparently the "chef" refuses to do to-go dessert with ice cream. Really. Get over yourself chef- this place is nothing more then a glorified coffee shop, and I'm pretty sure you are nothing more then a cook.  This place is literally located right outside the elevators that lead up to the hotel rooms. If I order a dessert with some kind of ice cream- I know it will slightly melt during my long 2 minute walk back to my room. How about  investing in some small styrofoam containers- like what an ice cream store would give you for ice cream you wanted to take home.  Or how about treating me like an adult and letting me get whatever I want to-go?笑
It is what it is with this place. We came here after a long night in Vegas. It is hard to judge a place like this in Vegas because Vegas offers so many fantastic and world class dining options. I will say this place is the best late night place I have been to in Vegas. The service was okay- kind of slow and the restaurant wasn't that busy. The food was very very overpriced for it. And it lacked some flavor all around. I had the grilled cheese and tomato soup and it was basic. The bread was too thick for the sandwich but like I said it is what it is. Would I come here again? Maybe.笑
While the food was excellent the service was absolutely horrible. Firstly our server came over got us water, but never returned. The manager came over and took our order. The food took an insane amount of time coming out. No one came by to refill our waters. When we decided to get ready to leave, it took 30 minutes to get our checks. I will not be returning.笑
Great and welcome addition to the Mirage. Just what the resort needed, a real 24 hour dining place, that's not Carnegie Deli. 

Yes, Vegas has become very expensive to dine (reminds me of NYC and South Beach) and this place isn't cheap or over the top. $15 for omelettes ain't bad and their version of hash browns, smash potatoes is so good. Perfectly cooked with nice crust and lots of butter. 

Decorated nicely in all white. Lines seem long but goes by rather quickly. Service was okay too. 

Good place for diner type food. I'll be back.笑
Delicious food, indifferent service.  The French Toast was wonderful.  Convenient breakfast place in the Mirage. The $5 regular coffee was a turnoff (almost down-ticked it to 3 stars)笑
Went here a few nights ago. It wasn't busy, so we walked right in to the bar and were almost to the bar but an employee, the hostess, told us we had to wait in line. It wasnt clear that there was a line so we stood behind two other people.  They seemed kinda annoyed because they were waiting a long time. So the manager told them there weren't enough servers.

Well, when it was our turn to go in, some guy from the casino area just walked up to the hostess and asked if he could sit at the bar. And guess what...she took him right to the bar & sat him down before us even though we had asked to sit at the bar well before!!!! He didn't even have to wait in line!! Wtf!!!?!

So when she sat us down, at the bar mind you, we sat next to him. Karma.

Anyways, so we ordered food and I ordered a Bloody Mary with rum.  Food came out, kinda slow, but still no drink. Whatever's, maybe they were still making it...? As for food... I ordered the Mac n Cheese. It was sour tasting. Not good. I did not enjoy it.  My friend ordered the fried chicken.  It was not cooked thoroughly. The biscuit that was served with it was tasty! 

So I never got my Bloody Mary, our server didn't even apologize for not making it or serving it! Funniest part of the night..the guy who got seated before us, got his food way late!! And he had only ordered a small salad! Ha! That made me laugh.

So, overall I didn't like the place. I think it's kinda new, but for a Vegas restaurant, standards are higher for service and food.  Next time I'm gonna stick with Planet Dailies. Can't go wrong with that place!!笑
Located inside the Mirage Casino this place is amazing! Open 24 hours a day its convenient for any one staying there. It was for me.

My friend and I walked in for brunch. We did not wait long to be seated. I just have to add that I fell in love with the Pantry's decor. It feels as if you walked into someones home.
The service was great, but the food...

Food was yummy. My friend order the soup of the day, which was a sausage potato soup I believe. Let me just say that I regret not ordering this soup for myself. I had a taste of it and wanted to steal it from my friend. It was THAT good. My corn beef hash was yummy. Poached eggs, slow cooked corned beef, potato, grain mustard hollandaise was legit and lets not forget the mimosa. I was a happy camper.

the only dish I was not much of a fan BUT looked delicious to look at was the seared salmon. Roasted young potatoes, vegetables, arugula salad, lemon vinaigrette and the Soup of the day...the lobster bisque I ordered for room service. The salmon was lacking flavor and the poor dab of lemon vinaigrette tasted more like mayo. The potatoes also lacked flavor and they were a bit undercooked. The lobster bisque was lacking the lobster. I've had lobster bisque in the past and i've had pieces of lobster in my soup. Not the case with this soup. It wasn't all to bad but it needed more of the lobster flavor.笑
This is a fairly new, much needed, 24-hour cafe type restaurant in the MIrage Casino.  We loved it.  Bonus:  I am disabled, have trouble walking-- it is very close to the hotel elevators, making it easy for me to get to from our room.

Loved the decor-- BRIGHT, very WHITE, cheerful.  Has a little bit of "country" theme...  homemade jam served in sealed Canning jars (jam was delicious), silverware in crocks on the tables, cream served in mini milk pails; etc.  Nice touches.

Food is a little bit pricey, but we thought good.  We had two breakfasts here and I had a late afternoon "snack" of a bowl of Chicken Tortilla soup.   All good.  Loved the feta-spinach omelet and the smashed browns (instead of hash browns) and my biscuit. Husband had some great pancakes.  And the coffee wasn't too bad either (we're from Seattle and we are picky about our morning drink!!)

There is a Counter as well as tables and booths  We had fairly fast service, and it fit the bill for what we needed in the mornings.  And again-- I just loved the decor.  If you are feeling tired, the bright white should wake you up!

And now that we hate the new ordering system at Carnegie Deli, glad the Pantry was there to eat at instead. *(Carnegie Deli in the Mirage changed to a system of ordering at a window-- hated it!!)笑
Better than expected for a Vegas Strip cafe.  Rely enjoyed the 24 hour breakfast service with the highlight being the blueberry pancakes (they have chocolate too).  We had the steak and eggs and the huevos rancheros and both were good.  Seating service was slow but the food service and speed of food delivery very good.  Close to the elevators and the pool which makes it easy if you're staying at the Mirage.笑
The food was mind blowing! The eggs Benedict was delicious (after sneaking a bite or the whole plate from my partner). The French toast is like eating the most moist chocolate cake! The waitress was so cheerful and sweet (Carole). Definitely worth it!!!笑
Just wanted an American breakfast, with eggs being my main quest. Eggs cooked "medium" with snot runny whites, tasteless under cooked toast slathered in butter, communal jelly without a dedicated utensil turned our collective stomachs. Smashed potatoes were good. I was just looking to fill my stomach, so my bar was low if you just made decent eggs.笑
I loved this place. Good food, drink, and service like a oasis in the sea of $&@ in vegas. :)

Also, this dude was the best bartender. We had a great time!笑
The customer service is impeccable, thanks to Janel! The food is also great! I was a little skeptical since this was a 24 hour restaurant, but they proved me wrong! Must try!笑
5 out of 5 stars by far!!! Janel was the best server ever!! This place has such a nice and homey feeling. The food is so good, I recommend the chicken and waffles or the French toast!!笑
Really enjoyed the Pancakes -  a "Tad" pricey - But, you are paying for that "Vegas Convenience" - What the heck! - Anyways, I really enjoyed the hotel! I'm looking forward to coming back again.笑
We went to The Pantry for lunch yesterday before my wedding. The food was incredible and prompt, but our server Thelma absolutely made the experience. We had been in town for two nights and had horrible service experiences at some more high end restaurants, so finally having great service was entirely welcomed. But the service wasn't just great- it was phenomenal. My husband fell in love with the white chocolate french toast and has made me promise to go back to The Pantry tomorrow morning for breakfast before we head out to go back home. Highly recommend!笑
We came here for a late night bite at around 8:00pm on a Saturday night. We had a comp so, we wanted to try a variety of dishes from the menu and the dessert, but the oven was broken so we could not receive the warm caramel cookie skillet and ice cream dessert.  However, I ordered the chicken and waffle, and it was okay.

Although it wasn't entirely busy, the food seemed like it took awhile to come out.  It was also a little difficult to hear our conversation as the noise from the hotel and the different conversations taking place inside of the restaurant almost drowned out our voices.  However, the one saving part about this place were the televisions they had behind the bar.

Now, if you come here for breakfast, the line is long. Other than this, the restaurant is fun and a nice place to grab a quick meal before heading upstairs to your room.笑
Decor is that of a country chic - something Chip and Joanna Gaines would appreciate. Friendly staff. Seating and Bar area available.笑
We stopped in for convenience and a quick take out dinner.  The place wasn't very busy. We ordered the fish and chips from the take out counter.  It took the servers 10 minutes to get their system figured out so we could charge the meal to our room.  We took it up to our room to eat.  The packaging was deluxe and the food looked good.  The fish however was very rubbery. The batter it was dipped in was bland and the tarter sauce did not help it taste any better.  The batter texture was thick and heavy as well and did not stick to the fish. The potato wedge cut fries were also for the most part tasteless and did not complement the meal. I would not recommend their fish and chips.笑
Stayed at the Mirage for a conference where I walked around all day long...  I was craving some kind of fried chicken and did not feel like walking more than I needed to.  Pantry was the most convenient so I decided to check it out.  I got seated at the bar and the bartender quickly made me feel comfortable and took my order.  I got the Texas Pete Fried Chicken with a mix of white and dark meat.  The portion was pretty decent with a generous share of gravy, a decent mash potato, and a pretty good biscuit.  This dish satisfied my craving for fried chicken.  The bartenders and other staff were quite friendly that I decided to return the next day before leaving Vegas.  I got the shrimp penne.  It was a little on the greasy side but I really liked the fact that they de-tailed the shrimp (sometimes things are in the details)!  The bartenders were personable and made my solo dining fun.  Thanks guys!

If I ever stay at the Mirage again I'll probably swing by here for a meal or two.笑
I had a wonderful experience with my family here. The service was excellent, the food was delicious and we felt very well taken care of. Not enough restaurants offer the kind of customer service that the pantry did. I will be going back!笑
I was excited to dine at the newest addition to the Mirage hotel. At  this 24hr eatery, food looks better than it tastes and waaay over priced. $14 waffle that can be eaten in 4 bites! Come on! The Huevos Rancheros are a joke. Tortilla is not fried like it should be but soggy. Salsas don't taste homemade and beans I'm sure are from a can. Maybe I'm spoiled on Mexican coming from LA but it doesn't even feel like they're trying. Decor is very cute which makes it very inviting.
Yes it's convenient if you're staying on the premises but if you can, go elsewhere. 
Hoping that they're still trying to find they're footing and will improve from here.笑
They serve  breakfast all day! We came her for a late dinner while staying at the mirage. The restaurant is near the guest elevator tower & open 24/7. I had a half order of blueberry pancakes- which ended up being 2 pancakes & plenty of food. My husband had the grilled cheese sandwich, which came with thick cut fries. I had a couple fries & they were good!tue grilled cheese was extra greasy though 

I have seen in other reviews complaints about the service & wait. We were seated right away & our food came out quickly. We did eat during an off time though.笑
I came over here because i was craving bacon and eggs real bad. I ordered the all American breakfast, now i saw that it was $17, thats a lot for a basic breakfast, but i was like..eh..must be good.  First the guy working there was messing with me, he was nice enough, but he thought it was funny as hell to keep saying my breakfast wont be out for 45 mins. I waiting about 15 minutes, no big deal, place was pretty busy. They had a separate person bringing the food, so he seemed confused on who it was for, even though i was by myself.  They messed up and gave me a sunny side up instead of scramble, he said he would just bring another dish with scrambled eggs which is fine. The breakfast was mediocre, 3 crappy strips of bacon, i was hoping for like 6 ridiculous huge pieces for the $17, only two pieces of toast, and the rest was all has brown/hash/casserole, which was good.   So after i pretty much ate all the toast and bacon, the scrambled eggs came out. I had already eaten about 3 bites of the eggs before i realized it was like some crappy powdered eggs, come on.  I cant get real eggs for $17. I was taking my time, and they weren't  rushing me, until the bartender waved over some really obnoxious guy to sit right next to me, I B-lined it out of there disappointed.

I should have gone to Carnegie's for breakfast, the only reason i didn't was it was too busy and i didn't want to wait in line, should have though. Also it was cheaper too,

All in all, I think everything on this menu should be lowered in price by $10 an item. I should have payed like $7 for what I got.笑
This is, hands down, my favorite spot to have breakfast in Las Vegas! So I can't understand why it doesn't have a higher star rating. 

Lets start with the interior. If I could, I'd build my bedroom somewhere behind the dining rooms in this restaurant so I would walk out to this modern chic interior. 

I've always received great service from the staff who seem to make customer service and satisfaction a priority. 

Now lets talk about the food. Where do I begin?  Besides it being delicious food comes out of the kitchen in a timely manner. Just make sure you have an appetite when you arrive so that you can empty your plate. Or share a dish or two!笑
Trendy, cheaper dining than say, Tom Cholichio's place around the corner. Food is good and fresh. Service is decent and the ambiance will remind any New Yorker of their favorite Bushwick watering hole. Go during happy hour and get 2-1 beers.笑
When in the Mirage I'm accustomed to quality food and service. This establishment has neither. After being seated for breakfast on a weekday morning no one approached the table for 15 minutes. Mugs are on each table but coffee was not offered, had to ask for it. Food arrived 45 minutes later and was stone cold on a hot plate. How is that even possible? Took another 10 minutes to get someone's attention. Ordered something else and that took another 15 minutes. No one apologized. No one seemed to care at all. 

They get 1 star as they're only a few steps from the guest elevators. 

You'd be much better off going across the street to Denny's.笑
Lady at front spent most of her time shuffling menus while I waited for table.  I had to tell her there were free tables and places at the bar.  Finally seated, waitress came by, said she would be right back, never saw her again.  Finally another waitress took my order, two fried eggs over easy and toast.  Eggs were cooked slightly on each side and white was raw and runny inside.  Two pieces of toast = both were heels.笑
Man this place is awesome. Got to get there early gets packed quick. I had the hash and eggs which are wow. Also the chocolate pancake with a side of bacon is awesome pancake is HUGE and rich. If you get something prepare to eat portions are large. Last you have to get a Bloody Mary. Yummy!! Also the egg sandwich there is huge and so good.笑
We are locals & had a chance to come to Mirage & see what was new. Happened upon The Pantry and couldn't be more pleased. We were here on a Wednesday around 9 pm. We were seated right away and greeted within seconds of sitting. The menu was explained and so were the specials. $18 for a burger & drink (very reasonable for the strip I think). Server, Ty, was attentive and very nice. We liked everything from the menu to the decor. We will be back!笑
We decided to use a $50 resort credit to get room service.  The Mirage has replaced their room service with Pantry delivery.  I was not impressed with any portion of this meal.  The pizza crust tasted like it was frozen and made by Digiorno.  The truffle potato chips had a great crunch but the flavor on top of the chips was not good.  The pretzel and cheese dip also was unimpressive.  Two pretzels without salt served with a beer cheese dip with little flavor and a side of mustard.  The pretzel itself was decent but the cheese sauce was very plain and in need of seasoning.  The truffle mac and cheese had overpowering flavor of mushrooms.  Like the beer cheese dip this dish also lacked seasoning.  Finally the cinnamon doughnut bites were the one saving grace of the meal.  Warm and soft they brought some happiness to an otherwise lackluster sampling.  I would not order from the delivery option or visit his restaurant again.笑
The food is delicious.. My only complaint is the service. This is the second time I've eaten here. Both times the service has been soooooooo slow! 

Example:

Had breakfast here right now, my daughter asked for jam for her toast when her food was brought to her. It took 5 minutes to get her jam. The toast was cold . 

Second , my husband had asked for tobacco sauce for his hash browns. It took almost 10 minutes. When the waitress came she handed him salsa-- fresh.. He kindly told her, I had asked for tobacco and she said- oh yeah, here you go. 

She was kind-- just supppppper slow! Nothing kills a bomb breakfast-- more than a cold breakfast! 

Not sure we will return. First time I came there was a hair in my food.. Manager came and comped us.. 2 strikes now though.笑
After a long night this was a great place to go. Service took a little longer but our server was awesome. She was very knowledgable and was able to help our group out with ease. The food was delicious and the restaurant had a very home style feeling to it. I would head back here again!笑
Had the salmon. By itself, it was good; tender, flavorful, moist.  The rest of the meal was compartmentalized--it just didnt come together as a cohesive meal. The vegetables were wonderful, again by themself. The young potatoes left me wishing that I had asked for substituting for rice or anything else. The salad, just a pile of arugula, was served on the dinner plate, again disjointed and that may be that I asked for dressing on the side so it wouldn't be over dressed. When the salmon was out of the way I mixed the arugula with the leftover vegetables--much better. Affordable, filling meal, just could've been so much better!笑
Highlight: Pantry is open 24 hours

Other than that, the food is meh, a bit overpriced, and the service is okay.笑
Good food 24/7 what more needs to be said.  This is always a great spot for breakfast and late night eating but in Vegas I get confused on what's late night and what's breakfast.  Their menu offers an array of items.  The Pantry also does room delivery but it's best to order your food and then pick it up yourself to save a lot of $$$$.  Never go there for dinner because the line to get in is way too long.  The Pantry has limited seating so waiting on a table for dinner is just crazy.  Order carryout and eat in your room.笑
Wow! Found the best breakfast in town!! Had the Huevos Rancheros and also the veggie hash!! Both outstanding! And I got it at 3am!!! The place is open 24 hours! Our party also ate French toast (outstanding!) and eggs Benedict (amazing!) Sevice was outstanding! Atmosphere an A+! And Frank the GM made us feel like VIP!! Highly recommended!!!笑
Over priced frozen food. What happened to the quality? Mirage should rework this menu, especially as the other casinos are serving fresh and tasty food.笑
Food: Delicious! My fiancé and I ordered the fried chicken (very tender and crispy) and the fish and chips and both were very good! 

Service: Great service! They kept refilling our drinks and kept coming back to ask how we were doing. 

Highly recommend!笑
Food was cold, waiter did not even check to see how we were doing, did not come to refill water till the end of our dinner, cup was empty for my whole dinner. It wasn't busy, so don't know what the excuse is. Bad. First and last time.笑
Excellent spot for brunch in Vegas! Healthy options and worth the wait. We enjoyed the omelettes, yogurt parfait and pancakes. Can't wait to return during my next Vegas trip笑
Don't waste your money here.  I know it's one of the only places open at 2 AM but I seriously would have rather eaten one of those sandwiches from Walgreens.  The second star is for service and presentation.

The Mahi Mahi tacos were tiny, tasted odd, and had some of the most overcooked fish I ever had in them.  The salsa they give you tasted like it came straight from a factory in New Jersey. 

The wife ordered hash browns, but got a plate of smashed up red potatoes.  Sorry, that's not even a close relative of hash browns.笑
Located just outside the guest elevators at The Mirage, and open 24 hrs, we came here after the Love show. The sign outside showing they had some happy hour specials drew us in. Happy hour runs from 3-6 pm and 11pm-2am daily. Much to my delight they serve Coke here. (That is the reason they get an extra star.) We ordered the caprese flatbread ($5), the chicken wings with the dry rub($5), and the pretzel with the cheese dip($5). All were specially priced for happy hour. The flatbread was gross. It had no flavor and was dry. We each ate one piece and left the rest. The wings were ok. My friend liked them better then I did I think. I thought the seasoning was just thrown on top on them. There was some "ranch" that was served with them, but they were better without it I guess. They were also served with some carrots and celery, but they looked so dried out and gross we thought they might have just been for decoration. The pretzel was just ok. It was just a filler. The service was friendly. Our server even offered to make me a Coke to go! That is the only reason I am giving two stars. Otherwise, I would not recommend this place for the happy hour food at all!! Run! There are too many other places to eat in Vegas that are much better. I hope.笑
I dined on Nov 21 with the hubby. Our server was Janel (hi!), the sweetest lady you will ever meet in Vegas. She and her co-lovelies were very attentive to us and made us feel happy as clams. 

What we tried:
Pretzels (mustard and cheese dips)
Fish n chips
Fish tacos
Mac n cheese
Carrot cake
Tropical 7up (half lemonade half 7up) - this one I just made up and they were happy to oblige.

The tastes were divine, I especially loved the pretzels (good for two) which had a crisp shell and chewysofty center.The Mac n cheese had generous helpings of cheese and truffle oil.. yum! But what really made me swoon was the service. We were going to see Diana Ross and just wanted a quick, nondescript bite. I didn't realize we'd find a gem that we're now planning to make part of our regular Vegas experience. Give this place a chance, you'd love it.笑
I'm annoyed I have to give any stars to be honest 

Long wait for cold food plus I'm vegetarian, ordered a garden hash which when came had meat in it, I already had a few mouthfuls. Told our waitress who was obviously sorry and took it off the bill but for that kind of mistake they should of cleared the whole check yet they still charged us for two cokes and my husbands shitty cold breakfast

Screw you pantry笑
Can you wait 24 hours for your food to arrive? This may be the place to test your hangry meter. I'm unsure how long this restaurant has been in operation, but I foresee its shuttering in the near future if service doesn't improve. 

It's easy to walk on past the host stand, especially when the host or hostess is rarely present. My cousins and I and other hungry people waited in line for nearly five minutes before being told to form a line within some velvet ropes (are you f*cking kidding me?), which apparently are no longer restricted to nightclubs. 

Once seated, we received beverages which weren't ours, waited 10 minutes to place our orders, and waited an additional 30 to receive our food. I noticed many patrons were waiting for a sever to come by to their tables. There were also more bussers than servers on the floor, and the hostess was multitasking. 

I ordered the Garden Vegetable Hash, and I'm happy that it didn't disappoint. Simple, flavorful sautéed veggies with perfectly poached eggs. This had just the right amount of pesto and basil flavors. 

The food was fine, our server was good to us, but the service staff was disorganized. Don't waste your time here.笑
Amazing service, amazing food, worth the wait! I couldn't have had a better experience at the pantry. The staff is so friendly and my tortilla soup was amazing. Clean and so cute inside. Breakfast, lunch or dinner this place is always a win!笑
Country style cafe at The Mirage!!! Delicious breakfast and lunch!!! Pancakes are top
notch not your typical IHOP/Dennys! Best thing its open 24 hours!!! Vegas Buffets are over rated now a days. Your in the mood for some country style food...this is your joint.笑
This is amazing... Started with pretzels...waffle fries..buttermilk pancakes..the service is great and the restaurant is so clean and new!笑
Such an awesome, fun experience to eat at the Pantry and have a great server named Janel who just greeted us with a smile and friendly service the entire meal! The food was excellent with a huge variety of selections.  My favorite is the Veggie Benedict. I've had it twice, highly recommended bc it's tasty and filling!笑
The service here was "deplorable" but the manager, when told about the problems made us feel it would not reoccur!  The food was good, abit pricey but the only place open in Mirage after the Love show sooo ....笑
A mixed bag but I'm basically a fan.  This review requires bullet points.

1.  Service is slower.  Not painfully slow but slower.  The food is Southern and regrettably so is the service.  I'd call this a management issue.  It simply isn't fast enough.  Vegas is a city.  And I get a feeling these are career waitresses who've burnt out some time ago.  No matter what time of day.  

What I'm about to discuss next sounds racist.  But I believe I observed some racism and to discuss as much requires discussing races.  Basically four black ladies in their late 20s came in and waited for service.  They never got it and left.   I believe they left because of nervous looks from the Asian hostess and Asian waitress.  (They looked nervous in general... which is strange.)  Anyway if four black ladies can't get chicken and waffles (a featured dish) in this place then WTF is this place doing exactly?

2.   I ate here several times and found the food hit or miss.  Basically whenever that 'gravy' was involved the dish suffered.  An egg dish with said gravy was so weak I should have sent it back... but was afraid to... because of all those nervous looks.  I ordered a side of bacon and felt very precooked (buffet) style.  The fried chicken was OUT OF THIS WORLD but next time I'd say HOLD THE GRAVY.   I also had an arugula goat cheese salad to die for.  Good luck finding a place with great salad and fried chicken -- lol.

3.  The menu needed a 3 eggs with meat and biscuit plate.  Instead of putting things together yourself.  Nickel and diming that way.   I grew so tired of this breakfast I went back to the Cravings buffet.  There's a big dude from Trinidad who makes eggs fresh for you -- and the buffet bacon was thin but warmer than Pantry.  Go figure.

4.  9 dollars for a tall can of Pabst?  Really?  Make it $6.

5.  Pleasant interior but noisy.  CLACK CLACKy.   But it has a great people chatting buzz.  In the morning it took a nice cup of coffee to be able to tolerate the noise.   

6.  This place is open air which would have been a problem in the Mirage.  Smoke from the casino floor was supposed to pour in but didn't thanks to new and improved AC.笑
Love that Pantry is open 24/7, but that's about it...

My bf and I came after clubbing on a Monday, and Pantry really wasn't that busy. After ordering however, we rarely saw our server again. The servers were nice but pretty inattentive.

The food was just meh. I ordered the chicken fried steak - the portions were generous but the food was salty and seemed microwaved. My bf got the backyard burger. He finished his without complaining so I guess the burger was fine. It comes with pickled veggies (green beans & a pickle) and those were really good.

It was convenient to stop by since it's just downstairs, but for the price & quality, it's not really worth it.笑
I thought this place was lovely! I ordered my usual 2 egg breakfast and really enjoyed it! The smash browns were some of the most flavorful potatoes I have ever eaten. The rustic nature of the place really made me want to stay awhile and enjoy my food. I forgot that I was in a hotel/casino. Pantry became a staple for us during our stay in Las Vegas because of it's reliably great food and fabulous serviced.笑
24 hour dining.. High prices, paid $15 for a turkey club which was good. We stayed at the Mirage and woke up a tad late. My husband and I were here for the Las Vegas night marathon in November. (I know this review is long over due) We haven't ate anything yet, but needed to get something in our bellys before the run. So we rushed downstairs and this place was the first place we came across. 

We told our waitress who was this older Caucasian lady. Man! She was a delight! You can tell she loved her job and loved the customers. She gave us a joyful eating experience. Even though this place is a tad bit on the expensive side, I would come back.. Only if she was our waitress!!笑
We stopped by for a quick bite to eat prior to the Beatles show on the 4th of July. We first sat at the bar and ordered food and a cappuccino then moved over to the seating near the entrance as a few more people decided to join us. Bartender seemed in a bit of a rush and didn't look too happy when we moved. Waiter was friendly and efficient.

I had the loaded waffle fries (great portion for sharing, potatoes were perfect, cheesy and the bacon was a plus) and the Caprese flatbread (tasted a little plain and a bit undercooked).

Cute decor and spacious.

Bathrooms located outside the restaurant.笑
Very nice place. Good food. Good service. I'll come back! 
P.S. The turkey club sandwich looked 100x better than the one I had at Carnegie's at Mirage!!
I had the burger.. Asked for it plain. Yum!笑
We ate breakfast here the other morning. 
I had a breakfast sandwich and my husband had a veggie hollandaise... they were both sub-par. I preferred my 7.99$ breakfast sandwich from the coffee shop in the hotel. 
My husband's was beyond odd,  not good at all really. 
Service was good,  coffee was good!笑
Such a great little place and love that it does not only to go food, but also is 24/7.  My girlfriend had some late night hunger that needed tending to so we checked it out and she ordered the pancakes while I just ordered a plain bagel with cream cheese and we split an order of donut bites.

She was blown away by the quality and quantity of food with the pancakes, she raved about them.  I was not as impressed with my bagel, however, it was a side item and so I wasn't too miffed about that. 

The donut bites were amazing but more cake than air (which I liked) and actually tasted like the outside of a corn dog with cinnamon sugar on it.

All this deliciousness and the ability to take it to our room was just the combination we were looking for.笑
After contemplating room service and then seeing the ridiculous prices, we strolled on down to this restaurant. We waited about 15 minutes for a table, but ended up just snagging two seats at the bar. 

The service was quick & attentive. The food was an average breakfast I'd say. Worth ordering is the basil & cheddar biscuits! This helped tide us over while we waited for our meal. The iced coffee is a bit watered down, so next time I'll go with hot. 

Sweet staff, cute place, and good breakfast but not amazing.笑
I'm a local and absolutely love this restaurant. From the service to the food is amazing. I've been here twice and will definitely come back. Our sever Janel was an absolute doll and was very knowledgeable about the menu.笑
Rating this place 4 star just because the servers are nice. 

Its designed really well. Im obsessed with all white decor and black and white pictures.

I ordered the texas chicken. It was actually good but nothing really special about it. My cousins ordered the same but they didnt like it at all. We waited long for our food which is always a no no in my book. But the servers were amazing.笑
Slow service cold food, asked for scrambled eggs with cheese and onion they opened some craft cheese and melted it on top, the 1st guy our "waiter" who we asked for cream forgot, I mean soo over priced sooo not worth it and coffee also bad笑
I was so excited to try this new restaurant--it's been on my radar since my last visit to Vegas.  The Mirage DESPERATELY needs a good 24 hour cafe and I was so hoping this would hit the mark.  It takes so much for me to not to love a cafe, but I can't give the food here a good review.  It was really, really not good.  I can usually power through a mediocre meal (especially a late night breakfast), so when I can only take a few bites, something is wrong.  I'm hoping the food was just off that night because the ambience was darling and the service was nice.  For a solid breakfast choice I would defer to their poolside cafe and for late night dining, I'm at a loss.笑
Why am I giving them three stars instead of the four I gave them last time,  just didn't like it as well.  I really wanted French Toast, plain old French toast but all they have is Vanilla flavored white chocolate.  Thought I'd have a waffle, only have vanilla flavored.  Some times more is less.

Their potato sides are called smashed potatoes and they are actually red potatoes which are as described, smashed.  For my money, the best part of the breakfast.

the servers are all very pleasant and service is decent and food arrives pretty quickly.  We did see one poor woman when we sat at the bar to eat who had been waiting for about 40 minutes.  Apparently her order got lost but the bartender did the right thing and didn't charge her for her order.

Had to laugh at the man next to us, he complained to the server that his oatmeal wasn't hot enough and he wanted her to fix it.  Of course the server did just that be we thought it funny since he'd finished it and guess he wanted more so he complained.  People will apparently do anything.笑
I came here for some lunch after the Spa with my mom and was so looking forward to their all day breakfast options.  I was not disappointed.  Their take on a breakfast sandwich was unique and very appetizing with mushroom spread and gouda cheese.  Their "smash browns " are what I believe should be the only breakfast potatoe option out there.  I definitely recommend this to anyone looking to try something new.  The prices are moderate for the Las Vegas strip.笑
Items Selected:
La Colombe Pacific Blend Coffee
Cinnamon Sugar Donut Bites
Two Cheddar Chive Biscuits - Honey and Butter
Blueberry and Banana Nut Muffin
Abuela's Huevos Rancheros - Fried Eggs, Black Beans, Corn Tortillas, Cotija Cheese, Avocado Crema, Salsa
Chicken & Waffles - Texas Pete Fried Chicken, Buttermilk Vanilla Waffle
White Chocolate Brioche French Toast - Berry Compote & Whipped Mascarpone
Strawberry Shortcake Pancakes - Strawberry Ice Cream, Vanilla Whipped Cream, Pure Maple Syrup

Long targeted as a place for breakfast given the beautiful space, quality ingredients, and collection of favorites including an ever-changing 'pancake of the week' it was finally with friends in town that I sat down at The Mirage's 24/7 Pantry, a three course order marred only by the confusing menu where dashed-boxes unclearly delineate 'exclusions' to the mix & match bakery section while denoting highlights elsewhere, and not every "Take The Best Of It - Comes with Smash Browns" actually comes with the spuds, regardless of what the subtext says.

Offering breakfast all day, and the rest of the menu from 11a until 11p, Pantry is located at the back of The Mirage and with an open café up-front overlooking the gaming floor and a more cozy family-style dining area in back it was in the latter that we sat, a large four-top easily big enough for six set for just three soon greeted by a middle-aged waitress named Rina who dutifully pushed coffee (an excellent roast from La Colombe charged at $5 per pot, without free refills, though diners are left to discover that for themselves) before filling water and taking orders, the request for items to be coursed out loosely adhered to until it was reinforced after round two landed atop quarter-finished baked goods.

Told that the donuts could not be included in the 'mix & match' because it was "in a box, see" and then served only one biscuit, instead of the menu-listed two, because "it was part of the mix & match" as though one was supposed to infer this information for themselves, suffice it to say that at $9 the biscuit and two muffins were still a veritable bargain considering the quality and although the donut bites were a bit steep at $5 for six, the crispy sugar shell over a light brioche center was every bit as good as those at Puck's Postrio which carry a tariff several dollars more - the addition of locally sourced honey, whipped butter, and two types of housemade jam the sort of small details I'd gladly pay a premium for whether dining near home or on the Strip.

Sitting, chatting, and enjoying the first round it was less than five minutes later that a man arrived porting two plates and setting aside the muffins and donuts while informing him to put the brakes on expediting the next course it was soon in chicken and waffles alongside huevos rancheros that we partook, neither served with the 'smashed browns' advertised on the menu but both again showing the work of a confident kitchen working with quality ingredients, the crispy tortillas beneath eggs and accoutrements featuring no lack of dynamic flavors or textures while as the spicy chicken featured skin that crackled to the tooth atop a supple and aromatic waffle more than ready to sop up plenty of pure maple syrup served in a sizeable sidecar.

Transitioning back to sweets, another pot of coffee elected even after assuming the upcharge based on the menu's description, it was perhaps a gluttonous choice to pick both the pancake of the week and four-piece French Toast when eating with friends generally not the sort to indulge in such things but never one to shy away from over-ordering to experience the best of what a place has to offer it was honestly a surprise to even myself just how excellent Pantry's griddles were, the decadent custard soaked brioche cooked golden and topped with rich mascarpone plus plenty of berries featuring far more chopped chocolate than one would have ever assumed while the fluffy flapjack trio was not only topped with housemade strawberry jam and freshly sliced berries but also imbued with strawberries and cream in the batter and layered between each cake, a large dollop of whip and a small ball of ice cream added to finish perhaps a bit unnecessary, though I certainly didn't hear anyone complain.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Confounded by a menu seemingly built to confuse and up-sell with the sort of service that is trained to turn tables it is almost as if Pantry does not know just how good the food coming out of the kitchen really is, particularly for a 24-hour spot on the Strip - a bit more attention to detail from the front of house would go a long way to giving the chefs the credit they deserve.笑
Great made to order breakfast - skinny egg white omelet that you can customize.  Chocolate pancakes mini order was a perfect side dish.  Menu offered a variety , but wasn't overwhelming. There were also adult versions of breakfast cocktails and coffees.笑
I had the Caprese flatbread & my boyfriend had the large Ceasar salad. I ended up eating most of his salad, lol! The Caprese flatbread was very bland. I thought it would be raw mozzarella & tomatoes, but it was baked. So it was like a really really bland pizza. We came here around 11ish pm & it wasn't very busy. Our food took a long time to come to our table. The waitress was really nice but so sloooooow! The prices aren't bad at all. We won't be visiting here again. Too many better restaurants here笑
First time visiting the Pantry and it did not disappoint! We will definitely be back. The service was splendid. Very welcoming and attentive staff. Shout out to Janel you are awesome!! You made us feel special! We had the chicken and waffles and they were to die for!笑
Sooooooooo slow. Open tables all over the place but still waited 35 minutes to be seated. Once seated waited a long time for waiter to even check if we wanted water.  Food was good but not worth the wait. Hate to see how this place runs when all the tables are taken笑
Reasonable prices and decent food - Stopped in for dinner before hitting the town and after waiting 15 minutes for a table during Happy Hour (not too bad) we were able to place our drink orders before the specials ended. Our drinks came out fast and my vodka and cranberry had enough kick to get me buzzing off the first one. No skimping on the pour here.  Janel was our server - loved her! Attentive, helpful, funny.  Manuel brought our food out and he was really funny as well. 

Now the food - the caprese flatbread was decent.  Didn't knock my socks off. I got the alfredo and subbed chicken for the shrimp. The noodles were over cooked but the sauce was not really heavy or too salty. Chicken was moist and tasty. So aside from the noodles being over cooked, this dish was tasty. My coworker liked her salmon and fingerling potatoes with arugula.  

Overall good experience here and I'm so glad we gave it a try.笑
Good breakfast options for your extended stay. Had the Eggs Benedict which was good, and a Breakfast Sandwich on another day. Breakfast sandwich was okay, bit on the bland side. Eggs were always cooked correctly though. Their "smash browns" are actually the best part, very flavorful!笑
Located in the Mirage, across from the Love bar, this diner style spot is good food. I got the american breakfast and everything was pretty good. I don't normally like potatoes with my breakfast, but these red skin potatoes were tasty. My bread was a little bit dry, meaning it crumbled when I tried to dip it in my eggs. My wife and mother in law both got waffles, and these were very good. Fruit plate was also very good as well.

In short, I would go back again if I was in the Mirage.