My first experience here about a month ago was pretty good, they have a nice happy hour and the bartender was sweet. A few too many creeper guys but that happens. I went back a week ago with some friends showed up at 9:20pm and they weren't open, I called and asked what time they open (the website says 5pm and the sign on the building scrolls HAPPY HOUR 9-12) they tell me 9:30. So at 9:30 I try to go in and the doors are locked, I call again and ask what time they open they say "9:30. Oh is that you outside? We'll be open in 10-15 minutes" they were aware they had customers and would not open. We waited until 10 and they still weren't open so we left. I'm pretty bummed because they're aren't many places that offer drinks and hookah, late hours, good hookah, and a decent price. But clearly they don't care about customers. Probably won't be back, such a disrespectful way to treat people who want to spend money in your business.笑
*Review based on customer service alone* 

It would have been nice to write a review on the whole experience, unfortunately our first trip here was a disaster. Saturday night, 12:30am, the neighborhood a little sketchy, felt as if I was walking into a Hip Hop video, but it WAS  Hip Hop night so I guess. A friend was celebrating her birthday and invited me to come join at their table. I showed up 20minutes later in jeans and a backwards hat(wasn't allowed in with it)  I was under dressed and most people were  dressed as ifs hey we're  hitting the club. I was met by a rude bouncer and douche doorman, pretending as if they were elite club owners on the strip or something. 

Apparently out of no where, they started charging customers $140 for bottle service, my friend went in before me just to use the restroom and they let him in no problem, when I walked up 5 minutes later I was told they weren't  letting anyone in UNLESS you payed bottle service. I told them my friend had a table already and invited me, the doorman just kept repeating "bottle service only". I text my friend, who told the doorman that I was part of her party, he first had to confirm she had a table, he counted everyone at the table and told her she had a limit of 10 people, it was big enough to fit more people and the inside wasn't very packed. I had invited 7 other people who were on they're way to the lounge already, only to be told they wouldn't be able to get in. I left. Later my friend told me a fight broke out and they were all pepper sprayed out of the small building by security. I happened to be in the same parking lot coming out of the kareoke joint me and the others went to after we couldn't get in and witnessed a group of people fighting in the parking lot and a drunk car accident I wasn't surprised at all to see or hear about what happened. 

They definitely lost my business and my friends too. It's too bad, because they seemed to have good music and a neat set up. But poor choice in staff and business practices.笑
If I could I would give this place NO stars. When we first arrived the bouncer checked our id to see if we were 21 and over .. Okay cool no problem.. As we entered the hookah lounge there was no one to greet us.. The bouncer came in and told us we could take a seat anywhere .. Okay cool.. We took a seat the  booth we chose had trash and filth still there from the previous guests.. The server finally came .we had  asked her for suggestions but her personality seemed already nasty just by her responses and multiple eye rolls .. We ordered food it took 30 minutes ! ( appetizers )  finally we got
Our servers attention and wanted to cancel the order but she refused for us to cancel.. She even brought the food over to tell us it was ready. then she had the courage to tell us that they were going to charge us still after making the food.. Horrible customer service . I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone笑
I was just there and they locked the front door and not let anybody in. lol lil did they know we are bottle buyers and big spenders. Never again.笑
I don't have anything negative about this place. Not from the area but a big hookah head back home.  I must say this is the cheapest lounge I ever been to in my life. Paid $12 for the house mix with ice and ice tip. That kind of price for a hookah is unheard of in the Bay Area , California.  If I lived here , I Would def be a regular. They played good music. They always came by to check on our hookah , and they packed a great bowl. I must say location is kind of wierd but  overall ..

Customer service 5/5 
Quality 5/5笑
My first time hookah-ing. Sampled a few flavors and grabbed a couple drinks with some friends. 

It's not for me, but I would definitely come back to try it again.笑
Completely writing this while I'm in this venue. I'm all for supporting small and local businesses, but the service here was just plain slow and bs. 

I've never been so outraged at the service of any place before. My friends and I wanted to just relax and smoke some hookah, usually this spot back then was our go to spot, but things have seriously changed. We ordered our first hookah and it took about 20 minutes to receive and it wasn't even so busy at all. But honestly, that's not the real reason I was outraged about. Our group wanted to change the flavor and we completely understood that there was a fee to refill and change the flavor. BUT it doesn't take AN hour to do so. We reminded the server three times about our flavor and they said soon. It was not until I went up there and talked to the lady about what was going on that she realized that our flavor hasn't been changed yet. THEN she gives me the attitude saying we would still have to pay for our flavor when we requested it for about an hour already. I mean they gave us a free drink for the inconvenience, but seriously though? An hour to make flavor? Or you even forgetting it? That's absurd. 

Never coming back here ever again. This place really needs to get their service on point or they'll definitely lose those good quality customers.笑
Would of gave give stars if there was a spot in the house where it could be closed off and intimate. Place starting jumping off at 11pm Saturday. Hip Hop and Spanish at times. Music was great and DJ knew what he was doing. Hookah price was reasonable for $20 I guess and refills $11. You could reserve tables with purchase of bottle for about $140. If not reserving you need to get there early for a couch maybe say 10PM. Didn't try food but prices were decent. A lot of sexy ladies in the house that night. All in all great place and I would go back with the fellas.笑
Great place to go and hang out with friends and smoke with good scenery great music and nice staff, drinks are a little price for me but then again im a local and ive gotten cheaper drinks, Hookah do have a good price on them and they have happy hour on them too so thats great. Over all 4 stars笑
Love this place,  nice music,  lovely people,  and real good hookah .. Try the watermelon vanilla if you like light flavors笑
I love this place! Fun laid-back spot to go with friends and not spend a ton of money on a night out. The hookah isn't too expensive and lasts throughout the night.笑
DO NOT LET LENIA the Bartender serve you, she is rude and have no manners.,.bad service for such of nice place with good hookah,,,this place need a better customer service!!!笑
My boyfriend and I visited this place on a Wednesday night. First thing when you enter there's a sign that says to wait to be seated, but we waited for about 10 minutes looking to see if a hostess or some employee would acknowledge that we were waiting to be seated. A customer walking in finally said that we just sit wherever we see an available seat. We finally find a place to sit, it's takes another 10 minutes for the server to bring us menus, and another 15 minutes goes by and finally the "server" takes our drink and hookah order. We wait another 10-15 minutes to get our hookah, which had a wet hose and only two small pieces of charcoals to start the hookah. The music is so loud and outdated. This place really needs to work on being more attentive to their customers. Horrible service, equally horrible music, and so so hookah. Don't waste your time or money on this place.笑
This place sucks. Stay faaaaar away from it. It's not worth it. A group of friends (5 of us) went out on a Monday night. First of all the waitress that came around to take our order couldn't understand us. So tree times later another girl came out to confirm our order because the other girl wasn't sure what we ordered. We had a mojito, red wine, kettle one soda, Jonny black, and a southern comfort, plus the hookah. The guys ordered 3 more times double drinks. I had the mojito. It was nasty. I'm a cocktail waitress and have been for 10 years. I know what a mojito should taste like. We were charged for ordering 10 times on the southern comfort ( grand marnier). Our bill was $244. We were like what the ..... We ordered kettle one and got charged for grey goose, also ordered southern comfort and were charged for grand marnier. Total bull.... So when we called the "manager" over she said there's nothing she can do. There was someone else in charge but they were not there. So we asked for the owner and when we asked him about our bill his reply was "I used to charge $6 for kettle one and $9 for grey goose but everyone started to order kettle one so I made it all the same price. And I do have southern comfort but don't have a button for it so we charge the grand marnier prices." So he offered a free round of drinks. Really? No thanks!!! What kind of bull.... is that ? Is that how you run a business? No wonder there was nobody in your club!!!!!! Will never go back there and will no recommend this place. Total rip off.笑
Decent place, not too crowded. Excellent service, smooth hookah (myxx special). Two cocktails plus hookah $24 which isn't bad. Free pour drinks, very happy and nice staff. I will be back.笑
Wow-I can't even comprehend how much this place sucks! 

I came here last night with my friends. We ordered a hookah with a few drinks. 
The hookah was so harsh the whole time I couldn't even smoke it. 
No one came to check on us we kept having to walk up and get their attention. So much  wasted time waiting around for servers that never came. 

My friend ordered a White Russian which tasted disgusting like and espresso shot and vodka. There was no cream at all so I went to the bartender to get some cream added to tone down the bitter nastiness and she says they don't have any! So she gives me some whip cream on top as a poor substitute. I take it back to my friend and she stirs the whipped cream in her drink but it still taste awful.  I go back up to the bar and ask her to just put some baileys to make it better. She said I would have to pay extra for baileys. I told her I'm not paying extra so she needs to fix the drink with what she's got- after repeating myself a few times "I'm not paying extra", she reluctantly agrees to put baileys.
Finally the drink was acceptable but it wasn't a white Russian.   If you don't have milk/cream, you shouldn't charge someone for drink that you can't make and have it come out gross. That's a waste of time for everyone!!笑
Drinks were terrible. Tried a Long Island iced tea and vodka tonic- both were pretty terrible. Ordered a peach, vanilla, mint hookah and couldn't taste any of the flavors at all. Left after the first hookah. Service was pretty slow and the waitress didn't know what was in the drinks. The inside is pretty cool, and they had a live dj which was cool.笑
Am the number1 customer of the myxx hookah lounge. Befor, i go to many different hookah lounge check out a few place and man, i felt in love with this place, I come here all the time now, Big love to this place and the people here are supa dope treat me like a family. the hookah is the beast, come with ice and ice tip everything, hit the spot, super smooth, no problem and the food is the best too plus the music. once you're in the myxx, you dont wanna leave lol. 1 word, best hookah lounge in town. big love笑
This is the best spot in Vegas for great hookah, great music and a great lounge to chill at. 
 All the waitresses are wonderful but I have my favorite one (Kelem). Her smile keeps me coming back. 
The food is excellent and the service is top notch! 
For a hookah spot it is the best spot to go to in Vegas and they are open late as well.笑
What? I can't see where I'm going. Its all black in there. But they do have cheap drinks and hookah worth your money. It lasts long enough for 3-4 people. 

Its raging on a weekend with questionable customers who probably got in with a fake ID. Don't get stabbed in the parking lot. Haha.笑
Some niggas got kicked out of this place within 30min of the me and squad getting here. Cops and shit. Good place if you want rinos dancing on you.  Loud ass bass. Good chill spot when not crowded and if you like jungle music. Bathrooms are nice though even though the soap dispenser didn't work笑
I'm here at 10 pm on a Tuesday. Closed! Thanks! I planned an event to hang here with all of my coworkers, and over 8 of us have wasted our time!笑
I came here a couple times to kick it with some friends. The Hookah might seem expensive, but you can definitely hang there for a good 2-3 hours for 20 bucks. The booths are intimate and ample. Drinks are reasonable and the food is okay. They have a DJ spinning pretty good hip-hop/ethnic music. Bathrooms are clean enough, but I wouldn't recommend eating off the floors.笑
I've been here quite a few times.. the music is good, they mix hip hop with Mediterranean music alot.. drink & hookah are very inexpensive.. intimate settings with a club feel.
customer service is great.!笑
I can't recall if I came here on a Friday or Saturday night, but at 11pm it was a semi club/bar/hookah lounge. They were blasting reggaeton, and some good hip hop jams. I'm all for a fun night of dancing, so it was fun for me, but anyone who was hoping to hookah would have been potentially disappointed. It was somewhat packed, but there was enough room to navigate to the bathroom and anywhere else. 

I would rather go elsewhere to hookah, and probably come back if I wanted to hang out with friends but also be able to dance without having to be in a club. Decent find, as I'm always up for some dancing at a bar and they are hard to find.笑
ok myxx is a little different from all the other lounges in Vegas myxx has a target audience and its Ethiopians but that does not bother me when i entered my first time i was like this place is a little sketchy not goinh to lie bu this woman welcmed my groupsaid we can sit anywhere and she would be right with us 3 minutes went by she came back we ordered 4 hookahs were avid hookah smokers remind you. we paid 10 dollars a hookah hookah was excellent never had to ask or coals always came on time bowls lasted a long time and i couldnt be happier笑
水パイプタバコの吸えるバーですリラックスできる雰囲気です。
イベントも豊富にしているみたいです笑
Decent place but was disappointed. Expected belly dancers and Arabic music...Crowd was also very less...Hookah was ok not great...笑
Very friendly and culturally diverse. It is a nice change from your typically quiet inactive hookah bar. Definitely come here if you like reggae music. We came on a thursday, and it was hopping. The price was right, and the hookah smoke came out thick and smooth.
Thanks for the great time.笑
It wasn't bad, it wasn't great...just mediocre. Seemed like there were enough people here for more than 1 waitress...also she seemed annoyed. But overall it was ok笑
I dig this place.

First time here was a spontaneous decision. Came out of Q Karaoke around 6a but was not ready for the night to end yet. Saw a sign that said "food" and we were reeled in. 

First impression: dim, bunch of lights, pretty crowded, loud music. Got seated in a booth. Ordered drinks and Ethiopian food that came with injera. Server told us their mom makes the food. Group liked it and even one stated it was better than Merkato's. Overall, told myself I'd come back.

Second time: sat ourselves at a booth then ordered a hookah with strawberrry pineapple, two longs islands, and two beers. Let me just say, I might want to smoke hookah more often. It was smooth, tasted good, and lasted forever. Music gave a good vibe that night. Bunch of Reggae and Nigerian music. Dance floor was pretty packed. Good vibes were just being emitted. Cost us $34 for our hookah and drinks. Not bad at all.

Service here is amazing. They consistently make sure you're doing fine and they consistently check your hookah and replace the coal. They know how to have fun too.

They "close" at 530a but will continue until people leave or the place starts to get bare. 

Definitely recommend stopping by. Don't be intimated. I admit, it's not the nicest place and there's security around. Last time we were there, there was a guy outside with blood on his face held to the ground. Yikes.

Tip: Be careful when you leave. Saw police pull up in the parking lot and was told that police come by, park, and end up following some people to pull over. Just be safe!笑
First off no one that works here even knows what time it opens! 
It says 1pm to 12 am on the door I get there and they're not open. I call and the guy says they're open from 930 to 6 am so we wait.  They unlock the door and we come in and wait to be seated for like 8 mins when we're the first guests!!  So I walk up to the girl and ask if we can sit anywhere and she's like "oh we actually open at 10 " like wtf man!!!!  Then I processed to explain to her that we called and you guys are open at 930 ,why else would they unlock the door at 930!!! So we just leave!!  Fuck that place, I can already tell they don't care about there customers, oh let me add that once you come In it smells like a dirty thrift store!  And also a little sign saying no ball caps, no shorts, no flip flops. Etc  like bitch who the hell do you guys think you are!!??  A grodan Ramsey restaurant!!!  I do not recommend one bit.笑
So I finally got the chance to check this place out and I was pleasantly surprised! 
For whatever reason they don't post regular hours, calling the lounge is pretty useless as well. 

Interestingly, they have a 10pm-12am happy hour 7 days a week. Happy hour on a Saturday night? Leggo. The hookahs are about $17 regular price (HH: $10) and they all come with a ice tip (for free!) In addition, it seems that if you are a lady and you come in during happy hour you get a free glass of moscato! yay!

We ordered the Myxx mix which was great - very minty mix that lasted for a good 45min-1 hour. The lounge itself is pretty big, complete with a full bar and has a nice dance/nightclub vibe to it. We stopped by on a Tuesday around 1am and it was surprisingly busy. Definitely family run, and most of the customers seemed to be regulars. They serve food though we didn't get a chance to try. Overall it was a pretty good experience, check it out if you are in the Chinatown area.笑
Eff this place, just heard a female friend was jumped leaving this place by staff members and was stabbed. They are about to be facing serious charges possibly including attempted murder. Who knows, they might not be open for much longer... Only have one star as it wouldn't let me select no stars.笑
Went here for a friend's birthday. I was not impressed at all! Arrived for happy hour drinks, didn't think $7 for a beer was happy hour price, but apparently they do. Also shots were $7. You basically could only order alcohol at the bar and there was only one bartender. I must say, I did like the fact that she was a rookie bartender, therefore my drinks were stronger than usual. They played the music way too loud. Sounded as if I was in a club without a dj!  Other than that, this place is nothing fancy.笑
Nice hookah lounge, the hookah was ok, the waitress was very nice, and even the hookah price surprise us in a good way, in the menu it was 20$ for hookah, pricey, but at the bill we charged only 10$ for the hookah because they had "special weekend night" or something.

nice place, maybe will go there again, not sure笑
I'm a pretty strong supporter of local businesses and being born and raised in a third world country helping a Ethiopian business strive as always been nothing but love. Saba is a great waitress and tonight we were turned away by the security staff for the sake of being openly bias about race ethnicity. How is a place predominately visited by Ethiopians and ethnicities from THIRD WORLD COUNTRIES considered not welcome.

I have been coming to this place for a very long time when it was just one room and a hole in the wall. Saba has been our waitress a few times and this is uncalled for. 

Please do not visit a place that discriminates against ethnicities based on what ever criteria they base their ideas. I have always blasted them on social media about how nice the brothers and sisters are and that family run the place. But this will not be the same. It's sad that they have entrusted everything in their security staff who were blatantly disrespectful and rude. The security threatened to beat me up and threatened to punch me in the mouth.

The security staff threatened to cause harm to anyone that does not follow their dictatorship. That's exactly how it's now ran. This used to be a fun reggae spot after hours but now like everything else it's no longer sincere and welcoming. Again, please do not visit this place. Rather find another venue that welcomes all ethnicities. 

You have always been my favorite but now it has changed. WHAT HAPPENED?????笑
The place is dead and life less and has horrible music (it even had commercials in it!). You have to track down the employees to get service. The hookah they gave us had used coals and wasn't working. We explained to the waitress that we did not feel we should have to pay for the hookah because we had to wait forever to get it and it had coals that were already burned...she said we still have to pay. It's very over priced, they have horrible customer service, and I will never go back there!!!!笑
Open on time and have a dedicated line for your customers to call. Is that too much to ask. I go there 2 hours after the are supposed to be open and they are still closed. So I call the number listed and its some guys cell phone and he doesn't even answer with the name of the place. Just a "yeah" Not dependable with questionable service so can't recommend it.笑
Love this place, cheap drinks and hookah. House special came with ice! The music was a great mixture of latin, hip hop, regae, house. The bartender seemed extremely sweet and helpful. It was my first time trying Ethiopian tibbs, I must admit they were amazing. I will definitely come back!