Nous étions très enthousiastes à l'annonce de cette nouvelle formule 100% végé au Gros Luxe, mais nous avons été un peu déçu. Nous avions pris le tacos banh mi au tempeh en entrée, les falafels et le poulet au beurre en plats. La bouffe était bonne mais sans plus, j'ai surtout été déçue de mon poulet au beurre car la sauce ne goutait en rien au plat que l'on commande à l'Indien du coin. Les falafels manquaient un peu de saveur. Je mets 3 étoiles parce que nous n'avons pas mal mangé mais les prix augmentent tranquillement sans que la qualité de la nourriture ne suive. Ce n'est pas le restaurant dans lequel je ferai découvrir la cuisine végétarienne à des amis omnivores.笑
I hate to say it, because as someone who does not eat meat, I'm always really exited when a new and interesting Vegetarian joints open up...

I was disappointed. Several members of our table had also had disappointing experiences previous to the recent change in the menu, so upon making the reservation, the resto was already aware that this was a second chance.

SO! on to the review. Upon entering, we where informed by (the admittedly very friendly) manager, that for tables of 7 or more there was only a a limited menu available, so we where unable to try several of the more interesting dishes and of the already limited menu, several of the dishes where sold out, including the avocado fries (which had also been sold out the last time one of our party had visited). It would have been nice to know that before hand. 

Our server was VERY friendly, as was the rest of the staff, which in my books, counts for a lot.

The food was, for the most part, mediocre. We ordered a variety of dishes. The mac&cheese was actually slightly mushy bow ties and cheese, and was exceedingly bland, requiring a healthy dose of spice and salt to achieve any flavor at all making it more like pasta and hot sauce than pasta cheese as none of the cheese flavor came through at all. The onion rings where mushy inside and out and greasy, the beet hummus was a bit "meh", the sweet potato fries where good but undifferentiated from the fries elsewhere. The regular fries where quite good, and my fellow diners said the black bean burger and portobello burger where fairly enjoyable and the pulled "chicken" was "not bad". The pitcher of cocktail we ordered also had an unfortunate lack of flavor.

I would be willing to go back, if only to FINALLY try the avocado fries, and for the friendly staff. I would probably try the black bean burger or one of the other items we didn't have access to due to the limited menu.笑
The Good:

Black bean burger was the best bean patty I've ever had, bun was nice too. Fries were also great. Our server was fantastic.

The Meh:

The hand grenade cocktail had barely no taste, but a decent kick to it. Onion rings were okay, I prefer thinner ones, these are really thick.

The Bad:

Mac and cheese was bland and over cooked. The burger had barely and condiments on it, and it's pretty warm and loud in here at dinner time. Also, there a reduced menu for groups of seven (and having studied the menu online before hand, that was disappointing.)

Would definitely go back, but probably only for the vege burger.笑
Même lorsqu'on s'alimente de végétaux, on a besoin de "comfort food". On est servis au Gros luxe vegé! Friture, fromages et fauxmages, guacamole, "bacon" et j'en passe! Leur burger au portobello est copieux et savoureux! J'ai goûté à la poutine déjeuner et ça peut être le parfait hangover fix! Plein de patates! Parait que leur poutine du soir est faite avec des tater tots 

Le service est sympathique et je suis ravie de constater à quel point "enlever ci, ajouter ça" ne leur fait pas peur. 

L'emplacement, près du parc Lafontaine et métro Sherbrooke en fait un resto polyvalent où on peut aller à tout moment quand le frigo est vide!笑
A must meal and cocktails destination if up in Montreal!

If you are a vegan or a vegetarian you must go!
If you eat meat eater of any kind give it up for the night and go!
If you are in love with superb cocktails you must go!
If you like to hang out with a cool staff and killer bartenders you must go!

Just go dammit!

We are utterly blown away by the quality of food, cocktails, service, bartending, and vibe of this place. L'Gros Luxe 100% Végé is the real deal. It's everything you could ask for.

Amazingly delicious food. 
Awesome cocktails.
Funky chill atmosphere. 
Cozy and vintage decor.
Reminded us of a place you'd find in hipster Williamsburg, Brooklyn - but much better!

When we arrived the first night they had already closed the kitchen so we decided to return earlier the next evening to get a full dining and drinking experience here. It was our last night in town and this memorable meal was the cherry on top of our terrific vacation week.

Even though we arrived much earlier the place was getting crowded. Hours are 5pm - 10pm daily. We took seats at the bar and spent hours there in happy gluttony chatting with uber cool bartenders Axel and Kevin, along with some locals and fellow vacationers. Good times!

We were in awe as they prepared crazy libations with food items attached to them. Slinging drinks with aplomb. For dinner we tried a bunch of things and were blown away by them all.

Vegan poutine with tater tots, vegan pulled pork sandwich, vegan butter chicken salad bowl, and vegan desserts were to die for. All tasted amazing with melt in your mouth goodness.

Wonderful vegan food with a comfort food twist. A round of drinks and specialty shots on the house kept us there even longer. Happily I must say!

Oh yeah, next time we are in Montreal we will be back.

Just perfect!

C'est magnifique!笑
I came here on a night out with my very good friends, with a mixture of vegans, vegetarians and folks just looking for a nice meal. We came on a Saturday night and if you don't have a reservation, good luck waiting for a table!

Our server was super nice. She made jokes with us, checked up on us regularly and made sure our needs were met. It's a little small inside though so keep that in mind for any accessibility needs. We all ordered a round of drinks first. I ordered an Old Fashioned on the rocks and it was just what I needed after a long day. We also ordered our food and if I had only one complaint, it would be that it took way too long to come out! Luckily we were not the type of group to stop talking so it wasn't too bad until we realized we were all super hungry. I ordered their non-vegan Mac and Cheese which was the special of the night. They did offer a vegan version of the Mac and Cheese which our server said does taste like a goat cheese. I was happy with my dish and I rarely order Mac and Cheese but it was really, really good. There was a nice toasty crunch baked on top and I believe the macaroni that was used was spinach (because it was green), could be wrong but it was very good!

I would totally come back to try more of their food, especially their massive caesars with all of the fixings on top!!笑
Que dire... Une véritable tuerie. Le menu est super alléchant et il est difficile de faire un choix tellement tout semble délicieux. On a d'abord pris des quesadillas supplément tempeh, belle surprise. Pour le plat j'ai opté pour le grilled cheese aux betteraves et roquette option fromage vegan, mon cher et tendre s'est laissé tenter par le burger l'gros luxe, on a été conquis. 
Nous avons vraiment aimé notre expérience et allons y retourner prochainement. 
Seul bémol, l'attente. Nous avons déjà mis 1h15 pour avoir une table et nous avons attendu entre 20 et 30 minutes entre chaque plat. Il est donc préférable de réserver.笑
This place is absolutely amazing! The service was fast and efficient, and the food was incredible. 
I had the portobello burger (with added vegan cheese and shiitake bacon) and a side vegan poutine. The poutine was incredible, although the cheese looked strange it didn't lack in flavor at all, the portobello burger was crispy on the outside and juicy on the inside, it had a nice truffle mayo on top also. My friend had the mac n cheese with added bacon and shiitake mushroom chicken - the bacon was so good, it tasted bizarrely similar to real bacon, so we had to ask the waiter, and thank goodness, it was vegan. Overall I highly recommend this place!笑
Came here for brunch excited to try another vegan brunch place in Montreal with such an interesting menu but boy was it disappointing. 

While the service in itself was good, the food fell short. I took the breakfast poutine with vegan cheese and small regular pancakes on the side. As for my sister, whom I was with, she took the 'cure de lendemain de veille' which is described as tortillas with guacamole, salsa and scrambled eggs.

First, my sister's dish came with tortillas chips, as in what is used for nachos, not actual tortillas which is supposed to be flat bread. As for me, while I ordered regular pancakes, they brought out pancakes cooked with strawberries which I had not asked for. Also the food was bland and was not filling at all. In general, both our dishes were quite small when we specifically asked them of the portions to see if we would be full and call me crazy but I have high expectations for brunch portions to be bigger than other meals. I mean isn't that part of the whole brunch experience, for it to be decadent and filling?!!

All in all, I feel like we paid way more than it was worth.

I will not go back, at least not for brunch.笑
We were looking for a Vegan restaurant near and we found this place on Yelp. It just have 1 week since open and the place, food and staff are awesome! We order the soup of the day and two different tacos, the jackfruit and another one that I don't remember the name but it had chunks of some type of sandwich breaded and fried. The jackfruit was a little bit spicy for my taste but the fried one was AMAZING!!! Ohh...did I mention is Vegan??!!!!笑
First time going back since they converted this location to vegetarian/vegan and first time experiencing l'gros luxe at brunch time.
I had the breakfast poutine with added vege fried chicken and my friend had the scrambled tofu.
My plate was tasty and so fulling!!!
Only negative things I'd have to say is the vege chicken even though it had a great balanced texture was a bit too salty for my taste and some of the cheese curds were cold like they just got popped out of the fridge. I prefer when poutine cheese is room temperature and that's what gives it that squishy quality.
Playing non-stop reggae and R&B kinda didn't fit the ambiance of a sunday morning brunch but we just laughed about it.
My friend also enjoyed his meal and the fruits served in his plate were so fresh and sweet!
Will definitely return for more vegan/vegetarian yummy food. (:笑
I love the regular gros luxe, so I was really excited to try the gros luxe vege! 

It's as awesome as it's partners. I love the breakfast Poutine - the cheese tastes like regular cheese, which isn't common when it's the nondairy kind. 5/5

I haven't tried the night time menu yet but I look forward to it. 

The only reason I'm rating 4/5 stars is because I find the dishes a twinge too small for the price, but otherwise 5/5!笑
J'y suis allée un lundi soir, je me doutais donc que la place ne serait pas super remplie, parfait pour s'entendre parler. Et bien, je me suis trompée. L'acoustique est terrible. Malgré que le restaurant était à moitié plein j'avais du mal à entendre la personne en face de moi. En plus, je me sentais comme dans une serre, une telle chaleur! Le menu est varié, on en trouve pour tous les goûts. Même les mangeurs de viande seront satisfaits. Toutefois, un peu déçue qu'ils aient retiré du menu le burrito. Tsé quand tu penses commander ça et qu'on te dit qu'ils ont changé le menu la semaine d'avant, non mais la poisse!! En tout cas j'espère qu'ils penseront à le remettre ou enlever les photos du net car il donne l'eau à la bouche. Service très courtois, peut être un peu trop même, quand le serveur vient régulièrement essayer de te desservir, mais qu'il reste encore de la nourriture dans ton plat. J'ai pris le BBQ arménien c'était savoureux, portion un peu petite, mais comme cela ne coûte que 9 ou 10$ c'est raisonnable! Les frites de patates douces sont un must! J'ai apprécié le décor, avec toutes les plantes, les luminaires qui rendent l'endroit cosy. Bon spot pour se retrouver en amis, déguster une bonne bouffe et un de leurs cocktails.笑
I was already a fan of L'Gros Luxe in this location, so of course I wanted to try it now that's it's become 100% veggie.  And it did not disappoint!  We went for a a late lunch one sunny Friday afternoon, and the place was busy but not crowded.  The staff were friendly as per usual.  The menu was the expected L'Gros Luxe menu, just minus any meat, though the standard menu isn't particularly meat heavy anyways.

I had the portobello burger, and and it was delicious!  A healthy dose of carbs and fats!  I'm definitely not expected health food eating here, so this was just fine by me!  The "burger" is actually a breaded portobello cap, and it was dense and meaty, but also sort of slimey in that super delicious way mushrooms can be (or not, if that isn't your thing, but if it is, this is awesome!).

No meal at L'Gros Luxe would be complete without a ceasar, and I love that the menu has a "build your own" option.  They make 'em spicy but not too spicy, just right.笑
Du resto végé on en a pas tant que ça, dans les Montréals,  donc j'avais de hautes attentes.
Mais quand même, malgré les 3 étoiles que j'offre, voici les highlights:
-J'ai pris le Burger au "poulet" effiloché: mon dieu OUI, AMENEZ - EN 15 SVP. Il est un peu petit: prenez un à côté si vous voulez un repas complet.
-Les frites de patate douce: ALSO MENOUM
- Le cocktail à la cardamome était vraiment délicieux quoique un peu sucré.

Mes amies ont pris les tacos et le poulet au beurre: elles ont adoré.

Mais les choses qui ont fait baisser le rating:
- La fille à l'accueil a été ben avenante mais après,  le service est devenu très bof. On s'est fait enlever le pichet avant qu'il ait été vide (SACRILÈGE) et on nous a demandé plusieurs fois si on voulait autre chose OU la facture, bref ils avaient hâte qu'on parte, et on a passé comme une heure là au total... Calmez-vous, les peeps, on sait que y'a beaucoup de réservations mais on aimerait ça chiller un peu.
-La déco et le seating était vraiment sombre et tassé. On était au fond et on avait l'impression qu'il était minuit au lieu de 17h30. Si vous réussissez à avoir la banquette en avant, clairement vous allez monter votre rating :D
-Aussi j'ai commandé des rondelles d'oignons et méchant eesh. Pire à-côté.

Bref la bouffe OUI (sauf les rondelles), le service et l'ambiance MEH. J'y retournerais quand même, c'était chill!笑
Went for ruth today and felt let down by the food. French toast was gummy, waffle was hard and crumbly.... Few healthy options on the menu too. Nice environment. I hope this was an exception.笑
Initially we were really excited for another casual-type vegan spot to open (also, there's brunch!). We were pretty let down, however. While the service was really great and I enjoy the space (as I do with the other Gros Luxes) the (dinner) food and booze left something to be desired. My partner ordered the fried chicken sandwich and I had the butter chicken bowl. Both were extremely bland and his sandwich was almost entirely cold. The house wine we ordered I think had potential, but definitely had been corked too long ago. We wanted the dinner to redeem itself a bit so we ordered a giant slice of chocolate cake. I don't know what was up with that cake but it tasted like the back end of an old fridge and we weren't even collectively able to make it through half of it.
That evening and the following day both of us had indigestion. Suspicious. Suspicious indeed.
I'm going to give it another shot for brunch, mostly because we need more vegan brunch options but man oh man, I really hope we just hit l'Gros Luxe Veggie on an off night.笑
On a finalement réussi à venir dans cette antre du végétarisme !
Je vous conseille de réserver car la demande est forte, cela se fait par email.

Il y a pas mal de chose qui nous donnaient envie dans la carte et on a choisis de partager 2 plats qui sont le burger au "poulet" et la poutine vegan.
Les 2 étaient vraiment très bien. Mention spéciale au burger de faux poulet !
On a aussi testé le gateau végan au chocolat qui était sympa !

Sinon niveau boissons on est sur les standards du gros luxe.

En terme de service c'était par contre assez lent, on a du bien attendre 15-20 minutes pour un pichet et dans les 30-40 minutes pour être servis au niveau de la nourriture. C'est ce qui fait clairement perdre la 5ème étoile !
Les prix sont dans la moyenne.

Un endroit donc sympa, un peu bruyant mais qui offre des bonnes alternatives pour les végés/véganes :)笑
Delicious! Went in looking for a spot w grilled cheese and we're not disappointed. Also had onion rings which were buttery and great and a butter "chicken" rice and salad bowl made w shiitake mushroom "chicken." Lots of great options for vegetarians笑
Très bon rapport qualité prix. Les assiettes étaient très colorées et goûteuses ! J'ai trouvé qu'il y avait beaucoup de choix sur le menu (du santé comme du junk!). C'était ma première visite mais certainement pas la dernière! Je conseille le tartare de betterave et fromage de chèvre ou le chou fleur façon indienne :) Bon appétit笑
Ordered the pulled "chicken" sandwich--hands down the best faux meat sandwich I've ever had. The fries were a little bland and I don't understand the dressing that came on the salad (it was bright red but not flavorful) but the sandwich still makes this a five star place in my eyes. Also the staff were funny and cool, the atmosphere is dark and hip without being (too) pretentious, and the cocktails were solid. Went on a Friday night without a reservation, got seated at the bar immediately. Would definitely go back.笑
This place has an interesting vegetarian menu that you can't find elsewhere in Montreal (that I'm aware of). It's mostly decadent bar food like poutine, nachos, and mac'n'cheese. Pretty much everything can be made vegan, except for the fried pickles, which was oddly disappointing. It was one of the things that had been most highly recommended to me, and it seems bizarre that a restaurant that serves vegan chicken and cheese can't make a simple vegan batter. I did really enjoy the tandoori chicken salad though. The faux chicken was one of the best I've ever tried. There are also plenty of drink options, including beers, wine, and many cocktails. The service was excellent. While they seemd understaffed (I only noticed one person waiting tables) the server was extremely attentive and the food and drinks arrived quickly. A bit pricey for the quantities, but I think it's worth it considering how rare it is to find a bar serving vegan food in Montreal. The only other thing I noticed was the noise level - think bar volume, not restaurant volume. All in all though, would recommend!笑
Je place L'Gros Luxe 100% Végé dans la même catégorie que Lola Rosa: ce n'est clairement pas un restaurant végétarien aussi santé que Aux Vivres ou Crudessence, mais ça fait du bien de temps en temps! Que vous soyez végétarien à la recherche de comfort food ou que vous ayez simplement envie d'une pause de viande, L'Gros Luxe 100% Végé est à essayer. Même si la nourriture n'est pas particulièrement mémorable (les burgers, nachos, etc. sont assez classiques), les prix sont raisonnables et, surtout, l'endroit a beaucoup de charme. Il y a une certaine ambiance "vintage" qui convient parfaitement à un samedi soir. D'ailleurs, je craignais que le restaurant allait être assez bruyant mais, au final, la musique n'est pas trop forte (et on s'entend parler!). Le personnel est sympathique mais, malheureusement, l'employée qui nous a servis semblait un peu perdue et n'était pas attentionnée. Le temps d'attente était assez long, autant pour les drinks que pour les entrées et les plats principaux. Bref, je recommande L'Gros Luxe 100% Végé pour le souper mais, par contre, si vous êtes à la recherche d'un dessert pour conclure votre repas, je doute que vous trouverez votre bonheur (l'offre des desserts n'est ni étoffée, ni originale). Misez plutôt sur le hummus de betterave et L'Gros Burger Végé pour rassasier votre faim!笑
I have experienced this place at dinner time as well as lunch time and the difference in ambience is like day and night! In the evening they are full and there's always people waiting for a table at the door.  The acoustics is horrible, and it's quite noisy. 
During lunch it's a different story - the place is at least half empty, so it's quiet with cool tunes playing softly in the background and very pleasant to share a meal with friends without straining your voice. 
The service is very friendly and the food is OK as well. On our last visit, my partner had quesadillas: it was a small dish, but was enough for her, and suitable if you don't want to feel heavy after lunch. My friend had the burger vege which was good, but a little hard to eat, since the patty fell apart and outgrew the bun. I had the poutine grilled cheese with a side of onion rings (+$2). The onion rings were great and the  sandwich was a beautifully presented, but unfortunately they burned the bottom of the bread which made it a bit bitter.  While the cook  hid it very well, this dish should never have left the kitchen (I would have asked to change it if I wasn't very hungry and didn't want to waste more time waiting in the middle of a work day).
Don't know if I'll be back again...笑
J'ai été un peu déçu de ma visite. Pas au niveau du service, mais plus de la qualité et prix de la nourriture.
J'ai partagé avec une amie un pichet de sangria, la salade fattoush et le grilled cheese betteraves et roquette. La salade fattoush était bonne, mais rien d'extraordinaire. Le grilled cheese, vraiment ordinaire, était servi dans un pain blanc "cheap" et le fromage de chère était quasi non gouteux. Et la sangria avait beaucoup trop de glace. 
Bref, je n'y retournerai probablement pas, sauf s'ils reviennent à la formule 5$. Parce que pour la qualité, les prix sont trop élevés.笑
En plein changement d'alimentation (végétarienne depuis mai 2o16), je suis constamment à la recherche de chouettes endroits pour pouvoir manger sans me prendre la tête en lisant le menu et à devoir faire le tri entre les produits végétaux et animaliers ! Alors quand un établissement 100% végé ouvre, je suis toujours ravie d'essayer !
Je connaissais déjà avant qu'il ne devienne 100% végé (et quand je n'étais pas encore totalement végétarienne) et j'avais déjà bcp aimé. 
J'y suis allée pour un brunch un dimanche matin. Un des gros avantages, c'est qu'on peut réserver (nombreux sont ceux où ils ne prennent pas de résa la fin de semaine...), et on a bien fait puisque ça s'est vite rempli par la suite !
Ce que j'ai pris (Grilled Cheese "Green Goddess") était très bon, en revanche pas assez copieux pour un brunch... J'avais encore faim après avoir fini, c'est dommage. 
L'endroit est propre, calme, cosy, pas bruyant.
Les serveurs sont agréables et sympathiques. 
Les plats sont variés et très bons, copieux dans la majorité des cas. 
Bref, je recommande fortement pour les végé mais aussi pour les non-végé (ceux qui étaient avec moi ont adoré !)笑
C'est un peu l'événement montréalais de l'année de 2016 pour moi : L'enseigne du Gros Luxe ouvre un restaurant 100% végé avec pleins d'options végétaliennes! 
OK! On a attendu quelques semaines avant de tester histoire d'attendre que l'affluence retombe. Bon le point positif est qu'il est possible de réserver car l'affluence n'est pas encore retombée!
Le lieu est bruyant, vivant et décoré à l'image des autres restaurants de la même enseigne. 
Je suis mitigée sur le service... les deux personnes qui faisaient le placement des tables étaient adorables mais notre serveuse un peu hautaine... mais les premières semaines ont du être intenses donc je lui laisse le bénéfice du doute! 
En fait, tout est plus ou moins végétalien de ce que j'ai compris mais il y a des options végétariennes (avec du fromage quoi) pour ceux qui le souhaite! 
La poutine végétalienne était vraiment bonne! Classique mais bonne! 
Le burger au faux poulet était déroutant, pour quelqu'un qui n'a pas mangé de viande depuis plusieurs mois c'est perturbant mais vraiment bon!
Le gâteau au chocolat est bon mais pas d'explosion de saveurs non plus..
J'y retourne pour tester le brunch bientôt et je vous reviens là-dessus!