Very Slow service. Took at least 7 minutes for someone to acknowledge us at our table. The food was decent however.笑
Surprised by the 3.5 star count.

Wife and I have been here a few times and this is our go-to Mexican restaurant.  We usually start with a single avocado guacamole.  I love how someone comes to your table, cuts up the avocado, and adds all the toppings you like to it.  Very personalized!

Wife usually goes for the enchilada and I go for the mixed fajita and both are excellent笑
While I wanted to give 5 stars for the salsa and flauntas I got. The lack luster Texas fajitas ruined the meal for my hubby. He described them as veggie overload with bits and pieces of scrap meat thrown in. The meat in my flauntas was very tasty. The cheese enchiladas were good but strange as they had only cheddar cheese and no sauce of any kind. We will likely return and try new entrees. The 3 sauces with the chips were all phenomenal!笑
Food quality was great. Service was timely.  Quantity of food was plentiful.笑
I ordered the fajitas for dinner. The chicken was seasoned to perfection!! My children weren't happy with their meals so I will be back alone or just with hubby!!笑
Best Mexican restaurant in Charlotte....love this place! Food is Amazing! Tacos are AWESOME :-) ....笑
Mediocre at best, although it was really busy so perhaps we were the minority. Tried to customize our order slightly and ended up with the wrong meat and cheese. Mojito tasted like it was out of a bottle. Not bad, per se, but i wouldn't return.笑
Jump right in the margaritas are fine! Its a restaurant with a lot of character. I came on karaoke night which was done completely in Spanish! How awsome is that. From just walking in the door could tell this place wasn't you average Mexican spot. The menu offers what I took to be more traditional Spanish dishes and not just chimis and taco salads.  The service was prompt and adequate to be fair I came late night. I got the milanesa....AMAZING. DEEP FRIED STEAK.  The food put me over the moon and the barkeeps were on it. The food is worth what you pay for. The amount you get on your plate is enough to feed a small family and a horse! Well maybe not the horse too but you won't leave hungry. All and all the restaurant is worth your time believe me you won't be disappointed.笑
I went here for lunch today because I love their food.  However, I was really disappointed when the waiter cheated me and my friend out of our money.  I asked for a margarita (while looking at the specials menu which was $5.99).  He asked if I wanted a fresh margarita and I said yes, while looking at the specials menu.  Next, when we ordered our meal I said I want a lunch special $5.99 (substitute the tostada for an enchilada).  And my friend said the same.  We got our check.  He charged me for a regular margarita ($12) and both of us for a more expensive meal (close to $9).  When I complained about the drink he said I told you about the FRESH margarita.  I was like you saw me looking at the specials you should have explained the difference in price.  I did not realize the difference in price for my meal until I got home.  They are thieves.  Do not go here unless you want to be tricked into spending more money than you expect.笑
Food was really tasty and authentic. The service was also excellent from the waitress that we had. Definitely one of the better Mexican restaurants in the area. It was my first visit to a Don Pedro's and I was pleasantly surprised. The atmosphere took me to Mexico and I would definitely recommend this place if you are looking for a new Mexican spot.笑
Great decor almost like Mexico City. Good authentic service and quality food though fairly normal selections. Good for larger groups too.笑
The service was excellent and fast, but the food was bland and disappointing. My boyfriend got chicken nachos and they were topped with cheddar cheese instead of queso which tasted like the cheap type you make in college with a toaster oven. They also had cheddar cheese smothering the quesadilla until you had to peel the congealed cheese off to see any of the quesadilla. We decided to try their tres leche cake for dessert hoping that the dessert would save the dinner. The cake (which should be very moist from the different milks) was dry and grainy.

We're super easy to please with Mexican restaurants so I'm surprised everything was so off the mark- especially with the restaurant's 4 stars.笑
Very good food! You get a lot of food for your money. The servers are always very friendly and attentive as well. I always get nachos and everything is DELICIOUS, I even purchased their Groupon deal. Only reason they don't get 5 stars is because their "birthday song" for guests is extremely loud and disruptive. They use loud whistles, bells and the whole nine, you can't even hear the people at your table while it's going on. Other than that, great restaurant!笑
My friend used to work here and he ended up quitting after about  month because of lousy managers, he said they didn't care about costumer service at all and all they wanted was your money. As for my experience there, the food was ok, price was a bit high but you do get a lot of food, not really my "go to" place for Mexican food but y'all can decide for yourselves.笑
Great food and great service! We had the chicken and the steak fajitas and they were delicious! Big portions! Yummy guacamole made fresh at your table...I ordered a regular margarita and was HUGE...it was literally 3 drinks in one! I could not finish it. (The margarita was $10). My only negative was that they didn't list the prices of the alcoholic beverages. It's ambiance was festive and their booths and bar chairs are made from hand carved wood from Mexico. We did not order dessert (too stuffed!) but the menu had 8 choices and they all looked amazing. The server brought us a cinnamon fried tortilla with whipped cream and raspberry sauce and it was awesome!笑
This place was amazing. I took my large family here and everything we had was amazing. For $38, we were all full. My waiter was the best I've had in North Carolina. We've eaten everywhere between Raleigh, here, Wilmington and New Bern and this has been the best place for food, atmosphere, and service.笑
We had a Groupon that had to be used at this location. A little out of our way, but we like Don Pedro. Unfortunately it will probably be our first and last time there. The restaurant was very nice, and the staff very friendly, but the kitchen wasn't on their game. Hubby ordered 2 Burritos - one beef, one chicken - both came out chicken. I ordered the ground beef burrito - also came out chicken. Maybe they were out of beef and thought we wouldn't notice.笑
The food was really good!  The waitress was very attentive and everyone was very friendly.  I had a delicious margarita!  The portions are very generous.  I had to take part of the meal home.  I would definitely recommend this place and I will definitely go back again!笑
My first visit to Don Pedro's was underwhelming at best, but i was in the area today and decided to give it another try. ( I was craving Mexican food and my go-to spot- Three Amigos on Central Ave was too far out of the way)  One thing I've noticed about the typical Mexican restaurants around here- Don P's, Monterey, Zapata's- the local chains- is the service is always rushed.  When I am treating myself to a meal out, I like to relax, have a drink and enjoy some chips and salsa before my food arrives.  I have learned that if I order my meal while ordering my first drink, the microwaved plate of goo usually beats my Margarita to the table.  That said, I put off ordering until I have had my drink, enjoyed some chips and salsa, etc.  This does not stop the waiter- who was very pleasant and friendly- from coming over to my table every 3-4 minutes asking if I am ready to order.  I hate feeling rushed- I rush all day during the week for work, so when i have free time, like to enjoy a less hurried pace.  
Anyway, my meal - I ordered off the lunch menu for $6.95- which is  a good value.  I got one taco and a cheese enchilada.  The food, of course came out quickly- fresh out of the microwave.  The ground beef in the taco was of no better taste/quality  than taco bell, and my cheese enchilada was a mushy pile of cheddar cheese.  The food was loaded with salt- and I am a person who like salt and uses it fairly liberally so if it's too salty for me, than well...  The salt overwhelmed the cheese enchilada and re-fried beans.  As for the enchilada, I'm not even sure if it was in a enchilada shell/wrapper- it was so salty and mushy from being microwaved I couldn't tell- no other seasoning, sauce, onions in the enchilada, just the overly salty microwaved cheese.  I will not be back.  Too bad- this place is not too far for me to drive and the space- altho the decor a bit chotzke- is nice, and very clean.  I also like their outdoor patio.  I would return for a margarita and chips on the patio but won't return nor spend money on their microwaved food.笑
Food was fair, place is ok except the glass on the table is broken and the place could use a good cleaning, especially the cheap the silverware (yuk). More importantly we were both overcharged for both dinners. Waiter questioned and was told there was an upcharge for the combination I ordered. This is not listed on the menu anywhere. Waiter agreed but no change made to bill. No reason for my dates dinner overcharge. Did not want to fight anymore in front of date so I paid. I will vote with my feet and not return. Unreal, left a bad taste in my mouth....customer lost for good.笑
I've never had better service at a mexican restaurant.  The food is great as well.  Don't skip getting the cheese dip.  It is killer.  Our 9 month old boy knocked over my drink as soon as I got it.  The staff was so friendly with getting it cleaned up and making sure our experience was excellent.  I think that this is now my go to mexican restaurant in University Charlotte.笑
Ok, if you have been to Mexico and love real Mexican food you will want to be here. 
The portions are huge...32 ounce beers? And large round plates full of food.
And the food is muy sabroso. The real deal. The pollo poblano is great. The Azteca burrito is very special. 
This is an easy recommendation.笑
Went here tonight by accident, we were looking for a steakhouse that closed down nearby and discovered Don Pedros. The atmosphere is fun and party like. Service is good. The food is fresh but taste is just acceptable. We had the mixed seafood platter and gaucamole. The salt content of everything is high and the margarita was way way overpriced and not good. This is not going to be my go to place for good Mexican food, only for dining in a fun atmosphere. My go to places for food will be on North Tryon or even On the Border is better. But I think this place did a great job of decorating and creating a good social and relaxed atmosphere. Definitely worth checking out for the atmosphere and service, food just happens to be available as well.笑
Went here with the husband one of the first evenings they were open maybe a month or two ago. This place by far has the best service with super friendly and helpful staff. If weather permits, seating in the outdoor patio is a must! Very nice waterfall wall and palm trees beg you to order just one more margarita. I wasnt too hungry so ordered taco salad, which was good, but the meat was a bit bland (but no doubt, still good food... And cheap!), and the hubby ordered carne asada which was delish. 
Trying to talk the other half into taking me back for dinner tonight!笑
The food was ok. Desert was delicious however I would've like a little bit more personality from the waitresses . Once we were done with our food and paid our waitress was no where to be seen . She also didn't smile much and was very short . We were placed in a booth that wasn't in the best condition as the leather was torn . And it also took a decent amount of time for someone to order the food and she didn't introduce herself or say that she would be our server .笑
Dios Mio man...Dios mio ! --De Jesus

This is my "go to" restaurant for authentic mexican food. Between la comida y drinks especial....you cannot go wrong with this place. Best mexican food in town and if you need more spice on your dish...ask for "chile de arbol" salsa. Your ass may regret this but your taste buds will not. Seriously...Spice is life and this stuff will jumpstart the weakest of hearts. I recommend ordering  off the authenticate dishes as they truly make it worth while. Mexican restaurants offer so many combos that the authenticity gets lost in the details. Stick with the main dishes or order the tacos.... not ground beef tacos..but the tacos with backbone.笑
When it comes to Don Pedro, I definitely enjoy my time. The staff was friendly, the food was delicious and the layout of the place was very relax and chill. This place is definitely a great to come and get a nice meal at a good price. I originally came because me and a coworker were watching a soccer game before heading to work and from the moment I arrived they were always helpful and simply ready for all of our orders. I had the queso dip which was perfect in every aspect. The texture, taste and thickness were simply all on point. Plus, I ordered two mai thais and although strong in alcohol, it was still good. Anyway, I had some fish tacos and let me tell you, although the tacos were small, everything else will get you full. A lot of fish bits, a lot of rice and lots of black beans, I have to say you will end up taking some home. I will have to recommend this place to anyone looking for some good Mexican Food in the University area and you have to stop by so you can get your grub on.笑
Good food! 

Whenever I go for Mexican food I usually get the carnitas. The nachos are amazing! The food was good and they give you large portions. The chips and salsa are great too!笑
A friend from out of town and I were driving through the Uni area in Charlotte looking for somewhere to stop for lunch when she suggested the giant orange building we were driving by... for some reason I had never seen this giant glaringly bright orange building before, but figured what the hell, let's eat at the orange place.  I was surprised to find out it was a Don Pedro, I frigging love Don Pedro! Why didn't anybody tell me this was here?
The atmosphere is great, the interior is very Mexican. They give you THREE salsas, 3 free salsas when you sit down and warm chips.  Then the guacamole cart rolls on by, that stuff is awesome.  
The staff here is attentive, friendly and helpful with the menu.  And the menu, ahh.. the menu, it's huge! I've had the tacos and ACP, both great choices.  This is truly one of the best Mexican joints in Charlotte and I'm so happy they opened in the University area!

And anywhere I get to show off my high school Spanish skills is a win in my book.笑
Love Don Pedro's the food is great, the prices are good (better for lunch) and the place is so nice. Also the service is really good which is what I look for the most.笑
Absolutely amazing food for a great price. Fresh guacamole that they make in front of you is wonderful. Ordered the steak fajitas and my husband ordered the chicken fajitas. I preferred the steak but both were good. You also get a lot of food for the price.笑
This was my first visit to Don Pedro. Let me start by saying that the service was excellent. Our waiter was very attentive and available at a moment's notice. 

The food was good but not the best I've had. But decent nonetheless. I really liked their guacamole. 

All in all, a solid Mexican restaurant worthy of a return visit.笑
Well- since I got my margarita, guacamole, and dinner minutes apart, I couldn't really enjoy any of it .  Had the pork carnitas and they were fine, but really felt ripped with the timing of this meal.  The funny thing is that I waited for 20 minutes to get my money.  This is the 2nd time I've come here and honestly, I don't think it's worth the money.笑
If I could give them a 0 I would!! Aweful customer service!!!!!!  I will never return. Manager was rude and disrespectful.笑
Just an average restaurant with RUDE managers.  I used a groupon here before.  No problems.  Went back a couple of months later and they would not let me use another groupon stating I didn't order enough food.  Are you freaking kidding me...my table was covered in dirty plates.  To make the long story short....you don't offer groupons and then taken it upon yourself to change the rules of the groupon...Idiots!!  I would eat here once a week, they knew me by name, but because I had a groupon everything changed.  So trust me....don't eat at this dump!!笑
Been here three times and have never been disappointed.  In a world of mediocre wait staff you will not find that here. (We feel like there's a parade in our honor every time we walk through the door!)  The fresh margarita is yummy, and my go-to dish is the Pollo con Crema.  While Don Pedro's might not be the most authentic Mexican fare, it's pretty inexpensive.  You'll eat till you explode and still have plenty left for the takeout box.  And the super friendly staff will point you to some of the more obscure Mexican bakeries, etc. in Charlotte.  And if they recommend them, I'm on it.笑
Average in every way, Don Pedro reminds me of a place my cousins love in Texas. It's as white-America as you can get with still having Hispanic people work at your restaurant.

Cheesy decor? Check!

Big menu with essentially 10 items rearranged? Check!

Waiter that hits on me in front of my mom and sister? Check, and GROSS!

Seriously, this place is OK but do yourself a favor and come on down to Central Ave and East Charlotte - I promise you there are 2873298362879632 places that are better, fresher, more authentic and less likely to sexually harass you.笑
Great food, spot on service and a pleasant atmosphere made this my new favorite Mexican restaurant. Normally my wife and I order Mexican food by the numbers, but decided to branch out this time. My wife ordered the Arroz con Pollo and fell in love. Large portions served hot and fast. I ordered the pork Chili Verde and wil be ordering it again on our next visit. Skillfully prepared and great presentation made Don Pedro's a hit with us. The only reason there aren't 5 stars on this review is that the lights were a tad bright. Trivial I know, but if the lighting had been just a bit softer, this would have been a perfect 5.笑
I enjoy eating here as it's always on the short list of a friend of mine.  While I have found lower prices elsewhere, I certainly wouldn't call this place expensive.  

I very much enjoy the fresh salsa and chips, and love their chimis.  You can't go wrong with this place.  And they always bring us a little desert at the end of the meal.  I don't know exactly what it's called, but it's fried tortilla with honey and whipped cream.  Perfect way to round out the meal!笑
We tried this place over the weekend and were pleasantly surprised. I would recommend sharing a plate because the portions are huge. Fresh Guac made at your table and the service was amazing. Their staff is on it. Everyone was happy with their food and the kids were excited they had fresh horchata. My husband and I will have to return without the kids so we can try a margarita. Recently moving from California we are always looking for good Mexican food that reminds us of home and this place is great.笑
Don Pedro is one of my favorite Mexican restaurants in Charlotte. My family and I have been there several times and we are rarely disappointed. The chips, salsa and pico de gallo are good. I love getting the fresh guacamole that they prepare at the table in front of you. We went there on a Sunday night once and they were out of avocados. I was devastated, to say the least.

My favorite meal is the chicken chalupa and chicken enchilada combination. Their combinations are the way to go in my opinion. My sister always gets the steak and chicken fajitas. The margaritas are good too and are always on point.

I took off one star because the service can be hit or miss. One time we had several different servers check on us and we asked each of them for another silverware and napkin set because my dad didn't get one. Each of them said yes but never came back. My dad finally had to ask the manager when he came with the food and then he finally got it. 

Another time we went and had the opposite issue - the waitress literally checked on us every MINUTE. I wish I was exaggerating.  We could barely have a conversation without her showing up and asking us if we needed something. It was beyond irritating and we all left seriously annoyed! Another time my parents went without me and they served my dad a beer in a HOT mug. He complained and they immediately brought a new one, but seriously? HOT BEER? LOL

So all in all - great food, but needs to work on service issues.笑
I was taken here on a date and we had gotten here late, but they were happy to serve me and everyone who came in after me, even though it was 10pm on a Thursday. I had the Mexican stir fry and I couldn't had been happier with the quality of my food. It was delicious and one of the most authentic Mexican restaurants I've been to in my life. The wait staff was nice, and they made the guacamole in front of you which was absolutely splendid.笑
Overpriced taco bell food....literally served food on taco bell shells and served as Mexican tacos.  The only things that saves this place is the service and fresca margaritas笑
I can't remember what I had the last time, but it was a special on the lunch menu and it had beef in it (like that helps you out a lot right now). I will have to come back and order it again and then revisit my review. The chips appetizer you get before your meal is way better than other other places down the street. And when I say way better, I mean they don't taste burned. I saw they have a big space towards the back of the restaurant, with big, guilded chairs and a huge mirror. I want to come back and sit in that area!笑
The food and service were both amazing.  I got the peach margarita, the fiesta nachos, and some flan for dessert.  The place is awesome inside.笑
I've been several times now, and more impressed each time. Great service-- sometimes TOO often coming by to ask how their new "amigo" is...but that's a small issue. Great food, with good variety on the menu. LOTS of it too. By far my favorite Mexican in this area.笑
I came here with some colleagues on a business trip. The decorations were impressive. The food was decent and the price was okay. I'm not wholly impressed with anything else in particular though.笑
First time at this restaurant. The salsa and table side guacamole was very good. My husband and I both had quesadillas fajita style. Very big portions and it was excellent.Our waitress was also excellent. .we were disappointed that it was her last day working there because she had to go take care of her mother. I would definitely recommend this restaurant.笑
For the people who follow my reviews, I have neglected to recount the experience that really started this entire adventure that my girlfriend and I have made of finding new places to eat.  This was the first place that she took me the first time that I came to visit her in Charlotte, NC.  She claimed that it was better than Guadalajara, a local-to-me Mexican restaurant, mainly because it was authentic (whatever that could mean - she is Spanish, not Mexican!).

I knew from the start that it was going to be interesting, for everyone is dressed up in cultural clothing as you walk in.  When you are seated, they bring you two types of "salsas," one that is what you would expect, and one that I recently heard our server refer to as pico de gallo, although I have always thought of it as some sort of slaw.  Both are incredibly fresh, and if you order the table-side guacamole, you are continuing to take in the fresh flavors that this place has to offer (also the great service, as they will prepare the guacamole to your liking).

Upon my girlfriend's recommendation, we ordered the vegetarian express burrito, a burrito filled with rice, beans, cheese, lettuce, and tomato, and topped with sauce and guacamole (not as fresh as the table-side guacamole but still delicious).  This burrito is large, large enough that two people can easily split it, especially after filling up with guacamole beforehand.  It is fresh and filling, two things that we look for, being vegetarian.

When you are finished, they bring out little sopapilla-type chips, covered in whipped cream and strawberry sauce.  Even if you are full to the brim, you can finish one of these little bites, and it makes for a perfect ending to a perfect meal.  We have definitely come to expect them at the end, knowing exactly how full we will be upon leaving.

One thing I would note is to beware of the large guacamole if you are a party of two for two reasons.  First, there is a potential for it to fill you up and dominate your meal, instead of accentuate it.  Secondly, I noticed after a while that my check was quite high after only ordering one entree, and I figured out that the large guacamole actually costs more than the vegetarian express burrito.

I have given this establishment five stars because, as my girlfriend boldly claimed when we first went there, it is better than Guadalajara.  Everything about this place makes it unique, but it is not unique in any way that makes it seem a little off.  Veronica, a server that we have come to regularly have, knew what we wanted the last time we visited.  We were (stupidly) thinking of trying something new, but in the end, we decided that to us, the vegetarian express burrito was what makes this place so great.  She was happy to know that she remembered our order perfectly, and we were happy to feel so at home.笑
The food here is great. More than other restaurants we have been to. Love the staff outfits, it is like they take pride in where they work. Will be back笑
This place is awesome! Went here on a date with my husband because a friend recommended it. It's spacious, has lots of room for many guests and parties. The decor is nice and reminds me of the authentic Mexican restaurants from my home town. Usually I'm very disappointed in the "authentic" Mexican restaurants I've found in North Carolina. The flavor is usually bland and leaves me craving much better food. This place... We ordered one of their large platters and I was SO happy to find that their food tasted amazing! The shrimp, the chicken, the steak, all so good and cooked perfectly. The service was good but the only thing is they forgot a small dish of received beans, they were happy to bring it to me once I brought it to their attention, only reason for 4 stars instead of 5. There was also a cute little boy who would come up to our table and ask us if we wanted any more food, if the service was good, you can tell he wants to serve the family business well :) I recommend this place to everyone! You will definitely enjoy the food and the great customer service!笑
This was a great find. We walked right in with plenty of seating for a big party. Right away we had chips, salsa and drinks. The waiter was very quick and keep our cups full. The food was delicious. The servings are HUGE. So come hungry or you can share a plate. We would recommend this place to our friends笑
Good start: the 32" dos x is $5.99. Fajitas $8.99 authentic looks, service and food,
Lovin it!笑
I love Don Pedro, the coupon they sent out in the mail was what lured us to try it. I absolutely love this restaurant and it is my new favorite Mexican restaurant in University.笑
The food wasn't awful but I can say it was the worst Mexican food I have ever had. I got the shrimp fajitas and it was obvious that there was no seasoning whatsoever on my shrimp. That being said it was $7 so ehhhhh.笑
One thing I really miss about Charlotte is the awesome Mexican restaurants in close proximity to the University area. Don Pedro is among one of my two favorite Mexican places! 

It's a fairly new restaurant to the area, I think it opened about two years ago if I'm not mistaken.

It's also kind of tucked away in a corner, so it's not a place you'll easily see from the road.

...but despite its limited visibility, the guacamole here is some of the best I've ever had!
It's about $5-$7 including tip to have someone come to your table and make guac fresh at your table. Now I realize that a lot of places do this, but Don Pedro's has big portions and something about it just tastes better than the other places!

I am pretty boring when it comes to Mexican restaurants...I always order the exact same thing everywhere I go...and it's not because I'm afraid to branch out....I just really love a cheese enchilada, refried beans, and a chalupa on the side. 

The quality of the enchilada is how I rate said Mexican restaurants.

Don Pedro gets a 9/10.

I've always had really attentive service here too and a bountiful amount of chips and salsa.笑
Super disappointing Mexican restaurant. Not only is the service bad, but the food is the most Americanized Mexican fare I've had outside of Taco Bell. That might be OK if it was at least good, but the result is mediocre at best.笑
Don Pedros is definitely my go to for authentic Mexican food. The portions are more than enough for 2 meals!  My favorite entrees are the Fajitas Texacanos or the fajitas quesadillas. The fried ice cream is a must try as well! 

Service: Always fast and friendly. I have never waited for a table at Don Pedro's, the dining area is pretty big.

Value: There are a lot of options on the menu and the prices are very reasonable. I would suggest sharing a plate or take left overs for lunch the next day.笑
CUIDADO!! Beware! Managers are racists!! I am a US citizen & have never been treated unfairly in a restaurant..! aqui solamente pueden tomar bebidas alcholicas los Ciudadanos de Estados Unidos. Vine aqui con unas amigas las cuales. Pedimos unas bebidas. Nunca hemos tenido problema en tomar. Y nos pidieron id del DMV or passaporte. Solo tenian ID del estado que donde quiera se puede aceptar. Y le dije al manager " Cuantos hispanos indocumentados no estan atiendiendo al dia? Me dijo. Se nos ha pasado uno que otro...pero tienen que tener documentos legales.
Imajinense! La humillasion que tiene que pasar un hispano. Solo por no tener papeles. 
Aurita en este momento estamos disfrutando nuestros cantaritos en otro restaurante mexicano El Azteca. El cual no difaman a una persona por ser illegal!!笑
Always a solid choice.  It is our go to restaurant.  Carne Asada tacos and fresh made guac is awesome!笑
Very disappointed. The service wasn't good, we had to track her down to order, she checked some while we ate then had to track her down for our check. My avocado tostada had 3 small pieces of avocado, I was expecting more. My husband had the deluxe burrito, he said it was pretty good but something he could've easily just made at home. The worst part was the queso!! It tasted EXACTLY like store bought from a can with the little jalapeños in it. SO disappointing! Mexican restaurants usually have the best cheese dip, not this place!!! We won't be back笑
No, thanks. We were visiting Charlotte to move my son to college. I love Mexican, Tex-Mex, Faux Mexican but this was not it! The best part of my meal was at the end. They gave us fried tortilla triangles with whip cream, cinnamon, and syrup. Though reasonably priced, the food was bland, and they wouldn't accomdate any changes. My 8-month pregnant daughter wanted white queso instead of crema. That was a no. Though it is a meal offered at other locations. Maybe they aren't affliated? The worse part was when they were on a ladder beside our table screwing in speakers with the AC repairman cleaning the vents and dropping the debris. Really, right now?笑
Waitress was good. Got our food & didn't really like it. I tried to eat it but barely touched anything but the rice. I was full on chips and didn't feel like I could eat another dish. When I asked for it to be taken off the bill (which I NEVER do), the manager YELLED at me. My boyfriend and I were appalled. He was being beyond rude, so much my boyfriend almost lost his cool and had to ask the manager to leave the table. Needless to say.. we will never return. Nothing was resolved and we paid $35 for food we were grossed out by.笑
Massive food portions and massive beers, is there anything better? It's great value for the food, if you can't eat all of it in one sitting you get lunch the next day. The place is lively and fun and the staff is attentive. This is one of my favorite places in the UNCC area.笑
Managed to squeeze in some foodie time during a weekend trip to Charlotte, the food here was absolutely delicious.  The plates were big and plentiful. Definite going to be a stop every time I visit.笑
Great service and Margaritas very good order Campechana and got Shrimp and octopus only NOT Campechana笑
I love cocktail here. Enthusiastic bartender. Good place to make new friends. I love weekend condition when everyone sing, the good place for family  reunion  o coworkers meeting! Staffs in Mexican uniform look interesting. Even if I come alone, bartender always willing to chat with me when they're not too busy. About karaoke, customers can find song by themselves through internet, that's why I sang in Vietnamese and others customers they even courage me! I had so much fun here. Thanks笑
The food wasn't bad but it was bland.  The give us a lot of meat on the Fajitas but not taste whatsoever.  The margaritas are always delicious but need it more tequila. The restaurant was ok but I don't think I would pay over price Mexican Food for this quality.  The service was Ok笑
The food is good- the portions are huge, even for the lunch combos.  The staff is friendly, and the decor is very cute.笑
Stopped by after shopping to do take out. Saw how extremely nice, clean and authentic inside, I decided to sit down in the bar area to watch boxing. Love Boxing. 

My Waiter was very nice, called me "Senorita" and just little things aside from not having napkins nor eating utensils, that was quickly resolved.

I could have ordered something more mexican authentic, but for the first time I always order a mixed fajita (chicken, beef and shrimp) to review if I would return.

Well, another post stated it was bits and pieces of scrap meat thrown in; this is correct.  It had NO taste until the middle when it got tastier. The red and green peppers as well as the onions were not overcooked.  That being said, 3 Amigo's had the best mixta fajita over all the Mexican places I've patronized.

Upon leaving, the Mariachi Band was beginning to play, but is was 10:30 and I wasn't drinking.  It would have been nice to hear and watch boxing while eating.

I will return to try another dish as the atmosphere was enlightning.  Hopefully the a new dish will be too.笑
There are so many highlights of my visit, I don't even know where to start. The fresh guacamole is like no other. I was very impressed that they actually make it  at your table. The seafood quesadilla was seasoned very well and the margarita was excellent!笑
Having adopted a new family member from the Humane Society in Charlotte our available dining choices dwindled dramatically.  Don Pablo has made us feel like family. The outdoor area is great if you have dogs. We would really like to compliment our server, Hector.  Always attentive, his recommendations are always spot on, and he is very efficient.  Hector is also great fun to visit with and it's obvious that he loves people which makes our visits there so enjoyable.笑
Everything was perfect. The food tasted amazing. The margaritas where fantastic. The service we received was that of a five star restaurant. I'm in love with the furnature. The table and chairs are so unique.