Well for once they got my order right, got it quick, the food was warm, I cant believe it.  They even provided napkins and condiments!  My coffee was perfect, the bag was not soaked with grease, I even detected a hint of a smile on the face of the person who handed me my meal.    I have waited so long for this moment to write on Yelp that my greasy drive thru breakfast was all that i hoped it would be, and today is the day.
I think all the fast-food planets have alligned and the universe has smiled upon me
How awesome is that?
If only they would go back to using Heinze Ketchup, instead of that tomatoesque congealed tomato dung they put in the bag, it would be a 4 starǾ
I went through drive through few days ago and they have redeemed themselves. My food was hot and my order was correct. I was a very happy customer even improved my rating by one starǾ
Now listen I am a regular customer at McDonald's.  I have eaten filet-o-fishes for over 27 years of my life, 2 times a week.  And I know what the fuck a Filet o Fish is supposed to taste like ok??????

There is a severe lackage of tarter sauce, and the cheeze was not melted in a manner that is suitable....

Lol.  Its McDonalds guys.  Why you reading this.  Go in and eat if you feel like it :-)Ǿ
Very slow service. Quick to take your money, then you wait for your food. This is rare for the usually sppedy fast food conglomerante. Waited 20 minutes for our food. Never again.Ǿ
This establishment's employees are very kind and polite, and I've never had them do any wrong with my orders over the last few years. I never wait too long for my meals, even during peak hours, and the employees are pretty capable. They try their hardest to make customers feel satisfied, and this is accomplished. This McDonald's feels very human, and that's not something I always experience at McDonald's locations (especially in the city).

The environment of this particular McDonald's is very soothing, especially late at night when not many people are in there. The interior design is very calming and it's definitely a treat to the eyes. There are seating arrangements for everybody (individual diners, pairs/couples, small families, large groups). As well, they tend to play classical music over the speakers to give it a 'classy' touch, which is an interesting move for a McDonald's.

However, my one complaint about this place is that, because this is basically the only McDonald's in Pickering, they get a fair number of rowdy teens in there. Basically every time I've sat in this restaurant, save for late at night, there's been groups of individuals messing with the surroundings and yelling profanities within close proximity to children. My only concern with this establishment is that employees don't bother to remove persons that are disrespecting the location, even if they've exceeded the posted 30 minute seating limit and are acting incredibly disrespectful.

But, even though they do tend to get at least one group of rowdy guests here, every other aspect of the establishment redeems it. It's one of my preferred McDonald's to go to when I'm in the mood for some good ol' fast food.Ǿ
I tend to use the drive thru most often. The food is McDonald's but the drive thru is often really slow. That's a shame as if I am going thru a drive thru I am in a hurry.Ǿ
I have always loved this location ever since I was a child. Today I walked in with my family around 2 pm and we were a approached by a team leader that efficiently took our order with the new POS system that was convenient in very fast manner. She also was very polite and brought our food to our table when it was ready. I forgot her name but I believe it started with a c or a k. The food was hot and delicious. Our order was also correct and over all five stars. I highly recommend this location.Ǿ
OK, it is McDonalds so you don't expect much as far as good food, but you at least expect to get a full serving of what you order.  We went there last night to use a coupon for two regular McFlurries for $5.  My husband got the Creme Egg McFlurry  and he was OK, although the chocolate was not very good and definitely not Cadbury.  I got the Oreo McFlurry and and while I tasted OK, they did not even come close to filling my cup.  It was at least an inch below the top of the cup!  I asked the server why wasn't it filled and she said "oh that happens sometimes when I mix it" and walked away.  She did not offer to remake it or at least top it up with ice cream.  Not very good customer service.  I definitely filled in the customer feedback survey and ripped them up.  Hopefully I get at least a coupon for my trouble!Ǿ
Renovated again and also nice inside. This location gets hella busy.Ǿ
This McDonald's has a really nice interior and a unique sitting area for families larger than four just outside the play pen. 

The food quality and taste is consistent with any McDonald's and even though the place is always busy, they hustle you through quickly.

The only downside to this particular McDonald's is the parking lot. It's small, tight and poorly laid out. You're probably better off parking more in the Home Outfitters lot.Ǿ
McDonalds is the same everywhere and you get what you go for, in this case breakfast. Good sausage and egg mcmuffin and hash browns BUT the tea was awful. First they put the milk in the cup and then the teabag... absolutely useless for making tea. I went back and asked for the milk separate and they did, BUT the tepid water was better suited to making iced tea. Food was fine but I just got another reminder that I'm a tea drinker in a coffee world. Sucks to be me.