The place is closed as of February 25, 2017. It was a nice neighborhood place to eat and drink.Ǿ
Great service and great food.  Why didn't I ever come here sooner.  The server was on top of their game today.  It helps that the place was empty.  They give u plenty of food for your money.   The menu is extensive.  I have to comeback and try the wings here.  Definitely a wingman not a breast man when it comes to food.  Just had some drinks for a liquid lunch and picked at everyone else's food.Ǿ
Had the best dinner on Friday night!! What a fun place, great food, & our server, Kim, was awesome!!!! So nice to have a server who cares about her customers & so friendly!  This was our first time in & we are looking forward to coming back soon!!Ǿ
I live close to Chilly Palmers so I decided to try it out for a late-night dinner.  The bar was full of customers in their mid- to late twenties. I ordered the boneless wings with french fries, which I found to be nothing special.  They had a decent selection of  draft beer, though, and it was inexpensive.  So far, so good for a dive bar. Right? 

If this was the extent of my experience, I would have given it 3 stars.  However, I have to deduct a star because how rude the bartender was about my song selections on the jukebox.  When he heard my first classic rock (ZZ Top)  song playing, he insulted it and fast-forwarded through all my paid-for songs.  Apparently, you're only allowed to play country/western and rap music at this bar.

I won't be back.Ǿ
Ugh, so smokey it was hard to eat but perhaps that's because I am an ex ex-smoker. I think when I was a smoker I would have really appreciated this establishment. As a non non-smoker it's hard for me to even review the food because I kept tasting smoke but, with that said, I had the nachos and they were typical bar food nachos.Ǿ
Came in here looking for a late breakfast, they do serve breakfast 24 hours which is nice.
I had the chicken fried steak which was pretty standard, good, and did the trick.

This is a fairly large bar hidden behind the Dairy Queen on the corner of Arroyo Grande and Warm Springs. They have a couple pool tables, as well as other games. A large table seating area is just past the bar area, and what looks to be a large patio area with heat lamps and a fireplace. I think this place would be great for big groups. 

I sat at the bar, which was U shaped and had several gaming stations. TV's visible from all sides. This is a Green Bay Packers bar, with plenty of GB Packer stuff all around. Guess I won't be coming in on Sundays haha.

Overall, its kinda dark and divey. Definitely a neighborhood bar with plenty of regulars. The bartender was nice to me and changed the channels so I could watch the Alabama/Florida 2nd half. It wasn't very crowded in there on a Saturday afternoon.Ǿ
Gaming bar with food in the heart of Henderson open 24 hours have pool and juke box and cig machineǾ
Went in with colleagues after work for the first time and we were not impressed..Dive bar mentality to the point of the bartender actually rooting on a regular to unplug the juke box because we were not playing country western. IF YOU ARE NOT A REGULAR, DO NOT GO TO THIS BAR!Ǿ
Me and a friend went for drinks and food at Chilly Palmers. Johnny was our bartender. I asked for his name to be polite (no name tag) and he replied "Johnny". We then proceeded to order nachos and a few minutes later he came back saying "There is no sour cream, but it's fine without it". I responded that I would prefer it with it, so I changed the order to the Chilly Sampler. He looked a bit irritated since it was apparently being cooked (not my problem; he could have told us when we ordered). Awaiting the Chilly Sampler we began to play pool. Me and my friend forgot his name and wanted to be polite (mind you we are the only two in the bar), so I went to the bar and asked if his name was Jason. He responded with an attitude saying "It's Johnny, and if you keep asking I'm going to have to ask you to leave because you are under the influence." We are at a bar for heaven'a sake! Accusing someone of being under the influence of something other than alcohol is very condescending (especially when apologies were ample for not remembering his  name). I'm not good with names and there is no name tag, so crucify me for asking for your name twice. His demeanor was completely unprofessional. I didn't ask in a rude manner; I wanted a comfortable atmosphere (as I'm sure most genuine people would). We lost our appetite and didn't feel welcome, so we decided to leave. We paid for pool, which we didn't play, and my friend left an undeserved tip. This type of customer service is unacceptable and distasteful. People like Johnny are a disgrace to the night life industry and should have no part of it. Thank you for the negative energy on a night that was supposed to be  delightful. In other words, BAD SERVICE AND A VERY BAD ATTITUDE. When I go to a bar, I do not expect to be patronized by someone that I am supposed to tip for their services.Ǿ
Bar staff is very friendly, and the mushroom cheeseburgers are to die for! Very friendly atmosphere nice place to hang out and have a couple drinks. There's pool tables and a full bar, but if you don't want to sit at the bar there are tables further away so you can enjoy yourself from there. Finally there is always something on the TVs and if you don't want to do that you can gamble at the bar.Ǿ
Your average gaming dive bar. This place is as basic of a neighborhood bar as you get in Vegas. It would be fine...however if you arent born&raised, know someone, or look like a "Hendersonian" you arent very welcome.Ǿ
Food was good. We ordered the appetizer sampler, then I had the fish and chips and hubby had a Philly. It wasn't out of this world, but was decent, typical bar food. Bar noise in was tolerable, even with a football game on. The major detractor for me is the gaming. We've been here twice now, once on a Saturday and again on a Thursday. Both times every single machine was occupied, but only three or four people were actually playing. There was plenty of other open seating, yet regardless of the people who walked in looking for a seat, the bartender never once moved non-gamers off the machines for someone who actually wanted to spend money. Guess he doesn't like big fat gaming tips as much as the few bucks he'll get from those guys watching TV and ordering $2 beers. His loss.Ǿ
This place has always been a great watering hole. The service has always been great.They also have never changed the menu at this place cause its always that good. Try the hot wings and waffle frys.Ǿ
Your average gaming dive bar that happens to be located directly next to Green Valley High School on Warm Springs. This place is as basic of a neighborhood bar as you get in Vegas.Ǿ
Nice clean neighborhood bar with a good beer selection, bar in the middle with bartop Video Poker,  a few pool tables to the right, and a separated dining area on the left and a good sized 24/7 menu with breakfast items, bar apps, salads, sandwiches, a variety of burgers, and a few entrees like Steak and Shrimp and Fish and Chips.   Not smelly or smokey at all and very friendly.  I had the Philly Cheese steak and a bowl of chili and it was quite good.  On the same order as a PTs or other neighborhood Poker bar.  No kids, must be 21.  Service was good and quick and they gladly changed the channel in the dining area so I could watch an NBA game.Ǿ
It's a dive-y little neighborhood bar. Drinks are cheap, food is above average bar fare, bartenders are friendly, and the machines are relatively loose. They have two pool tables, a jukebox, and a small seating area away from the bar. 
Try the blackened chicken sandwich (the bf swears by it) and the mac & cheese bites!Ǿ
I would say my lunch gets 2 stars, but the service, location, and interior of the bar brings it up to 3.

I went on a weekday around 12:45.  The place was nearly empty, a couple of people at the bar and a couple sat down after I came in.  Service was nearly immediate, she was fantastic.  I also had my drink order very quickly.  To eat, I was deciding between the quesadilla burger, which has cheese, salsa, and green chiles between 2 corn tortillas, and the blue cheese burger.  Well, they were out of blue cheese, so that made that decision easy.  I went for the seasoned waffle fries.

The food was made fresh and came out quickly, but it's just cookie-cutter bar food.  The patties were clearly pre-formed, I would guess by someone that doesn't work here, and the fries were the usual seasoned waffle fries you can get at a number of places.  Also, I am pretty sure the ranch dressing was bottled.  

Prices were reasonable, and as I noted, service was great.  Also, it was a spacious and clean bar with plenty of places to sit.  I would give it another shot, but won't order a burger again.Ǿ
Located on the corner in a small strip mall off Warm Springs, this is more of a locals place. A really dark bar with a Pub feel- the ceiling is neat, architectural detail (if you've got those dark prescription glasses, watch your step); outside there is a fireplace, which is neat for cold nights. It's smoky, so your clothes might wreak of the smell, just a warning (I don't smoke, so it's not at all appealing to me). Some booths are located on the left upon entering. I can't tell you too much of the rest of the place because we pretty much stayed at the booth the whole time.  

The bartender seated us at lunch time; she was nice, took our drink and food order, and returned to her station (the bar). The menu was pretty big, for being a bar, and the prices were pretty reasonable (average price being around $7.00). I think the cook delivered the food to us, because I saw him in the kitchen, from where we were seated. 

My father-in-law said that the chicken fingers (there are different flavors, like regular, spicy, and teriyaki) and waffle cut fries were really delicious, but I didn't feel like having a full order of either, so I got the nachos (my husband didn't like it- said it was plain, no beans and no meat). But my appetite hasn't been the same since my operation last month (ok, a funny story, so my husband's friends came to visit last month, and her mom said "I don't know where she puts it"- it's funny, but yes, I like to eat!), so I was fine with it. It was a big platter, came with two plates, chips topped with cheese (could've used more cheese, though), jalapenos (love the heat), salsa, olives, and one generous scoop each of sour cream and guacamole (love guacamole). I'm sort of a nachos buff when it comes to the weekends or vacation, so this was alright, by my standards. My husband let me sample a chicken finger and some fries. The chicken fingers are mostly meat, not composed mostly of yucky batter which seems to be the norm at most places; very good! The waffle fries were thick but golden, and were really good, as well, not soggy and soacked in oil, like most places. I had a chicken fingers phase when I was in my 20s, so I don't usually get them or eat them a lot these days. I'd probably order something else next time, so I could split the order with my husband (like we usually do). 

The service could've been more better (checked on us once), but the chicken fingers and waffle fries were very good, and the prices were reasonable, so it's safe to say that we will be back again (ok, and my FIL really loves the fingers and fries, plus it's in his nick of the woods too).Ǿ
Been going there for years. And done. Bar staff was ok. Food terrible. Over easy eggs, over medium well. Seven people at the bar plus one. Me. 20min. to get 2 eggs bacon and toast and hash browns, I think I will try the brand new pt's at Whitney Ranch and Sunset.  I understand that it's a $4.99 breakfast, don't screw it up. Guess I will be driving an extra 1/4 mile.