This place is my new heaven. 
It's quiet, the coffee is good, and it's well seated.
The staff are extremely friendly and I can't wait to come back. 
The atmosphere is very good and although it's a bit warm, the place is quiet enough that you're not bothered.
Also they serve beer!Ǿ
Super friendly, great Cortado. I do have an issue with the breakfast sandwich. it's so bloody good, I will now have to alter my morning ritual to include the Cat. It's sloppy, cheesy, crispy, moist all in equal and tantalizing measures.Ǿ
Best breakfast sandwich ever. Seriously. I'm not completely sure what magic they do to their eggy cheesy english muffin bundles of heaven, but I'm honestly fine with that. I think it has something to do with garlic butter? And maybe fairy dust they sprinkle on their sandwich press when they heat them up to order...who knows. 

Also, excellent coffee. And great music (Leonard Cohen was playing today and it was soothing to be surrounded by the sounds of that now departed man). And a friendly owner. And good wifi. I'm pretty sure there's nothing else a person needs from a coffee shop.Ǿ
Small cozy cafe with local arts for sale. The shop is quiet and customers here are very chill, relaxing. Owner is super nice and always engage in conversations with customers. It seems there are lots of regulars frequent here as well. 

I ordered a latte and cappuccino and both were smooth and delicious. Coffee was not too bitter and nicely balanced. 

P/S: one brownie point for having cat mugs. I like cats and the owners were super nice to give me the latte in a cat mug LOL.Ǿ
I just moved out of the  Dufferin & college area but will make the trip just to come here. Justin is the nicest, hardworking dude and makes the best americano in Toronto in my opinion. Breakfast sandwich is always on point, atmosphere is nice and relaxing - always make a new friend when I'm in there. Would highly recommend this spot over any other in the area.Ǿ
Carmel Latte with endless foam.... Literally!! Every girls dream. I loved the mis-matched kitty cat mugs and beautiful local art against exposed brick! This place is totally doing it.Ǿ
His sandwiches are actually heaven!!! Not to mention the amazing tasting coffees:) give it a try, highly recommend itǾ
Pass by this morning.
Decided to get a macchiato to kick start of my day.
They serve really good coffee for you start a lovely Monday morning.Ǿ
I wanted to like Black Cat. I went in on two occasions. Coffee was good, service was not. Staff were disorganized and wanted to double-charge me when I came in on the weekend. I had to point out what I bought and who I was with for them to remember that I had already paid. The next time I came in on a weeknight evening, and I was hoping to do some research while having a coffee.. I had my laptop out, and over the course of the 45 minutes I was there, the music went from pleasant to hardcore punk. I am not sure why it changed so drastically - perhaps in an effort to drive people like me out. There was another group there meeting over school work. The music was so loud, you couldn't hear yourself think or talk to another person. The place was otherwise empty. I don't know what happened with the other group, but I left shortly after. Why drive out paying customers? Music like that is not necessarily enticing. If you don't want laptops, take a cue from Holy Oak. They get it.Ǿ
This place has seriously good coffee and delicious food. I switched from a local coffee shop near by after tasting the Americano here. Also stroller friendly and open early and days when nothing else seems to be open. I recommend it!Ǿ
A good local addition with great coffee! (Unlike some other places in the hood selling themselves on vibe and attitude). They carry Social coffee and the Linea is always dialed in.

Justin is a very nice guy, clearly proud to be running an excellent business. He works hard, always has some food projects on the go and is down to chat while whipping up some espresso.

I haven't been by for drinks yet, but they also serve alcohol in the eves. It's on my list.

I hope to see this place continue to flourish.Ǿ
The coffee is by far better than The Common and Brockton Haunt. Plus they have amazing breakfast sandwiches, 3-cheese paninis and lunch croissant sandwiches with prosciutto and other deliciousness inside. After 7pm Tuesday through Saturday they serve awesome beer, great cocktails, and delicious bourbon/whiskey. Last but not least, the staff are excellent and very good at what they do.Ǿ
Far better then the Espresso bar across the street. Owner and staff are very welcoming and pleasant. Their breakfast sandwiches and food overall is homemade and delicious! Very cosy and comfortable.Ǿ
Finally found a great coffee place in Toronto! I've been on a search for great independent coffee houses to rival the options in Montreal and I stumbled upon Black Cat while walking in little Portugal with a friend.

Small,cozy, space with local art for sale hanging on their walls. I ordered a cappuccino and even though it wasn't a perfect 1/3 foam 1/3 milk 1/3 espresso, it tasted smooth and rich. Loved the froth of the steamed milk and the all over balance of the drink. Beans are not too bitter. 

The barista is really sweet and friendly too. This looks like a good place to work on your own and has their own list of regulars. Great place, would totally come again!Ǿ
I come here all the time to work! The wifi connection is always solid, the breakfast sandwich is SO good, and the coffee is wonderful too. The atmosphere is very friendly and the baristas are always pleasant. I also love the almond tea (I get it with steamed milk). 

Brb, literally headed there right now. 

Thanks for being my favourite neighbourhood spotǾ
I'm not much of a coffee drinker but this place has got a damn good breakfast sandwich. I'm not quite sure what's in their secret sauce but it works right with the egg, cheese and bacon. Wow.Ǿ
Exposed brick, check
Bad local art, check
Rock and roll tunes, check
Speedy wifi, check
Delicious Mistos, check
Cool crowd reading magazines and working away on macbooks, check
PLENTY of outlets, sweet!

This place seems pretty swell. Exactly what you'd want for a cafe work sesh or a man date.Ǿ
This is a nice coffee shop, definitely one of the best on this strip. Prices are very good for specialty coffee drinks, there's hardly anywhere now that u can find a quality Americans for 2.50! It's very tiny, could not fit too many but the interior is very hip and fun in decor. Service is friendly. I really liked there offerings of treats and food options.Ǿ
Great coffee, service, and breakfast sandwiches.  Love this place!Ǿ
Great coffee, wifi, friendly service and excellent sandwiches.
Their breakfast sandwich is unexplainably amazing!Ǿ
This place is superb. It's right beside my store (Mellah), and I'm here almost every day, either for the amazing, very umami breakfast sandwich and Americanos in the morning, or at night when it turns into an intimate rock n' roll bar. Justin puts a lot of love in everything he does, and it shows. The people who come are all locals and it's really easy to make friends/start conversations.Ǿ
THE. MOCHAS. ARE. DELICIOUS. Stopped by to get some work done and it was lovely to be in a warm space with warm staff that was quite and served delicious mochas.Ǿ
A great little spot for a quick cup or a cold lager. Friendly and trendy with a nice cozy feeling for  a relaxing moment it's the best spot to take a break.Ǿ
Well made coffee. Nice light. Art gallery. Solid tunes. Good vibe on a Sunday morning.Ǿ
I have not been in the Black Cat , however my lovely wife won't stop talking about how great the coffee and the lattes are. I am not a big coffee person, but I have tried the coffee and it is pretty dam good. They also have tasty treats, but go early they go fast.Ǿ
Best coffee in the west end, and a nice alternative to the Common, which can get super crowded on weekends.Ǿ
We were looking for a nice coffee shop after eating a nice lunch and we came across this place.  We ordered two cortados to get our caffeine fix on for the day. It was the best cortado I've had in Toronto. The coffee was not sour, there was latte art and the milk foam was intensely velvety. Also, the price is in line with many other coffee shops around the area. Will be back again and again.Ǿ
Awesome staff, best sandwiches and deep dish cookie.  Best latte around. Love this place.Ǿ
Limited seating but coffee was good. It was here that I almost broke up with a partner, so it was wonderful that there was a copious supply of napkins for blowing my nose and wiping my tears. It's close by the Sufferin bus, so I guess that's a plus if you're into that.Ǿ
Awesome little cafe. It has a modern yet rustic decor to it that ties in perfectly with the relaxed atmosphere.
The coffee is great and if you can grab a breakfast sandwich before they run out i highly recommend it. 

The owner and staff are super friendly and are always fun to chat with. 
I haven't been there at night yet but it seems like they have some pretty cool events and cant wait to check it out! Great new addition to the neighbourhood.Ǿ
Really great coffee and amazing breakfast sandwiches (with secret ingredients). The owner, Justin, is friendly and takes a lot of care and pride in the preparation of his food and drinks.Ǿ
Most excellent coffee. It is really well made, reminded me of Zoka and Stumptown. Enough said.Ǿ
I like going to black cat for the coffee and the people behind the counter. Sometimes I will stop by after work for a drink and chat - Justin is easy to talk to and will make you feel like a friend and not just a 'regular' paying customer.

The art displayed on the walls is by local artists (as is some of the music), and as it is for sale the exhibit changes constantly, which is nice. 

I have not tried the much hyped breakfast sandwich (less fun for vegetarians), but I really do love the cinnamon rolls with whiskey (I think) icing. And of course the espresso is excellent!Ǿ
Very cute and unique independent coffee store in College West which is a pretty new neighbourhood to me.

The staff is very friendly and nice,knowledgeable about their coffee. They sell the coffee which they roasted by themselves.

 The decor is cool and pictures on the wall are all for sale.

Americano is awesome. The store also serve pour coffee, as well as beer, wine. Pretty cool huh! I was wondering if they do have Irish coffee.....Ǿ
Came here wandering College West looking for a place to buy a coffee. Small and unassuming, you may miss it because the TTC shelter is taking away some prime street viewing.

Anyway, went in and ordered a cortado and one of the english muffin breakfast sandwiches that seem to be getting some hype (I fell for it). The sandwich boasts of having secret ingredients. 

The cortado was very good and well prepared, and the sandwich came as advertised. I spent most of my walk home trying to figure out what the secret ingredients were, and might only be able to pick out one ingredient.

The place is worthy of checking out, both the coffee and the sandwich.Ǿ
Usually pretty good. Just waited 10 min for a badly made Americano... Sigh. Going to the common next time, long lines but you know the wait is worth it.Ǿ
This cafe is one of the first places we visited after moving to the neighbourhood. I love it! The coffee drinks are glorious, prices are fair, seating is cozy, baristas friendly.... this place is the real deal.Ǿ
Excellent espresso. Superb service. Beautiful, clean space with exposed brick and local art.Ǿ
Awesome staff and the lattes are out of this world. Owner has a passion and truly cares about the quality of his food. 

This place has a great cozy atmosphere, and the very decorative inside.Ǿ
Best lattes, period.  Cozy vibe and the owner is a great guy.  Definitely worth going out of your way to visit and spend time relaxing drinking a latte.  Also try the breakfast sandwiches if you are hungry.Ǿ
There are probably 3 independent cafes in that area, but the name of this cafe was what made me want to check it out on this particular day. The barista was really knowledgeable about the coffee that they serve and they were really friendly. I definitely felt very welcomed there. During my 2 hour stay, there were people consistently coming in and out of the cafe, whether it was for take-out or stay-in. It is a definitely a place for people to do work on their laptops (or not) or just a place to hangout with a friend.  

I had the Americano and it was absolutely delicious. LOVED the crema!

Since everyone is raving about their sandwiches, I'll be back soon to try them!  Not to mention that they also serve alcohol!Ǿ
PROS
-you can always find a table to work at
-they serve beer, and wine (great lakes crazy canuck, tom green stout... more)
-great music at a low level
-really friendly vibe between the workers and the customers
-awesome tea

CONS
-espresso is a bit acidic and lacks that sweet flavour of craft beans
-though amazing, the egg in the breakfast sandwhich slides off a lot. but, still great.Ǿ
Great coffee, great pastries, amazing vibe & super friendly. Try the shortbread and breakfast sandwich.