I had Fired Pie for the first time today. The staff was friendly. My husband made his own "pie" and I had the margherita pizza. They were both good but nothing I would be really excited over. We also had the macadamia nut cookie which comes with ice cream. We thought it was pretty good. It's a pretty small size and worth the $3- $4. 
I like the location. There is an outdoor patio with the view of like a pond and nice houses. Overall, I would come back.Ǿ
After a long day at work. I was taking my 5 year old son to get a Cheese Pizza because that is what he really wanted. When we walked in as the door was still open and they had about 7 employees standing around and customers still eating inside ... we were turned away ( don't know if maybe the employees were a bit older they would perhaps care I bit more when my son is standing there holding his toys wondering why we were being turned away).  It is a terrible feeling to tell my son that we were 4 minutes to late. I will never come back to this location again . I headed down the street to MOD Pizza, we had great service and most importantly my son had his cheese pizza.Ǿ
The pizza was good and I love the concept of making your own, however this location was filthy and service not so great.  It's a Saturday night and pretty dead compared to other places in the area.  There's 7 employees working and all of them are standing behind the counter not working. What's annoying is that there's not a clean table in the whole place, food all over the floor, etc.  One employee is on his phone texting and one is at the register dancing. What the hell? 

It doesn't look like there's a manager on shift. What's sad is that they have a sign saying they're hiring, yet clearly over staffed with kids that aren't working.  I don't know that we'll go back.  If the place is that poorly run and dirty in the dining area, hate to know what's going on in the kitchen.Ǿ
Tried this location for the first time last night.  It was awesome!  Love the patio next to the water- will definitely be out there when the weather cools down!Ǿ
I have been to a few different Fired Pie locations including some of their competitors. This location however is new and extremely delicious. The people are very friendly and the atmosphere is really cool as it sits right up against a lake. I HIGHLY recommend getting the Hawaiian BBQ pizza but add some red onions for a nice crunch. My rating is bomb.com.Ǿ
I think the hours of operation listed on Yelp are wrong, it's currently 827pm and although the door is open the staff says it's closed. Wasted drive.Ǿ
Love love love! We always get the Margherita pizza with alfredo sauce and a Caesar salad. YUM! We have gone quite often and it has been consistently delicious and the staff is very friendly. We're so glad this place has opened up.Ǿ
We were very impressed with the friendly, helpful staff on our first visit. Our daughter is allergic to wheat, so she orders gluten free wherever she goes. While making her pizza, they offered to put on fresh gloves. Our daughter loved the gluten free herb crust - said it was the best pizza she'd ever had. My husband and I shared Margherita and Hawaiian pizzas. Both were very good, especially the Hawaiian. We will be eating here regularly!Ǿ
The pizza came out great and it looks like the ingredients are high quality.  Giving it 3 stars since when I went there yesterday around 1:30 PM I saw several empty tables dirty and the one trash can in the whole establishment full to the max.  I will go again one more time but hoping the place looks cleaner next time.  Luckily we have choices in the area with Mod pizza close by.Ǿ
Surprisingly good pizza in a modest environment. Very reasonably priced. Friendly and eager to please staff.
Just need to solve bright sun light  in restaurant in mid to late afternoon. It's very uncomfortable and blinding for customers but pizza is decent.Ǿ
This place offered special price on a pizza pie on national pi day! It was very awesome sounding but the pies themselves seemed small and not much topping. Of course they looked great on the Fox News broadcast, Great marketing on the news to draw business. I guess toppings are expensive after all.Ǿ
My 2d visit to a Fired Pie (first at this locale) and I remain a fan.  I've only had the pizza and both times leave me wishing we had a franchise on the Central Coast. I like the fact the pizza is made to order before your eyes, and the topping offerings are plentiful and fresh. My wife is a fan of their salads, and as with the pizza, you design your salad composition to spec, then it is tossed before you and plated.  Service was friendly and fast, and facility was clean. Only negative was lawn mowing underway just feet away from outdoor seating -- might be worth negotiating a lawn mowing session that does not coincide with the 1130 lunch hour??

Cheers!
RSǾ
This is a 'Make your own Pizza' place which off late have sprung up everywhere. The pizza as such is very good and you can build your own. I'll give Pieology a slight edge over Fired Pie because of the wide and fresh topping selection but overall a good Pizza place. They have fresh mozzarella which is good on the pizza.
Definitely worth trying and you would like the pizza.Ǿ
Very disappointed in this place. Two of the pizzas came out burnt and then when they incorrectly made a pizza the manager came out with the new pizza and insulted us making sarcastic remarks as if we should be grateful for him making the effort. Not returning to this place ever. MOD on AZ Ave is much friendlier and better pizzas.Ǿ
Great new place to make your own pizza pie. Start out w a 11" personal thin crust pizza and add unlimited amount of toppings for the same price. Think chipolte or Subway but for pizza.

Everyone in our family customized our pizza and we even had leftovers to boot! Salads are the same way. You can create your own or choose one of their suggestions.

Pizzas are fired in a brick oven. Staff is friendly and helpful if it's your first time. Be creative and try making your own concoction!Ǿ
Really great food. Got the tomato basil pizza.it was really good and service was really fast. They put the basil on the side, which was different but fine. Good drink selection also.

Usually at fired pie, they say, "any other meats" which is funny, but not at this one. Four star.Ǿ
Love that this is made to order & fast. It looks like quality ingredients and the pizza was delicious! Staff was friendly! Cute, clean, and nearby my home. Totally a winner!Ǿ
EXCELLENT!!!! Pizza, salad, service-outstanding! Yummy! Plus, the beer and wine option is great.  Just visiting the area, but if I lived here, Fired Pie would be a regular option for dinner. FYI, we live near a Pieology, Fired Pie is 100% better!Ǿ
I had a Steak and Blue pizza along with a Southwest Chicken salad.  I really liked the salad and the pizza was okay.  Like many said the sun coming in the west facing window was definitely a distraction.  People had filled up every seat not in the sun and 80% of the tables were empty because of the sun.  I assume they have to have shades on order. Compared to their nearby competitor with the same concept they seemed inefficient, some of this is due to their recent opening but some is built in.  The employees constructing my pizza and salad were straining to see the menu boards to decide what to add to each dish.  The menu boards are easily visible from the line but are angled away from the ingredient line.  There should also be a menu board behind them to assist the customer.  The salad bowls are nice looking but are unstable and the exteriior pick up flour and various ingredient chunks as they are pushed down the line.  Maybe assemble in a different bowl and put into nice bowls at the end?   I would come here if I wanted a salad and go to the other place if I wanted a build your own pizza.  Neither pizza is good as a regular pizza joint.Ǿ
The ingredients are always fresh and the pizzas come out of the oven quickly. We love coming here! Tonight we had an exceptionally large group with some wild kids in the mix... they were so kind to us and didn't seem annoyed at all - I was shocked! I apologized for our rowdy group and they said, no worries, and thanked us for coming in. We will be back for sure- one of our favorites anyway - and hopefully the kids in our group will be better behaved next time :).Ǿ
I walked in to fired pie at 8:00 pm and there was two girls and a guy in front of me that had maybe arrived 30 seconds before myself and they where maybe fourteen to sixteen years old and the three workers at the glass where so enthralled in them that they never even bothered to even say one thing to me or the other customers that had walked in as we stood there for at least seven minutes in a empty store with employees standing around with there hands on there face board or in there  pockets which I no is a no no when it comes to having a food handlers card. I even looked at the girls several times that where standing there, one with her hands in her pockets nothing. The other girl by the oven was bent over with her hands on her face looking board as hell. She kept looking at me but nothing. Everyone was more interested in the horseplay of the young kids ordering there pizzas so after taking  7+ minutes of this I said fk it and left know one said nothing to me as I left also. I happened to notice that them other people behind me also left so this wasn't just myself feeling this. The Moral of this is no welcome, No conversation while waiting it does not take three women to make one pizza in que because they cared more about the conversation with there friends than the actual customers that stood there for like  7-10 minutes . This comes down to the lack of a manager or shift (adult) at night when you have a store full of teens working with no guidance from and adult or and authority figure at all you will get horseplay and a lack of guidance. I was extremely hungry from working 13 hours that day and I ended up leaving with nothing. I have been to this location 25+ times since there opening and this will officially be my last. Standing there and all the employees making you feel as if they don't want you there or care because your not some 15 year old kid says a lot to me.Ǿ
Exciting new choice in the neighborhood. Very good food. Excellent service. Very reasonably priced. Definitely a notch above Mod.Ǿ
The best gluten free pizza I've had! They also take precautions for those with Celiac or intolerance. My whole family loved the options and flavor. It was perfect for a quick bite on the go.Ǿ
The Chipotles of pizzas and salads (minus the e-coli)! I thoroughly enjoyed this place! We went on the grand opening for a free personal pizza or salad. For a grand opening with freebies the place was ran so well! I call this the Chipotle of pizzas and salads because the building is literally laid out the same but instead of throwing your ingredients in a burrito or tacos, it's a pizza or salad. Everything tastes so fresh here which is probably the best part. The "personal" pizzas are enough for two. This isn't your greasy pizza and wings type of place but that's what makes it awesome. The ingredients are fresh and everything is made right in front of you. Without a doubt I recommend going here. If you are looking for a different style of pizza, something other than dripping grease pizza and salads that don't taste fresh, then go here!Ǿ
I love the place.  Best Buy in town are the salads.  Under$8 you get a tub of lettuce with choice of same kind of toppings they will put on the pizza.  I'm on a perpetual diet and fast food solutions are difficult. I will sometimes order a couple of these salads to have over a weekend.  They also have combinations if you are not creative.  Favorites are roasted veggie topped, the Southwest, and the Italian.Ǿ
I have been to a number of these restaurants around the valley, and this location is disappointing.  The quality of customer service is lacking.  I still love the food, and love the variety of toppings.  I was also a bit disappointed to find out they no longer offer BBQ chicken though :(.Ǿ
Ive been to fired pie a few times in the past, this was my first time to this location and it was a great experience! The lake view is so pretty! The staff was very friendly. This cute little blonde girl helped me at the register and she was so nice and helpful. And my pizza was great! I got just a plain pepperoni, wasn't feeling adventurous, but it was delicious. I will definitely be back to this one.Ǿ
Lord almighty, Fired Pie opened my eyes to a paradise I never believed existed, until I stepped foot into this location. The service is always speedy and it couldn't be easier to pick your toppings as they are right in front of your face. Love the scenery by the water, I almost took a swim but left my suit at home. Will be back with a boat. Thank you Fired Pie.Ǿ
Very confusing trying to remember what you want on your pizza by the time you get to order it.  The ingredients should be viewed on big boards right in front when ordering besides on the wall in the waiting line.
In the late afternoon customers were being blinded by the bright sun streaming into the restaurant.  Why no shades?  Poor planning!  
Numbers should be given out when ordering instead of employees calling out names as they wander around with pizzas in hand.   
The pizza's we ordered were delicious but the negatives will stick in our minds!Ǿ
The pizza is always AMAZING! The manager and employees always go above and beyond to accommodate me and my family being vegan, and we just love the delicious pizza here and lovely staff and good prices! Always come here!!Ǿ
This place is garbage and I've had enough of this pathetic customer service and food quality, I've eatin at fired pie before and liked it but this location is terrible and from opening day has been terrible, 6 people working and 1 customer was eating already, we got our food and went to sit down, almost every table was dirty, the 1 drink I get there wasn't working, my food was chewy and stained my fingers from the burnt underside of my pizza, 1 half of my pizza had so much cheese it melted the toppings off the pizza, I've been to mod a mile down the road a ton of times, blows this place out the waterǾ
Spent my birthday lunch at Fired Pie!  My new favorite pizza hangout!  The staff was great and food is addicting!Ǿ
This the problem when you have a bunch of kids working the store I show up about 8:55, granite they close at 9:00 but I asked if they can make me a quick pizza and they all stared at each other like they where lost, poor customer service, they start shutting down at 8:30 apparently, it would have taken them 3 minutes but again leave the fort to kids that don't care. Bad idea!Ǿ
We have been here several times since they opened. We love it. I compare it to Chipotle but instead u design a pizza or a salad. So many ingredients! We have always had the nicest people working behind the counter. They communicate w you the entire way to make sure your order is perfect. They have little chocolate chip cookies that come right out of the oven w ice cream too. Yum.Ǿ
First experience- last night.
Came in about 8:00 PM had a large group. Line was average considering how many people we had and seemed to move fairly quickly.
Set up is similar to a sandwich shop such as Subway. It starts with you getting your fresh dough. Then,  they take it down an assembly line of sauces and topping to your liking. After being rung up, they take your name and deliver your pie when it's done. It cooked in a large very hot wood fire oven! Not a long wait for a bubbling, baked delicious pie! Crust is light, flaky and very tasty.
A positive- good pizza, customer service was friendly and fast.
Con's- Pricey: 2 11" pizzas (pies) 1 large Caesar  Salad ( split) 1 soda ( other drink was tap water) Total $26.00. * When you pay near the end of your transaction it automatically suggests gratuity options* 15%, 20%, OR 30%. Make sure that you hit the "Other Option" so that you can pay what you feel is fair for your experience. I ended up paying 15% as we had a large party and felt the service was sufficient.Ǿ
Fantastic pizza. Not only do they look delightful, they are tasty! The interesting thing about Fired Pie is that you go through the line and they add ingredients to your pie in front of you. Then fired fairly quickly. The pizzas are truly made to order. Try a pookie! These are freshly baked cookies, either macadamia nut or chocolate chip, with vanilla ice cream on top. A delightful end to your meal! Download their app. They automatically give you $2 off with your first payment with the app. The rewards can add up quickly. Great staff. Great owners.Ǿ
Food was just OK. I was told to leave in the middle of my meal because they saw I had a vape pen. That's fair if they want to do that, but I just want to warn others that they are pro-cancer and there are better places to eat.