My husband and I were a little leary about trying this place (limited reviews and it looked kind of bland from the outside). However, this place was really good and definitely worth the stop! Service was great and I got the Boardwalk Classic, which is a footlong and quite tasty. My husband got the Chicka Boom (?) and he said that it was the best sandwich he ever had, which says a lot for him! We made one a combo for an extra $2.50 and they really loaded up the fries for us. (This small was definitely enough for us to split!) We'll definitely be stopping back next time we're in the area.笑
We ordered a few sandwiches later in the evening: Rehoboth Beach Reuben, Chicken Bacon Ranch, Wildwood Kickin' Chickin'.  The reuben was excellent, the corned beef not that chewy mess that you have to gnaw through just to take a bite. The rye was great--toasted and buttery.  The CBR was cold--like it had been attempted to be reheated.  I didn't grow up with a microwave, so meat has a distinct reheated taste, and this one definitely had it.  The Wildwood was good: buffalo sauce over the pulled chicken (also cold, no real attempt at reheating, it seems) and sweet pickles, bacon, and bland tomatoes, the ranch long absorbed into the bread and I couldn't taste it.  The bread itself, (aside from the reuben), wasn't particularly enthralling, which is disappointing from a place that started solely on their breads. The hoagie white buns were dry, overly dense, crumbly and tasted a tad bit stale.  There was a high bread:filling ratio for all the sandwiches--the reuben included--so if you want more bread than substance, this may be your schtick. The fries were great: hot, homemade and under-salted--but good (we can add our own salt).  I'd certainly recommend increasing the amount of substance on sandwich, especially with bread so dense.  I would try this place again, but it's certainly not the best sandwich I've had in Pittsburgh.笑
I am still working my way through their menu of sandwiches and subs and have yet to have anything that was sub par.  If you like Triangle Bar subs, Uncle Sam's, or Real McCoy's then you'll love these as well.  I put them in the same category.  The fresh buns make these sandwiches so tasty.笑
This was our first time at the sandwich shop. I ordered an Italian sub that comes with their house made Sun Dried Tomato Vinegarette. I also ordered a Cheesesteak sub. I ordered them to go but took a seat in their restaurant. It is a nice clean space. There is a cooler with drinks and a big TV on the wall. There are also pictures of a boardwalk.  
When I got home I halved each sandwich with my son. He preferred the Cheesesteak, but I thought both were good.   They both had plenty of meat and toppings like lettuce, tomato and onions. 
The restaurant has a big selection of sandwiches and they are all made with house made fresh bread. They have white, 7 grain, rye, and others. They also serve sides like potato salad and pasta salad. They serve soup as well as French fries. 
Can't wait to go back!笑
This place just opened on RT 51 and it is the real deal. They make there own bread which is as close to perfect hoagie bread as there is. Top quality meats and cheeses and some of the freshest vegetables I've had in recent memory. I had the Boardwalk Classic(which is a classic Italian Sub) and it was by far the best I have had in Pittsburgh. The price was very reasonable 6 bucks for a whole sandwich. They also put a piece of saltwater taffy in the bag to keep with the boardwalk theme. I recommend trying this place if you're looking for a good quality sandwich. I will be back, often.