want to make a small
fortune in the restie biz?
start with large fortune.


Closed.  Le Sigh...

Carry on...Ǿ
Always great food, attentive service, and very reasonable prices. We recommend it to anyone looking for good food in Cleveland.Ǿ
Went for dinner-

Staff were great (friendly, accomodating, helpfull, etc...).

Food was awesome: I had the bbq grilled chicken sandwhich and my gf had the grilled chicken caprese panini. Both came with authentic hand cut sweet potatoe fries. No complaints for either one.

Awesome place overall, outdoor seating was a huge plus, will visit again if in town!Ǿ
Was excited to see something new in the space formerly home to the very mediocre Waterstreet Grill.  

Went for lunch and had the sushi salmon burger which was delicious.  It came with sweet potato fries.  And for the $8-10 it was (can't remember exactly) I was satisfied.  All this being said, there is plenty of room for The Sixth City Diner to improve.  A lot of things aren't quite up to par with how and restaurant should be, and run.  The menu could use some evolving.  Right now it looks like someone quickly went on textpad on a windows 95 machine and printed a bunch of items and prices.  I hope things will evolve, but for me it's the convenience and decent sandwiches that will have me coming back.  Perhaps the weekend brunch will wow me.  Also, where is the desert menu?  What is a diner without deserts?Ǿ
Four words:  sweet potato tater tots.  

Even with lackluster service and a nearly empty bar/restaurant at 8 pm on a Thursday, those suckers will draw me back.  Soon. 

Overall, decent place right now.  Large potential, as the food was delicious, the space was ample, prices hit the mark, and the concept is unique.  Side note, they support local artists by allowing them to display (and then sell) their work on the walls for all patrons to see.  

I look forward to re-visiting Sixth City Diner after they've gotten a few weeks under their belt.  Hopefully at that time the kinks will be worked out; service will not be rude and ill-informed and food from the kitchen will arrive timely and correct - with more than two tables to cook for. 

And did I mention sweet potato tater tots?!Ǿ
I love going to this place. It doesn't hurt that it is right across the street from my apartment, but on top of that it has a lot going for it. The food here is diner food, but with a little more substance. I haven't ordered anything special here, but I have enjoyed everything I have got.

The breakfast tacos were delicious, the sriracha wings were awesome, and the chicken tenders were decent. 

What really stands out about this place is the service. Everyone is super friendly, and eager to make sure you enjoy your visit. 

I don't think most people realize that this place has a bar, and is open pretty late. I tend to come here every so often to catch a game, and have a quick bite to eat. It beats sitting in the crowded bars around the corner.Ǿ
I've been pretty excited to try Sixth City Diner, since I heard it took the place of Waterstreet Grill--and pretty much anything is better than that disappointment. 

I stayed out on the patio to eat lunch so, I can't comment on how the inside looks since the new ownership. The outside is pretty much the same, though. 

The menu was filled with lots of dinner food with a twist and a little bit of healthy stuff. I asked the server, who seemed really flustered even though there weren't many tables, about her favorite dish. I opted for the veggie panini with artichokes, red pepper, onion, spinach, feta and olive tapenade. I also subbed a salad for the tots. 

The sandwich itself was really tasty, but eating it like a sandwich was nearly impossible. The tapenade had made the bottom layer of bread so soggy that when you picked it up, the whole thing fell apart. The flavor was so good, though, that it almost made you forget the hot mess on your plate. The side salad was from a bag with fresh cut, unripe tomatoes sprinkled on top.... meh. 

Like other reviewers, I think there is a lot of potential and room for growth here. It looks like it would be best suited for late-night drunk food as of right now. We're talking deep fried sandwiches and such... And that's cool, since it's a diner and all. But the menu makes it seem like it's trying to be more than that, so we'll have to see. If it's trying to be more, then they have some figuring out to do.Ǿ
HUGE step up from Waterstreet Grill - that place was ... so upsetting. 

I've only been for brunch, but it's pretty dang good!  Nothing particularly interesting about the menu, but the food is solid, service is great, and (drum roll please) .... They have Sweet Potato Tater Tots. 

Yes, I said - Sweet Potato Tater Tots.  I am a fan of anything sweet potato and these little nuggets of yum are fantastic.  Definitely place in an order when you visit!Ǿ
Stopped here for happy hour.  They have good specials for happy hour, all I did was have drinks and sit in the outdoor patio.  It was very chill and had good service.  I didn't eat, but my friend had the chicken wings, and it looked really tasty!  I will definitely be back.Ǿ
It looks like my review was removed so I'll write it again.

My experience is based on going here for breakfast sitting both outside and inside. I tried it 4 times so I'm not basing this off of one bad experience. I'm a huge breakfast fan and love omelets so I was happy to see that this place opened back up and even happier when I saw they had a good selection of unique omelets.

The food had great concepts but it wasn't executed well. 3 out of the 4 times I went there for breakfast and ordered omelets the onions were under cooked. I love onions but these were raw onions, not good for something that should be cooked. I also found that the potatoes were unnecessarily greasy. The plate was covered with grease and you could squeeze them to get more grease coming out. It just seems like the cooking was not given attention. Cook the vegetables a little more, don't drown the potatoes in grease, and it would have been good.

The food was the bright spot at Sixth City Diner. The service, with the exception of one time, was absolutely awful and it wasn't just me. Everyone who sat around me was also complaining each time I went. It was as if they were overwhelmed even though it didn't seem they should be. Lack of filling up water, coffee refills basically non-existent, waiting 45 minutes after we finishing eating to get our bill. This was a common thread each time I came there. 

Also, I noticed that the servers rarely ever served the food to tables so instead of bringing your food out to you and knowing where it's going, they had one of the kitchen staff take it out and auction it off to all the tables. Did you have the eggs benedict? No, I had the omelet. Did you have the eggs and bacon? No, I had the omelet. It got a little annoying.

I live near this place and would love to have it do well but I've given up on it. I can't find another good breakfast place within walking distance but I refuse to go back here.Ǿ
Went to the Sixth City Diner after a long walk around the warehouse district, and it really hit the spot.  The menu was impressive with many items looking appealing, although, I will agree with other reviewers that the format of the menu was a little confusing and left much to be desired.   I ordered a caprese sandwich and my companions had some kind of mushroom salad and BBQ and mild chicken wings.  There was nothing to complain about.  Everything was delicious and well-made.  I will say that I thought the chicken wings were pretty spicy for a mild sauce, but that may have been a matter of personal opinion.  I had the tots, and they were awesome.  I plan to try the sweet potato tots next time.

I thought the decor and the ambiance was nice, inviting, and modern.  Local artwork adorned the walls, which I thought was a nice touch, and the tables and layout were nicely organized. I was really impressed.

Our server was awesome and friendly.  He really worked with one of my fellow diners to find a cocktail she would like.  They hadn't put together a drink menu yet, but he had the whole thing memorized (apparently he had invented most of the drinks) and the list seemed well-thought out and impressive.  My companion ordered the pomegranate martini, which she found to be a little too sweet, but would probably suit someone else's taste.  She also tried their raspberry lemonade cocktail (there was a long list of different lemonade cocktails including cucumber, which I'd like to try on my next visit) and she really loved it, which is great because she's a horribly picky drinker.

The prices were good and fit the food really well.  I was impressed with the service, and overall thought the experience was great. I will be returning.