I go here now and then with a few friends because it's right in front of a Starbucks and when it's cold out we go for pizza instead of Starbucks. The first few times, great, a little over priced with a medium being around 15$, but fine if you have the money. Not overly amazing pizza but if you're hanging out with good friends you don't really care. The whole 10$ for a large pizza walk in deal or whatever is really what I suggest. I think the thing that blew it for me was really just an amazingly stupid experience. There is only 4 chairs that are at the window of the place and they have a long table connecting them all, fine I get it, it's not a huge store. But I went out with 2 friends, including me, meaning that there was only 1 spot left. This lady and her husband walked in, and they were old, so I let the husband sit in my chair and the wife in the extra. But they keep telling my friends to move over a little, it ended with my two friends in a corner whilst this old couple had all the space that they really didn't need. I asked them to move over a little for my friends, but it ended in a shouting contest between my friends and a old couple.The guy behind the counter couldn't give a shit so we left to eat at Starbucks. I consider myself a nice person but this old couple abused that and the guy didn't care. Still mad. Honestly I suggest eating here if you HAVE to, its overpriced, small, the counter guy is always kind but really doesn't actually give a shit. 3 stars is me being nice笑
We live in the condos right across the street and ordered from here the first time as we had run out of ideas of where to eat. Were we surprised!! It is definitely one of the best pizza I have ever eaten. What I am even more fond of is how they have such interesting toppings - Jambalaya, Taco, Butter Chicken, Buffalo Chicken, Chipotle. We have tried at least 7-8 different toppings and yet to find one which does not taste great. We are now regulars .笑
There are a lot of pizza places around my house. Some belongs to chains and franchises, some are independent family owned, some pizzas tasted like cardboard dough, some are topped with cheese so chemically altered that it should be call cheese at all. After recieving flyers from Panago for about 3 months, we have decided to order from the latest location of Panago based on the advertisement on the flyers," support real, wholesome pizzas" with "no fake flavours and colours or added MSG".

We ordered via phone, hassle free and fast delivery. Since I feel compelled to list down all the ingredients of these wholesome pizzas, please bear with the long list. We had plain cheese pizza, garden veggie (Italian tomato sauce, black olives, sautéed mushrooms, roasted garlic, pineapple, green peppers, fire-roasted tomatoes, red onions + mozzarella), primo pollo  (pesto sauce, grilled chicken, fire-roasted tomatoes, red peppers, caramelized onions, roasted garlic, formaggio blend + mozzarella), veggie Korma (Indian korma sauce, roasted garlic, spinach, green peppers, pineapple, banana peppers, mozzarella+cheddar), Mediterranean salad as well as their Caesar salad with a choice of 5 dressings to choose from.  Since I am not a big fan of salad and I didn't had any, you can read up more about the greens on their website (panago.ca). The pizzas were thin crust, and also came with little round pack of Italian herb seasoning as well as dried chili flakes which I personally think that ALL pizza should be delivered together with. 

The veggie korma was a hit, by the time I came down for dinner (only 5 min late), there was only 1 slice left in the box. The crust is a good replacement for naan bread. Sometimes fusion or "innovative" food can easily scream disaster for the palate (do you recall Domino's Oreo Cookie Pizza?), this one is as genius as curry poutine in gastro pub, in a good way, since cheese add richness to the curry/korma sauce. It's not that spicy even though there's a "fire" sign next to the item, just a nice touch of hotness to the pizza. 

The garden veggie had some fans too, especially among kids that usually only eat pepperoni and cheese pizza. I liked the blend of cheeses. 

Love the pesto sauce in primo pollo. The chicken tasted great, bonus for not turning into those dried up tasteless thing on the usual pizza. It might be a little pretentious to mention that they use fire roasted tomatoes instead of just tomatoes, but it really helps with the flavor. 

Though we enjoyed the pizzas, the only problem we have is that "no ....added MSG" advertisement on their flyers. One of my friends is actually allergic to MSG, which is the main reason why we decided to try Panago instead of the usual pizza places that we order from. However, he still felt some reactions after eating the pizzas. I am by no means accusing Panago of misleading and false advertisement since no added MSG could mean that they do not add MSG to anything they made. That however, doesn't eliminate the fact that perhaps some of the sauces that they use (which I do not assume they made it from scratch) may have contain MSG, or MSG disguised under another name. It's a little disappointing because we thought that we found a place where we can order without any allergic reaction worries. I guess it's just unavoidable that fast foods do come in contact with MSG or whatever they like to call themselves. 

 Overall, I think Panago pizzas are above average in Toronto, but there's still ample room for improvement in order to toss out a good pizza.笑
While visiting my mother in Etobicoke for a coffee at the Starbucks near Kipling subway station, I decided that, since I was tired and wanted something quick, I would try Panago pizza. It's two doors down from the Starbucks, and I've always heard it was decent pizza.

I walked in, and you could tell this is a higher class pizza place, if "high class pizza" can actually coexist together. The kitchen was clean, the seating area was clean, the place was a very nice white and steel.

Browsing the menu, the prices seemed very reasonable. Your basic cheese and pepperoni personal pizza was $4.25 (plus tax). This is what I ordered. I was told it'd be about ten minutes for the pizza, so we sat and chatted.

The pizza was done on time; I opened the box it came in, and it was the most dull looking pizza I've ever seen. You'd think an independent place (granted, Panago isn't a one-off and is a chain, but not a major chain) would have delicious looking pizza; but no. It's as uniform as what you'd get at Pizza Hut, or Dominoes, or any other corporate chain. The taste of it matched the look; bland and boring. Now, cheese and pepperoni are inherently bland and boring, granted, but this was exceptionally bad, so I purchased one of their shakers (they had sea salt, which I got, as well as four other flavours), and it added some flavour, but overall, it was very average.

In the future, I would go to Panago on a whim, or I would suggest it to a friend who wants to eat cheap and quick, but it's not somewhere I'd go to on a regular basis.笑
We had vegetarian Garden Pizza yesterday.  The place looked amazing and very clean.  The guy explained the menu and asked how we liked the Pizza as we were leaving after the very last bite.  The pizza was very tasty and had all the right amount of toppings.  It was much better than Pizza Pizza, Pizza Nova, and 241 PIZZA.  My kids loved it!!  Definitely will go back again!笑
I was clamouring for a vegan pizza and wanted to try a new place. I decided on Panago Pizza which is just a short drive away from Kipling station.  Bear in mind, most of my vegan pizzas have been from Whole Foods, and vegan restaurants and I ordered a vegan pepperoni pizza from a place that does fast food pizza.  For some reason, I expected a high quality, thin crust pizza.  It wasn't what I got, but it was still much better than Pizza Pizza (well, so is cardboard with sauce, but I digress).  

Anyways, it was a thick crust and I think this would be a great pizza for a cheat day or in a drunken stupor, but I'm so used to thin crust and healthy food these days, this tasted boring to me and like a bunch of heavily processed ingredients put together.  

Despite this, would I recommend this place? Yes.  I think it's much better than most pizza chains and has a good variety of vegan options.

Verdict: Not my type of place, but if people want pizza and I have to go, I'll order something.笑
DO NOT bother with this place. I tried here fore the first time today because I heard it wasn't bad and offered both Gluten Free and Vegan Cheese. First of all, I placed an order online for a future order time as my partner and I had people over. They did not offer delivery to our residence despite the fact we are only 10 minutes away... fine. So I scheduled for pick up because I had heard they are pretty good. I arrive for my scheduled pick up time and these people are going on that they did not receive the order and did not show much care to fix it. So I was tired and we had people over so I was just like okay... how long do I have to wait for a new one. They indicated 15 minutes.... I rolled my eyes, placed the order AGAIN and we waited.... 15 minutes later, no pizza ready..... ALL AND ALL this was an hour long ordeal from when I left to get the pizza and got home with said pizza - should have been no more than 20 minutes. It was getting late and I was hungry so I took a slice of pizza and honestly.... NOTHING remarkable. Their dip sucked, it wasn't really garlicky and just tasted very artificial. The pizza flavour and gluten free crust just tasted like wasted calories. Between the poor customer service, technology and food, I will not be ordering from here again. Waste of time and money.