I stopped in here the other day after finding it on Yelp and reading the reviews about the Cuban sandwich I had to try it. I sure am glad I did because this is one of the best Cuban sandwiches I've had in years. Big thick slices of ham and nice chunky pieces of pork along with pickles and all sorts of deliciousness I was in heaven. They have a very wide assortment of different sandwiches and salads. I tried the super 7 salad which has cranberries on it and I was able to save it for up to three meals almost 4 so it was a huge salad. Another total bonus about New American Sandwich Company is there chips, they must be homemade because I've never had chips like that out of a bag. They also have a catering company along with the restaurant so they've been doing this for years and they have perfected sandwiches and salads with the freshness and fastness that you're looking for.Ǿ
In town from SoCal for Ragnar Las Vegas! Found this sandwich place on Yelp. The sandwiches were delicious. Everything was very fresh and the bread was amazing. I had the Italian on tomato herb focaccia and my friend had the Red Rock. If I'm ever in the area again I'll be back. You should definitely give this place a try!Ǿ
So, I have visited this establishment on two occasions. The first time, I had the Napa Valley Sandwich! Let me just say... yum... The wheat ciabatta was unforgettable! The roasted turkey, provolone cheese, and sun dried tomato pesto created a party in my mouth.. then my tummy! It was so delicious. To top it off, they have these great chips that are the perfect combo of crispy and soft! This was definitely a win!

My second visit, earlier today, I ordered the All American Burger. I'm not too big on the fancy stuff! Any how, let me say, the second I opened my container, the aroma of real beef entered my nostrils and sent my tummy into a whirlwind. I could barely open my soda before I wanted to just devour my burger. The patty (Better known as a Mondo Patty) was cooked just the way I asked, and the cheese was melted oh so delightfully! The tomatoes and lettuce were crisp and fresh along with the pickles and onions I took off. (I always think I want pickles and onions until I actually see them, not their fault, mine!) Two words for my fries... "ALL GONE!!" 

Let me just say, if you are debating about coming here, debate no more. I called in the order and picked it up right away! Great service + Great food + Hidden Location = Gem of Las Vegas!

Do your appetite a favor and stop by the New American Sandwich Co. I will never look at another sandwich shop the same!Ǿ
Hit or miss these days. When our office moved to this side of town, this place made some bomb ass sandwiches and amazing fries and we all would go there ALL the time. But now maybe two months later, there's a 50% chance that the sandwich will be super dry (I ordered a Philly Cheesesteak last time and it barely had any cheese) or the fries will be unseasoned and extra plain AF. Not sure what's going on, but now I'm ordering elsewhere for my lunch hour. If I'm paying $10 for a sandwich and fries, it better be amazing EVERY TIME.

Such a shame!Ǿ
Ordered through Uber eats. Cuban sandwich  was poorly made.  It's supposed to be cooked and pressed to develop a crispy crust. Poor quality ham and roasted pork tasted days old.Ǿ
Ordered this place off of Grubhub. It was fast and the driver was nice. Best Rueben sandwich I've ever had.Ǿ
I saw there was a new restaurant right by my work.  I decided to check it out today, as I'm always looking for something quick and easy by work.  I ordered the Napa Valley sandwich and the bread was fresh.  The turkey was thick and dressing was perfect.  The chips were awesome!  I'm a huge lover of homemade potato chips and these are spot on!  I called in my order and it was ready for me in about 10 minutes.  I will be back probably a couple of times a week!!!Ǿ
Went for the first time last week and had a Reuben. It was pretty good, the bread was kinda dry but still good.Ǿ
I loved this meal! Real meat- not processed fake meat. Solid bread and homemade chips. Great choice.Ǿ
It's official, I'm a fan! Today was my first time trying this place out. I had the Napa Valley sandwich and it was delicious! The bread was so soft and yummy. Unfortunately they were out of the tomato pesto so I didn't get to try the real one but opted for tomatoes instead and it was tasty anyways. I tried their homemade chips and those are to die for! Overall a cute spot and the decor is fun. I'm looking forward to going back and trying more food. Mostly sandwiches and salads on their menu but they also have hamburgers. The restaurant portion is pretty small/narrow so I don't know if it's a good fit for large groups. They do have quite a few tables but the overall place is not very big.Ǿ
My last time there I had a pastrami sandwich and it was very good. The service was friendly and fast. The house made chips were odd, not really crispy, maybe a little mushy or rubbery inside and I'm not sure what they were going for, so those are not a do-over. I really want to like this place because it is so close to work (walking distance) but when you have $12 for a sandwich and then $2 for a drink you are at $17 with tax/tip. I think they would fill a lot more tables if they went a little more "low-brow" and shaved about $5 per person off the lunch ticket. I know it's hard to compete with places like Subway or Taco bell, but with those $6 meal deals it's hard to justify a $17 lunch if you are an average schmo trying to keep that lunch budget low. It's not a tourist place, it is surrounded by office buildings who love the idea of a place we can walk to for lunch.Ǿ
Philly cheesecake was good but needs about 50% more steak. 
Let me know if you make any changes and I'll come back.Ǿ
When you want a simple sandwich without fuss, drama, and cliche tastes, treat yourself to an amazing lunch experience at the American Sandwich Company.  An amazing variety of unique, tasteful culinary creations, served quickly and with a smile.  When is a sandwich a hook that brings back - often??  When it's one made by the artists at this walk-in restaurant.  Don't pass-up the homemade chips either!! Remarkable, simple, honest food - always fresh and at reasonable prices.Ǿ
I ordered a Napa valley sandwich from Ubereats. It was very dry. Thank gosh there was mayonnaise and mustard, but even with them it still seemed dry /:  this was my first time trying them and I was left disappointed.Ǿ
I stopped in for a quick lunch with a friend and was very satisfied. The staff was attentive and the food was good. I had the Napa Valley sandwich and it was full of flavor. I must tell you about the chips. I don't know why anyone would pay more for fries when the chips are so awesome. Made fresh and dusted with seasoning and salt: yum!

If you are in the neighborhood swing in and give it a try.Ǿ
This joint is a little hard to find but the staff is super friendly and it's fast and delicious. It will be a new work favorite for sure!Ǿ
I didn't go into the shop, but my husband brought me back one of their bulgogi cheesesteaks and it was delicious! I haven't been feeling well and so he got it to go and they even put a nice little message on a napkin for me. From what I know, they are friendly and the bulgogi was tasty. We will be going back :)Ǿ
The New American Sandwich Co. is attached to a bar on the corner of Grier & Pilot, however they have their own entrance and it's not smoky inside.  The sandwich, burger, and salad menu has many choices and the service was friendly, although a little slow given we were the only partons.

I ordered the Philly cheesesteak on an Amoroso roll with fries and my friend ordered the American Hero with the house made chips.  We shared and both found the cheesesteak and chips to be the winners.  The Amoroso roll was soft, the cheesesteak and chips delicious.  The Hero and fries were just okay.  Unlike other places, the portions were not overwhelming. I am interested in trying other options to see if they are as good as the cheesesteak.

Side note- they have a buy 10, get one free stamp card.Ǿ
After visiting this location, I am pretty surprised by all the mixed reviews! The guy who owns this place caters for all the Cirque Du Soleil shows. As you can see in my pics, he has a wall of posters signed by all the performers (UPDATE: lost my pic of this somehow. Will take another next time I go :/) I am going to take a wild-guess that this catering is where the majority of his business comes from. I went during lunch and only one waitress was there. It's a small place and it was filling up as we left but it certainly is NOT a hopping, hipster paradise. If you are looking for the most unique sandwiches presented with a flower on your plate - this is not your stop. They have some staples and a few rare breeds but nothing that you can't get at another sandwich shop. 

I get that some people are turned off because it is attached to a bar, but living in Vegas running into bars is unfortunately unavoidable. I'm also personally a huge fan of dive bars so that might be why I don't mind it as much as some others. The entrance is SHADY as hell, I'm not gonna lie. When I opened the door to the place and saw like long gray hallway with a sign at the end that points to a door and says "sandwiches" I was like - um no. I persevered though and am I glad!

I thoroughly enjoyed the meal I had here as did my lunch companion. I had a reuben and it was beautiful. It was perfectly made, the proportions were on point, and the bread was toasted to perfection. The zucchini fries are beer battered! In honestly, it's not my favorite way to eat zucchini but it was delicious and I did eat them all. They are also massive, they basically slice the zucchini into 4/5 pieces long ways and fry. Hashtag, genius. My companion had the american club - or something like that. He liked it a lot. 

I'll be back here. I like the atmosphere, I like the food, I like the people.Ǿ
Finally, a local alternative to the usual purveyors of overpriced, over processed, and underwhelming corporate lunch meat. NASC has an impressive selection of well prepared, creative, and delicious lunch fare. They offer excellent salads, homemade chips, and inspired sandwiches that I would put up against anyone's in town (including the Earl himself).  I personally recommend the chopped asparagus salad or the Cuban sandwich which is loaded with grilled ham and juicy tender pulled pork. 

The only problem you may have with this joint is finding it.  It is wedged next to the Paradise Pub so tightly that they share an external door, so it can be a bit confusing. The good news is they now have a sign that you can see from the street. The bad news is, once word gets out about their great food, you are going to be waiting in line.Ǿ
I went in today around noon. I have been to this location a few times and it's always been great. What set the bar for me today was, that unfortunately even though their power was out, they still managed to stay in good spirits and cook food for us.

We made the best if the situation and I even played some music on my phone to break the silence.

The women who work there are absolutely wonderful and they really make a difference.

I would definitely recommend this place If you just want to chill and have some good food.Ǿ
I just picked up my order of a Buffalo Chicken and it was loaded with mushrooms.  This would probably be great, if it was supposed to have mushrooms, which, unfortunately for me, it's not.    Luckily, it's not like I'm allergic to them, I just hate the way they taste and feel.  After spending 5 min taking apart my sandwich and trying to separate melted cheese from slimy mushroom, I'm mostly enjoying my sandwich and the fries are pretty good as well.  I had this same sandwich a few weeks ago and it was great, so it was a bit disappointing to have this type of error happen.Ǿ
With limited options and a half hour lunch, I was glad to find this place right down the street from my work. The first time, I ordered a bulgogi cheese steak to go. The fries were crisp and salted with a flaky kosher salt, perfection. The bulgogi had shishito peppers and Sriracha mayo, which all came together for a spicy, hearty sandwich. It was just the right amount of heat and the peppers tasted deliciously smoky and kept their texture nicely amid the meat. My friend ordered the regular cheese steak and raved about it. We liked it so much we ate there again the next day. Natalie, who took my order both days, was very sweet and friendly. I tried the Italian deli sandwich with the homemade chips on my second visit. The bread they use is soft and freshly made. I prefer the fries over the chips. My only reservation is that the portions are a bit small for the price. The bulgogi cheese steak really could have used more meat for the $10.99 price tag. It's still better than paying $6 for a crap sandwich from my work cafeteria so I'll be back again for sure.Ǿ
I ordered the Fried Green Tomato BLT, overall it wasn't too bad but they could have put some more dressing on it, it was way too dry. The sandwich was definitely not worth the $10.99.Ǿ
I have been to restaurants in this location before, but this is the first time at this latest name and menu.  I am not sure if management or ownership changes, but I did not like this place before, and it has not improved.  I had a club sandwich, which I did not enjoy at all.  It came on a baguette, which is unusual for a club, but okay.  Beyond the bread it had a green chile type sauce on it, which is not a club sandwich.  I hate when someplace calls something a club that is not a normal club, it should have a new name if it is not a typical "club".   In addition to that it had.  If you look up the description of a club this was not it.  The bacon was not crisp, and appeared only partially cooked, and probably microwaved.  I don't understand how restaurants can send bacon out all wilted, I don't know anybody who likes it that way.   The fries that I had with the sandwich had a weird black look to them, and only tasted barely able to eat.  I will not be back, and expect it will not be open in six months or less.Ǿ
Chips are great. Sandwich is tough good flavor but gave my jaw a workout... i got the red rock chicken.... found a white hair in saladǾ
I ordered the Texas Turkey sandwich on a recommendation from the cashier/waitress with the french fries (another recommendation) and it simply was not that good. I think I could have made a sandwich that was better and not to mention my coworker got the chips and they were much better than the fries. I don't know if we showed up on a bad day but the chef/cook and waitress were bickering back and forth. There were 4 people who ordered food including me and 3 of them weren't correct? Fluke?Ǿ
I don't know if I came on a bad day or what but, I only came here for lunch because I read the reviews and they were all great. I was with some fellow coworkers for lunch and we came in a round 12. There were 5 of us and it was not busy at all. We all ordered sandwiches to go but some of us ended up eating there because some of the orders took so long so,  we really had no choice. Our orders  were simple but the waitress looked overwhelmed. It ended up taking 45 minutes to get all 5 orders. The waitress was very apologetic I just think there weren't enough people working.  
The sandwiches however were great. I ordered a turjey sandwich and loved it.  Everyone did say they loved their sandwiches as well! Love the chips, when they are hot. Some of my coworkers chips were stale and cold but the ones that were hot were delicious.  If the service was faster I would have given them 4 stars!!Ǿ
Ordered 2 chicken philly sandwiches at $10 a piece. There was more bread than anything else, if I had to guess, 1/4 of a chicken breast per sandwich. Hardly any veggies. Very disappointed in the portion size especially to pay $10 for a philly. 

Go to Jersey Mikes and you get double the food for the price.Ǿ
Coming from L.A, had a business deal right across this place, and found it on yelp when I looked up chicken wings. After the rave reviews on yelp, expected a little more and it wasnt bad by any means, but fell short of anything memorable or spectacular.
First, its literally in a corporate office's bottom corner, and next to a disgusting smoke-filled pool hall that, whenever the door opens, blows a shitload of smoke into the restaurant. 
The decor is very simple, we went on opening (11am).
Son ordered chick wings, they were ok, nothing special. Fries were good.
I ordered the woodchopper sandwich, I loved the marbled rye bread, but they put very little russian dressing couldnt even taste it, and the corned beef was so-so at best, nothing special at all. In all, a very edible meal but nothing worth coming back for. To each their own, just nothing came even close to blowing me away. The chips were very oily thick potato chips, not a fan, again just whatever.
Portions not large, at least what we ordered. I'd say medium to slighlty less than.
Paid 26 bucks for 2 plates of fast food and 1 drink.Ǿ
Make no mistake, this is bar food. NASC is adjacent to a bar in a business park- neither of which really fit the area, making it a little hard to find when they're the only spot in the complex open over the weekend. Besides the sandos, menu has bar staple apps and burgers.

Came in right after opening and ordered two sandwiches and a salad. There was only one employee working, sweet but a little overwhelmed. Dining area has a rustic slant to the decor and games to play while you wait.

The American Hero sandwich (roasted turkey, fire smoked ham, smoked pit beef, cheddar, Swiss) and the Fried Green Tomato BLT were both pretty lackluster- meats were all dry, bacon tasted microwaved, sandwiches were sans condiments which made them even dryer. The Chicago Chopped Salad was even worse, with old-looking chicken and dried-out pepperoncini. 

We didn't finish a single item we ordered and I wouldn't come back. Not sure how this spot gets rave reviews from anyone other than desk monkeys whose only alternative is food from a vending machine.Ǿ
Love this place!! I have worked across the street for over a decade. They are located next to the bar on Paradise and Grier. Our office never thinks to eat across the street because the restaurants that have tried to make it have been terrible. Hands down this owner is creative and makes his food with quality ingredients. Burgers are made on pretzels buns and the salads are great. I had the homemade pretzels with mustard and cheese it was big great taste. Lots of really great sandwiches to choose from. Meat is prepared in house and always fresh!!! They need a sign out front so people know they are there and for sure a must try.