Love, love, love this place. It's not been open for too long but I'm kicking myself for not coming in sooner. They have made perfect use of the space with a market area, a deli area along with tables to sit down and eat and a beer counter with about 8 beers on tap. The staff is friendly and helpful. Oh and the sandwiches are great, at least the 2 that the wife and I devoured last Friday. She choose the veggie one called chaud legume, and I was recommended the Reuben over the chicken torta, but I will return soon to get a chicken torta. She grabs a lenny boy kombucha and I get a beer.

Sometimes there is nothing like a greasy deli sandwich to hit the spot. My Reuben had the perfect mix of ingredients, the pastrami, the creole mustard, the kraut, they were all damn tasty. You know that you have a great menu with all the different meat and vegetarian options. We will definitely be frequent flyers!笑
Rhino Market is a cute little joint in the Wesley Heights neighborhood, where I just so happen to live. As such, this has become a favorite hang out spot. From a quick lunch, to a glass of wine, to finalizing a midterm paper: Rhino Market has got my back. They have a decent deli plus pre-maid snacks galore, a small bar with wine & beer options, and free Wi-Fi. 

The service is, more often than not, nice. The vibe is very casual, and the staff are quick to give recommendations if you're having a hard time deciding on what to eat or drink. I've had a few experiences that were... awkward... but nothing too bad and, hey, we all have our off days.

The market itself is located in a shared building, at the intersection of Morehead and Freedom. The parking lot can be crazy at times but there's plenty of spaces and, in the event that there are no vacant spots, there's always the option to street park. Inside, it feels pretty spacious but the seating is a bit limited. They do have a patio which recently got it's very own partial awning; this is nice, since it sits directly in the sun most of the day.

All in all, Rhino Market is a very endearing piece of Wesley Heights.笑
Great addition to the 'hood. Coffee good, so is lunch and snack selection. Need to spend time on craft beers and wines since I have not yet...笑
This was really cool.  The staff is young, fun and knowledgeable.  Lots and lots and lots of beers including a small bar with stuff on tap.

Interesting items...Kind of like Common Market, but clean and fresh, open and accessible.  

I was only in the neighborhood visiting a friend, so I probably wouldn't go regularly, but I definitely recommend it!笑
I love this place. The employees are great. Erica, Taz, and Gordon are always nice. The food I amazing. I love  the ABLT and especially the omelette. They have wonderful sandwiches also. It is my go to place for breakfast and lunch. Thanks for being there.笑
Imagine your local convenient store but once you walk inside you're afraid you'll be spending a lot more time there than expected! Rhino Market and Deli offers a lot more than initially expected. You'll find a kitchen inside serving up salads and sandwiches (some of the best I've tasted in a while!) Plus a small bar with beer on draft or feel free to grab something from the cooler to drink. A large patio was home to the "work from home crowd" crowd --did I mention they also serve up all your coffee favorites?!-- groups of friends, dates and the casual new comer. 

The Sicilian sandwich was delicious as was the Big Wheel, reasonable prices and lots of meats on both. I liked the vibe, I liked the food, I loved the large patio and overall got the sense that Rhino is a spot where you can make friends with the staff and return many times.

Update: upon second visit to Rhino Market & Deli, we tried the Stacked High and added pickles (you must add pickles!) This is officially my new favorite. We went with the cold Sicilian again which didn't compare with the Stacked High this time. Really my only qualm, and this is after eating many an Italian sandwich, is that prosciutto isn't sliced thin enough. Not sure the average sandwich eater would notice. But otherwise, really nothing to terrible to complain about.笑
Perfection. The cruise crew is always welcoming, full of laughter, great music, and he torta is unstoppable. I always get mine with the whole wheat wrap! They'll love you like family. A must if you're in need of a cold beer, champagne, or a fine red. Regulars call: Get. The. Blondie.笑
Eclectic little pop of coolness in CLT'S trending West side.  Unique eats and brews including a tidy counter of bitters and other nearly impossible to find mixers (this ain't your local HT mixer section).  Nice coffees and breakfast sandwiches prepared to order.  

Should they continue to grow I'd like to see a barrista added and a greater selection of grub.  For now, they're doing just fine.

PS:  the store is impeccably clean and neat.   I like the attention to detail.笑
Mannn. Rhino is the coolest. A little smaller than common market (RIP, South End location...), Rhino serves all the same things you loved about common, but in a smaller footprint and more neighborhood feel. Delicious deli sandwiches and killer breakfast options? Check. A tap full of beers you've never heard of? They got it. Beer and wine sold by the bottle both cold and room temp? Duh. Live jazz and trivia during the week when the sun goes down? Why not! The Glass Animals pandora station playing? My dear sir, it's heresy to believe any other acoustic treat would be proclaimed from their speakers!

But ten fiddy Mondays, ya'll. $10.50 for dinner and a pint. You just can't beat that. My suggestion? Chicken Torta. But you won't be disappointed with anything you get. This place is really a gem for Wesley Heights, and I keep on coming back.笑
This is a great place to come and socialize and drink and eat. The deli is fantastic and the beer and wine selection seems to be growing! Great place笑
What a cool spot! If you looking for some limited release beers, good selection of wine or need a great deli meal, this is your spot! Had lunch here the other day and it was awesome! Fun atmosphere!笑
Rhino Market is a great surprise. They have a really fun selection of non-alcoholic drinks like the apple juice spotted in Aziz's "Master of None" and tons of teas. Additionally they have a wide selection of beers and wines, including craft drafts. The sandwiches are alway delicious and decently prices, one of the best Rueben's around and a standup grilled cheese. 
Overall its a chill atmosphere that feels like a real part of the community- i always stop by the table of cards and flyers on my way in, and they sell locally made goods as well.笑
Great neighborhood spot to pick up some beer or snacks. It's very similar to the Common Market but on the west side and not quite a quirky. The beer selection is fantastic and full of local favorites. 

Trivia is Fun on Monday nights but get there early to get a good spot.笑
Stopped in the new Rhino Deli on the Westside tonight (Thurs) to grab a quick bite before heading home from a late one at work. Ordered a Chicken Torta ($7.95) that is so noteworthy that I had to come write a review while I'm still eating it. 

Juicy chicken. Toasted ciabatta. Melted cheese. Fresh sliced avocado. Jalapeños for a delightful kick. Lettuce, tomato and a lil mayo. Carefully assembled, wrapped in butcher paper by a cute cook in the back, and served warm! I fully intended to take a picture but it smelled so delicious....

It's a hearty sandwich (I'm filling up but can't stop eatingggggg) so that makes me okay with the price tag. I also grabbed a beer (22 oz cider, $5.99) from the fridge. They have a decent beer selection that will hopefully continue to grow but it's a bit overpriced (minus 1 star). Good wine selection too.  

Although I grabbed my food to go, there was a pretty good crowd hanging out inside tonight (it's a small spot, especially when cold weather nixes the patio space). The tables in the front and the small bar in the back were full of happy, chatty, people. Add in some music and you have a fun place that makes you feel more hipster than you probably are :)

My favorite part of this spot (aside from this chicken torta...have I mentioned how simple, yet amazing it is?) is the old school candy you can buy at the check out counter. Nostalgia for days. 

Go check them out. Get the chicken torta. You won't regret it. Gotta go now as I savor these last few bites...笑
My wife and I stopped by Rhino Market to fuel up before going on a long walk to take advantage of 70 degree weather in February (Yay for living in NC). First off, this place is where I suspect the hipsters hang out before they make their daily migration to Central. However they have a top notch deli, impressive beer and wine selection, and a ton of local products.

We mainly stopped in to hit the deli for lunch, and were not disappointed. I got the chicken torta sandwich on sourdough and my wife got a grilled cheese sandwich with a side of broccoli cheddar soup. My sandwich was awesome. Tons of pulled chicken and avocado, which offset the spiciness of the jalapeno peppers. I was also impressed with the broccoli cheddar soup. Way more broccoli than I had ever seen in a soup, but it was simple and packed a ton of flavor.

As for the rest of the store, they do have places to sit, but I would treat it more as a grab and go place for lunch. The inside is pretty bare bones, but it matches the atmosphere. If you have more time, they do have a bunch of local drafts on tap worth checking out. I also appreciated the volume of local products from coffee to beer and most everything in-between. My only gripe is that Rhino Market is on the other side of town from where I work, making it difficult for me to go for lunch!笑
Loved the menu selection and food was quite tasty. Loved that I could select gist cheese for my sandwich. On a hot day there are limited seating options. Felt the price was a little steep considering portion size/lack of sides. Staff was quite friendly and accommodating.笑
Still love this place to death. Walked here on a Sunday morning but missed breakfast hours by 4 minutes. Breakfast ends at 11 throughout the week, but noon on Sundays. The breakfast here is SO good, so I wish they would offer breakfast for another hour or so. 24-7 breakfast would be even better if it was possible, or maybe a late night breakfast menu.笑
Amazing selection of Beer and Wine/ creative sandwiches with lots of Vegetarian options! Snacks and treats galore. Great patio and outdoor seating as well!笑
Awesome little place, they have beer on tap and it looks like a baby common market. It's a great little deli if you're not around the south end area.笑
I went to Rhino Deli last week for the first time.  I eat lunch out every day and I like to try new places. This one had been highly rated on Yelp so I decided to give it a try.  I ordered the piled high sandwich with corned beef.  The rye bread was an average (nothing special) and definitely not what I expected for $8. To my disappointment, most of the corned beef was very chewy and I could not eat it.  I hate to give locally owned restaurants bad reviews. However, I hope this feedback will help them improve. If you want to charge $8 for a sandwich with nothing on it but meat with no sides, you had better serve the best ingredients!笑
Totally love this place!! Food is great. Beer and wine selection is great..Everyone working there was awesome as well...except for one lady that took my money was bitchy and had a horrible personality, but I'm not gonna let her ruin my experience. Maybe I just caught her on a bad day. I've been a few times now and I will definitely go back again and again.笑
Cool, casual atmosphere. Good wine and beer selection and great original sandwiches  decently priced with an average around $7. The chicken on the chicken sandwiches is pulled from whole fresh chickens baked in house!笑
I've been to Rhino a few times now. I dont live within walking distance so I usually go with a friend that lives nearby or when I'm just near there for another reason. 
I do always grab a sandwich. They have a list of vegetarian and a list for meat sandwiches. On the latest visit, I got the club. It's nice. Not a double decker of anything so it's just enough food. Could have used another strip of bacon though. One half didn't seem to have any. 
They have a fridge there with sides like slaw and broccoli salad. They have soup. They also offer quite an array of special sodas in cans and bottles as well as lotsa beer and even wine. Some cold, some not. 
While waiting for my to-go order, I browsed. I dig that they offer bitters, syrups and vermouth. I was pleasantly surprised to see a bottle of real orgeat (French) so snatched that up for my at home bar. 
Also, great patio in the side. Just watch out for the parking lot as some patrons seem to make their own spots making it a bit hard to navigate.笑
The good:  Well stocked in the beer and wine department.  Small bar area with several decent taps.  Really interesting space with loft like interior. Nice outdoor patio to sit and bring your dog.  friendly and helpful staff. 
The "meh":  sandwich was the roast beef. Most chewy, grisly piece of rubber I've ever had. Fed to dog.  Bread was good, carmalized onions were decent, way to heavy on the mustard. 
The opportunities:  No real selection yet of munchies/snacks.  Small case with some cheeses and olives. Insanely high prices on random things. 13 bucks for the large Delirium is totally acceptable but 6 dollars for the regular size Owl beer is just crazy.  
Overall a welcome addition to my hood. We'll stop in for that emergency bottle of wine every so often and hope there are other folks in Wesley Heights that can afford to keep this place open for us.笑
Let me start by saying, "What is not to love about Rhino Market and Deli?" We'll start with the location - Rhino sits just west of Uptown on the awesome neighborhood of Wesley Heights. If you live in the neighborhood, you've been to Rhino because it's a one stop shop for some of your shopping needs. You can grab a sandwich, coffee, beer, wine, pre-made meals, and an assortment of other locally crafted food and beverages. With Wesley Heights being more "up and coming," there aren't a ton of places to grab something quick. Rhino definitely fills that niche.

One thing I love about Rhino is the neighborly atmosphere. It's definitely a friendly spot to hang out, read a book, grab a bite to eat, grab a drink, play some trivia, listen to live music, and overall just sit and "be." The staff are always fantastic - friendly, conversational, and fun are words I would use to describe the staff. 

Let's talk menu for a minute -- I am a fan of the entire menu, but my favorites are the french toast (YUM -- local bread, real maple syrup -- did I say YUM already?), the ham sandwich, and the grilled cheese with soup. Rhino has amazing, fresh made soups. My favorites are the chicken and rice, chicken noodle, corn chowder (with bacon!), tomato, and broccoli cheddar. You really cannot go wrong with anything on the menu.

Beer and wine selection are outstanding! I love that Rhino serves a variety of local coffees brewed fresh. Rhino has ample parking and is a family-friendly environment. Sometimes, they have special events like Open Mic Night on Wednesday.

If you have not been to Rhino, add it to your Charlotte Bucket List NOW and go ASAP. You are really missing out on a gem. For all the other Rhino lovers out there, I'll see you around at Rhino.笑
Love the salads and the Sicilian from the place. Great selection of drinks you won't find at a 711 but quirky than a dean & delucas which makes this and anytime looking like anything place. They do trivia here too...overall super cute neighborhood market w a good deli and excellent selection of beers and wines :) love stopping in when I'm in the area!笑
Absolutely blown away at the Chaud Legumes [grilled portabello, grilled zucchini, caramelized onion, grilled red pepper, mozzarella, arugula, garlic aioli on a ciabatta].  And of course, great selection of local and regional beer on tap, aside from the huge selection of bottle brews.  Great atmosphere, tons of light through the large windows (nice study spot).  Fans of Common Market will appreciate this place, which was in fact opened by a former CM employee.笑
This place is new, but if the past two days are any indication, it's going to soon become one of my favorites. The staff is super friendly, the prices are reasonable, and the overall atmosphere is very welcoming. It's the perfect addition to the up-and-coming Wesley Heights neighborhood.笑
I have never been (and will probably never be) to a better market-deli in my life. My husband and I were just driving through Charlotte (from vacation in SC) and happened upon this amazing spot on Yelp! It has yummy sandwich and salad options for both meat and non-meat eaters. PLUS they also sell a huge selection of refreshing drinks (alcoholic and non-alcoholic). It's like a trendy, hipster, unique convenient store that totally deserves 5 stars!笑
Love this spot!

Quick, easy, comfortable. It's a great coffee spot, lunch stop and place to pick up some drinks on the way. Menu is simple and food comes out pretty quick, lots of snacks and sides available & if needed stop in to grab beer or wine. plus tons of parking available 

Best tip about this place: not too many indoor tables available fyi笑
Great place in uptown. Nice spot to grab a quick healthy breakfast to get your day started. I had the La Mode(Spell Check lol) breakfast sandwich that came on sourdough bread, spinach, egg, tomato and light cheese. I also got the steel cut oats with fruit. Really good stuff...I will definitely be back.笑
I've been hearing great things about Rhino for quite some time now.

The rave reviews are totally legit! Why, oh, why did I wait so long?

Reminded me a bit of the Common Market, but with a bright, airy feel to it.

The deli here is fantastic! The beer selection is impressive as well! Even a few on tap! Grab a cold one from the fridge, ask for a glass and drink it here if you want!

The math is simple - Burial Ceremonial IPA + Mango Tango Foxtrot IPA + Zapps Salt and Vinegar chips = heaven... It's like an IPA sandwich with potato filling...

The Stacked Corned Beef sandwich on rye is a game changer! Sooo freakin' good!

Selections for carnivores and herbivores alike - salads - deli sides - weekday lunch specials and even breakfast served daily!

Go to their website, download their menu and staple it to your forehead so you don't lose it!! Or just fold it up and cram it in your wallet....笑
I came here on a Saturday right before noon and there was a decent crowd, but not busy.  There were breakfast and lunch sandwich options.  The store area was neat and organized, very clean.  I like how there are so many different things to look at: snacks, drinks, drink mixes.  There are sweet snack and savory snacks as well such as beef jerky, vegetarian jerky, and other options.  The staff was helpful and friendly, since it was my first visit here.  They showed me where to order and pay.  I look forward to stopping in on an evening and trying thr bar area or perhaps the outside.笑
Oh my gosh, best menu of as many vegetarian things as meatatarian things. The rest of the store is foodie  heaven. I got a butterscotch root beer that tasted like the cross between birch beer and cream soda I didn't know I wanted. I had a BBQ tofu sandwich with pickled vegetables. I found both Voodoo spiced potato and the best Dill potato chips in existance (not too vinegar to ruin the roof of my mouth). SO much beer and wine selection. Gluten free options abound, the dessert options available, ice cream sandwich, King of Pop, gluten free tarts in the freezer. The thousand island my friend got was  homemade and reported delicious and I found Docs Draft Pumpkin hard cider. Win everywhere.笑
Hit this place on Saturday.   Food was pretty good.  Definitely saw the Common Market influence.   Just doesn't have that vibe.  Maybe in time.  Good luck.笑
Came here last Friday for lunch with my husband. This place is a little tucked away off of Morehead Street but you can see the gravel parking lot from the road. 

The second you walk in, you are hit with the Common Market feel. Found out later that the owner used to work at Common Market....makes sense. 

Inside they have lots of canned and bottled beverages and tons of snacks (including popsicles from King of Pops). There is a deli at the back of the store and they have various sandwiches and salads. Lots of vegetarian options! Both my husband and I got the BBQ Tofu sandwich. 

When the sandwiches came out they were very nice portions. The bbq tofu was abslutely delish. It was almost a bahn mi style with pickled veggies in it. Super delish. After we finished our meal, the owner came by to ask how our meals were, which was a nice touch!笑
We were visiting our daughter and walked a few blocks to Rhino. Boy am I envious that she can walk to this place for breakfast, lunch and purchase great beer and wine. My wife and I needed a salad after spending a few days in Charleston so she recommended we eat here. I had the spinach salad with goat cheese. Excellent. My wife had the chicken salad on a bed of butter bib lettuce...excellent. We enjoyed the salads so much we came back the next day (daughter doesn't cook much) and had the Reuben and the gyro sandwiches. The Reuben was meaty and delicious. The gyro was good but I've had a few that were better but that's being pretty picky right now. Living in the area would be a treat because the staff is friendly and chill and I would wander over to sit outside and sample one of the 8 or so craft beers on tap or grab a bottle of wine and enjoy a good read. I'm a fan.笑
Badass.

Better than common market.

Get your sandwiches on the ciabatta.  But a beer.  Stay a while.笑
Great spot! Craft beer great coffee and amazing breakfast burrito. This market has a larg verity of craft beers and wine with a deli in the back.笑
I used to work a block away from here for nine years. I can tell you right now that the Rhino is something this neighborhood desperately needed. 

When you walk in, your first thought will be hmmmm this looks like Common Market. No, you're not crazy. A former CM'er is behind this place. It feels bigger than both CMs. I don't know if it actually is, or if it's just because of the more open layout. It doesn't feel as cramped.

You'll find a great selection of wine and beer here. Specialty product type stuff. They've also got some great brews on tap and good coffee. (Watch out Dunkin Donuts across the street in the weird, former tattoo place)

Hungry? Hit the deli in the back. You order there and pay at the register. They'll yell when it's ready. There are a lot of options... including a good amount of vegetarian selections. I like the house vegetable soup. Last visit I got a bowl of that and the Sicilian. I ended up taking home half the sandwich (I was so full) and having it the day for lunch. They also have a breakfast menu.

There's a nice little patio outside. The parking is pretty ample, but the lot is kind of awkward. There a few tables inside to eat or sit down to do some work. 

My only real complaint is that this place didn't open a few years ago when I worked at WBTV. Although, my wallet is probably happy about that.笑
I have to agree with the high reviews - I had the hot Sicilian sandwich and it was amazing. Great music and functional Internet as well. Good vibe.笑
The Rhino is very reminiscent of the Common Market, only not nearly as tiny. Nice grill at the back where you can pick up some bites (make sure you place your order first, so you can then shop), and lots of interesting stuff in the aisles to keep you entertained otherwise - assuming you did place your order first you can look for something while you wait, or if you are not hungry, you can peruse and find something that you like instead.

Once you are set, there are a couple of smallish tables inside or a couple outside as well. The selection is tough to beat, and the food is solid too, though make sure you realize that it's not a full fledged restaurant here before you go in.

And make sure you pull up the picture, it's tough to be somewhere that has Mike D as their profile pic. It's got to be good.笑
Still love the chaud legumes (best sandwich in Charlotte?), but now they have a bbq tofu sandwich that satisfies our tofu need. So the wife and i normally do halfsies and everyone is happy. Pickled veggies don't usually appeal to me, but they go perfectly with the bbq. Always something you'll want on tap, this week the 1809 berliner weisse was delicious!笑
Great place for beer (whether on tap or to go) but don't overlook the deli. Great sandwiches for carnivores and herbivores, alike. Even this carnivore likes the veggie options here.笑
Had a yummy toasted Chicken Torta sandwich for lunch today.  Staff was super friendly and the owners stopped by my table to chat and make sure everything tasted great.  Looks like they have a nice bottled beer and wine selection as well as a small bar with some beers on tap.  Definitely check them out!笑
I've been wanting to try this place for a while. I love that they have so many local items! I ordered the Italian sub and got a bag of chips and black cherry soda. Cashier was friendly and complimented my nails and necklace! We were lucky enough to get a booth. Sub was delicious! I will definitely come back!笑
I just moved to Charlotte from Atlanta, and decided to go to Rhino Market for lunch while a friend was in town. I could tell we had picked a great spot the minute we walked in. The Market side of Rhino has all sorts of local beverages on top of your typical sodas and beers. There was a good selection of local craft sodas, most of which I had no idea about. I also really enjoyed their selection of craft beer. We ended up buying a couple of six packs after lunch. The market also carries a variety of wines, sake, and snacks. It's definitely one of the nicest local markets I've visited. 

Once we spent an obscene amount of time looking through all the offerings in the market, we decided to finally order from the deli. My friend ordered the Italian sandwich. It looked great, and she loved it. I ordered the Reuben sandwich. I love a good Reuben, so I'm typically very picky about them. The sandwich was cooked perfectly. The bread was not too thick or thin. They were very generous with the pastrami- as one should be when making a Reuben. The only complaint I had was the Creole mustard did overwhelm the 1000 island, but that's not much of a complaint because the mustard was excellent. I also picked up a small bag of Deep River Rosemary Olive Oil chips (which I'd never seen before) and they are some of the best bagged chips I've had. 

My friend also ordered a beer while we were here. The tap area has a cool set up with a good selection of beers. Definitely something I look forward to trying when I go back. 

As far as the service, everyone we spoke with was friendly and helpful. The time to get our food was definitely reasonable, and considering I purchased a sandwich, bag of chips, and a root beer the price wasn't bad. The quality of food was well worth the price. 

Overall, I was really impressed. This is definitely a place I'll revisit. Especially since I saw they have team trivia on Mondays! There was also information about live music events they host. Definitely a great spot that should be checked out!笑
I love this place so much! It's great for coming to chill and grab a refreshing drink and just sit, talk, and enjoy the vibes.
The bartenders are friendly and help to just keep the environment relaxed. 
There's lots of really great and (TASTY) different beer options from local breweries. 
They have a couple little grocery sections, and indoor and outdoor seating. There's a great little cafe in the back too! Beer and yums for the win!
There's also little bar books and games to interact with at the bar - super fun!
This is my husband and i's favorite new place to come and chill!笑
FreeMore needed a place like this. Hopefully this is the start of more places, restaurants, bars, stores coming to the area. 

Beers on tap are good too. Indoor and outdoor seating.

Upgraded from 3 to a 4 star after ordering the french toast for breakfast.  Way to step up your game!笑
Was excited to try this place out because I had heard nothing but good things.  Just stopped in today to pick up lunch and brink back to work.  I got the Char Legumes sandwich (which smelled delicious) but by time I got back to I was sad to have nothing but a absolute soggy mess of a sandwich.   The ciabatta bread was soaked and the sandwich was piled high with nothing but extremely over oily veggies.  Would never come back to this place again.笑
This is a great place. From the outside it doesn't look like much but this place is quite a gem.  If you get a chance order the spinach and bacon salad which also comes with cranberries and goat cheese. It is absolutely delicious.  The staff is friendly, and the service is quick, which makes it great for a quick bite for lunch.  They have a great selection of beer and wine and an eclectic mix of offerings which includes candy that made me nostalgic.  I just loved Big League Chew bubble gum growing up.  Seating does get limited during lunch, but during the warm season you can opt for the patio.笑
Very cute local market. Quick, easy, convenient, and cool atmosphere. Able to stop into the market, grab a beer or wine, and then order a sandwich. Nice little outside patio to sit on, very casual and dogs welcome.笑
I've been here twice mostly to drink beer but I am quite impressed with this place.  It's like another locally owned convenience store but without the claustrophobia.

Rhino market is laid out well.  They have a place to order sandwiches and such in the back, a bar to partake beverages, anything you'd expect from a convenience store and seating up front. Along with that the staff is very friendly and helpful.

I love their beer selection and love, love, love their portabello sandwich. Probably one of my favorites in Charlotte.  For merchandise, they have a lot of craft beer and local food vendors represented.

It's a good place to hang out and there's plenty of parking right now...until a developer buys the parking lot.笑
I went there with my girlfriend (both are 25). The sandwiches were made very fast and tasted great. The whole atmosphere was very relaxed and chill. They have a ton of drink choices (alcoholic and non-alcoholic)...pretty much anything you want. I'll definitely go again.笑
Great deli atmosphere. Food is awesome, fresh produce on sandwiches. They have a great assortment of wine and beer. There is a great patio for outside socializing and there is a place for the kids to play. This is a great neighborhood place.笑
Rhino has an awesome selection of beers I'd never heard of. I'm learning to be a beer nerd here with the rotating selection of unique beers they have on draft. They'll also let you try anything they have on tap there. I've tried several of the sandwiches there and they're great - straightforward just good ass sandwiches. Theres a nice covered outdoor area. Sometimes I've been in and there's a band or dj or open mic. Its always a good spot for conversation or for posting up with a laptop and getting some work done. Staff is always friendly. And they sell zapps chips and you know zapps are the best. I'm a fan.笑
Love this place!  My local go to for craft beer, wine, a quick sandwich and outside patio.  Great people who work there and a cute, quaint atmosphere.  I would like to see them carry more grocery essentials but space is limited. Love Rhino!笑
Rude staff.  Came in for lunch with my friend and his two daughters (ages 10 and 8).  Daughters were walking around and the staff member (who is new) told us that we would have leave if daughters were not seated.  It's a store!!!

This is not the first negative experience we've had with this employee.  We've been coming to the Rhino for years, but we are done.笑
Finally a place to call home on the Westside. Westside residents may love their old trees & greenway but while Dunkin Donuts has wifi & Pinky's has delicious food there's hasn't been a place to just be.

Started by a former Common Market employee with the CM owner's blessing, Rhino Market offers their own interpretation of the familiar CM format of great beer & wine selection with a delicious deli. You won't find the exact CM deli menu here so embrace it as a chance to find a new favorite. High quality breads, meats & cheeses with plenty of vegetarian options remain at core.

The space is new so it lacks the gritty character of PM or Southend but I'm sure it's own decor & identity will come with time. There's a paper bag of "good ideas" for a suggestion box if you find anything lacking. There's seating inside of a couple tables and a booth & two bars with stools. One is just sitting the other is by the 10 taps for your tasting pleasure.笑
The best!  Awesome beer selection. (They carry 3 of my fave sour beers) and Rice Krispie treats.  Who really needs more?!笑
Just had the best chicken torta I have ever had outside of South Texas. The ambiance is great and the bar has a wonderful selection of local beers as well. Definitely recommend!笑
Came in here searching for the cold brew that is bottled by Not Just Coffee and was super impressed. Obviously we have been hearing a lot of people compare it to Common Market and while there were similarities there were also differences. They have a wider variety menu for one thing. My husband and I had a breakfast english muffin with soysage and egg and it was delicious. They have a seating area inside but also a nice little patio outside that would be great for the warmer months. We will def. be coming back to try some lunch soon.笑
My fiance and I have lived in the neighborhood for close to a year and between the two of us, we probably go to Rhino eight times a week. The Reuben is delicious, but the Hot Sicilian is to die for. Ten Fiddy Mondays are the best value in the neighborhood with a sandwich and a craft draft beer for $10.50. The breakfast menu is still evolving, but their coffee selection never disappoints. Cannot recommend enough.笑
So nice I ate there twice. In a row. And I'm already having withdrawals.

This place serves up sandwiches large enough for, well, a rhino. No need for a side item. They source their bread from Local Loaf, which in my opinion, make the sandwiches. Grab the Chicken Torta for your first try. It's incredible!

Service is well paced and friendly. I can see this place easily sliding into a Charlotte staple. So glad someone is stepping up to the plate and filling the affordable, local lunch spots we desperately need. Thanks!笑
What's not to love about the Rhino! It is the go-to place for beer, wine, excellent food, friendly faces, and great service! It's easy to pop in and out of the place if you need to pick-up something quick or a casual place to park for awhile and enjoy the music, vibe, trivia, or live entertainment. The kitchen crew is top notch. The two talented and friendly women that usually work and welcome you to the kitchen are simply amazing. The food is always fresh and flavorful. The homemade vegetable, chicken noodle, and clam chowder soups are made to perfection and perfectly seasoned. I love my Mom dearly, but these soups are better than what my sweet Mom can make. Sorry Mom ;-)  I have yet to order anything disappointing from the kitchen. These guys are 100.
Check out the Rhino and the kitchen talent! Enjoy...笑
I gotta say that this is my favorite deli on the west side of Charlotte. Casual atmosphere, laid back, an awesome covered patio. The people that work here are just as awesome. 

I fell in love with the Ruben and the Pure Intentions coffee is the best in Charlotte.  Lots of beer and wine here too if that's your thing.

Keep up the good work fellas! Cheers!笑
Met up with a friend here for lunch during the week. This Deli part is very vegetarian friendly. The line you place your order goes pretty quick so you gotta know what you want and not take forever to overthink the menu. I went with the Tofu You. I would definitely order it again. It's simple and packs a lot flavor that you savor. Not too damaging to the wallet. Service is friendly and a little rushed, but during lunch it's expected. There is seating outside, great if the weather permits.笑
I absolutely love Rhino Market & Deli. Rhino Market is a great pit stop for eclectic beers or a bottle of wine on the run but also provides seating both inside (limited) and outside (dog's welcome) for you to have a seat and enjoy your beverage. In addition to drinks, there are snacks including chips, jerky, local bread from Duke's (I highly recommend the sourdough), and the best ice cream sandwiches you will ever taste (Nye's Cream Sandwiches, get the strawberry shortcake). Don't forget the Deli which serves sandwiches for breakfast, lunch, and dinner. They have a great selection of both meaty and vegetarian sandwiches. My go to order is the Chaud Legumes, it will make a vegetable lover out of the biggest meat lover, with its many grilled veggies, mozzarella, and garlic aioli to top it off, you will not be disappointed.
 
There is always something going on, whether it is Monday night trivia or live music Saturdays. Do not miss out on this local gem!笑
Definitely a go-to for me in Charlotte! I love this place. I describe it as a smaller, cleaner, better Common Market. 

They are sitting on some seriously good beer kegs. I walked in and was shocked at the beers they are hiding over here. I also love you can drink anything you buy on site, so there are a TON of options. They have cheap wine by the glass as well and mimosas! 

The deli is also excellent. A lot of good vegetarian options. My favorite sandwiches so far are the Chaud legumes and the pimento cheese sandwich, add bacon. I have also enjoyed the Reuben. The le monde for breakfast on sourdough is excellent! (Add avocado). 

This is just a great hangout spot. The long hours are perfect as well. I would swing by on my way to work for coffee and breakfast, and I would swing by on my way home for beer. Keep it up Rhino. There's a reason you see me every week.笑
This place is the same concept as Common Market which the owner use to work at CM. This is a nice neighborhood market I highly recommend it.笑
Decided to try This place after driving by it several times and reading about them in various publications. We ordered the Chaud Legume and Avocado BLT sandwiches which were quite tasty.  A side of Dirty Chips and a green tea beverage completed a quick and inexpensive lunch. Definitely an asset to the neighborhood.笑
I'm glad I ordered my food at 11:30 because by 12 the line for food was LONG! But it seems like the wait time was not long. I had a spinach and bacon salad. It was very fresh and yummy! I sat outside in the shade while enjoying my salad. I can't wait to try more things on the menu!笑
Great service,amazing food and cool selection of natural food.... Definitely a must return笑
Breakfast. Omg. The Breakfast. 

The coffee is good, the breakfast sandwiches are ermagherd good, and the staff is super friendly. 

They have a handful of craft beers on tap, and a ton of six packs to take home. The vibe is hip, and fun - you can hang out and sip coffee or beer, or take things to go. Whatever works best for you. The coffee is awesome-sauce - It has perfect descriptions and smells so stinking good. And there are two sizes of coffee, basically medium and large. For some reason, I just really like this. They get me. And honestly, there is not a day when just a small coffee is going to do it, come on people - be honest. They have wifi and I've sat in here to do a little bit of work before hitting Uptown for work - I love the friendly, chill atmosphere. 

The deli is in the back; decide what you want, order then pay and hang out until they call your number. I highly suggest the english muffin with egg whites - but if you get there after 11am, then its lunch time. So get the spinach salad with goat cheese. I know what you're thinking, "Kel, that's healthy and it has nuts in it, yick." But don't fret, Grasshopper. Even the nuts taste good in this salad combo, and the bacon will help to balance it. Order it. DELICIOUS. 

It was initially really hard for me to find the parking lot - I don't know why I kept missing the turn in driveway, but turn right after the burger place, it's tucked behind there with the gravel lot. There are a few random spaces up front, but I usually park in the gravel just to stay out of everyone's way. 

I've only stopped here on my way to work, so this is a "morning scene" review. I'll update you when I hang out here one evening.笑
I love how vegetarian, healthy and beer have all come together in a very happy matrimony at Rhino Market & Deli. This was my introduction to the foodie scene for my first visit to Charlotte and it was a great first impression. The sandwiches were great and the staff really knows their stuff. I had a tough question but they got "the guy" to come out and answer my question. Impressed and appreciated. Tables inside are limited but there's seating outside as well. The Sandwiches were pretty large but I agree with others, a side of some sort would be nice.笑
The food is really good trying my first vegetarian sandwich today and am really happy with the quality of the food. Also the staff is welcoming and very friendly笑
Full disclosure-we were headed the Pinky's and it was packed so we looked across the street and spied. Rhino's. 

BIG DRAW: live jazz combo playing!!!

Walked to the storefront, through multiple wine/beer/snack offerings, and ordered at the back. 

Tons of vegetarian and gluten free offerings as well as typical deli food; Rubens, salads, and soups. 

Tables in front of store as well as outside seating. Easy parking lot access, casual cool/hip vibe, brought food out to you. 

Definitely give it a try!笑
I frequent the Rhino about 3x a week, whether it's for coffee, tea, breakfast or lunch, and I am constantly blown away by their service & quality of food. I am so happy to have them in my neighborhood!笑
Awesome place. The egg salad sandwich is delicious. And the torta subbed with tofu is nothing less than amazing. Parking is a bitch, but the food makes up for it.笑
We visited the market on Friday.  We ordered sandwiches and eat outside in the patio.  I'm all about kid friendly places, and this place nailed it! They have a little kids table with sand for the kids to play with, they have bubbles that we also enjoyed, and a people size jenga! 

Ok about the food...   I order the spinach salad with goat cheese and bacon.  Delicious and the amount of cheese was just perfect. Lol.  They are not selfish with the bacon either. :) 

My husband had a salami sandwich? I'm not a fan but he loved it. 

We will be back for sure.笑
I am so glad I finally came here! The staff is so nice! The cashier tipped me off on BYOB for tasting on the 1st Wendesday of every month which is a cool way to meet people and discover new brews. I will for sure come in for one of these and update my review accordingly. 

We came here yesterday for lunch. We were surprized to find so many vegetarian options, nice! I ordered the chaud legumes while the bf ordered the chicken torta. It was fun to browse through all the wine, beer and goodies while waiting for our food to come out. I didn't expect the sandwich to be so big and so tasty! The bread was delicious and fresh, it had the perfect crunch on the outside and softness on the inside. The portobella mushrooms, peppers and caramelized onions do not make you miss meat, what a wonderful combination. Yeah, it is a little more expensive than the average Subway sandwhich but the freshness in component of Rhino Deli's sandwhiches really comes through. 

We will definitely be back! Cheers!笑
Yeah absolute worst place I've ever eaten in the past 10 years you would do better eating at the circus!笑
This is a great location. It reminds me of common market but a lot better. I love the staff and they have a great deli and store layout. The location is not too far from my house so that's even more better. This will be my new hangout spot. The patio is nice but could be a little more bigger. Keep up the great atmosphere.笑
I've only been once, but A+ for convenience for people living in third ward and holy moly the Chad Legumes.... the sandwich of all sandwiches... the sultan of swat, the kind of crash, the colossus of clout!

More to come... I'm hoping they get some live music in there.  They've got a ton of space!笑
3.5 STARS
I came here for lunch on Monday and I cant say that I was all that impressed. I understand the whole concept -- and I enjoy it very much. Just like a lot of people said: it has that common market-ish feel to the place. The sandwich I had was just ok. It wasn't "out of this world, good"....but it wasn't "I wont eat here again, awful". Know what I mean? 

I like that they have a some local beers on tap and they do have a pretty big selection of beer. However, I don't think I'll ever purchase bottle or canned beer here unless they have something that I can't find anywhere else since they do overprice there beers so much. You'll save 20-30% if you can find it an Harris Teeter. $10.99 for Shiner Holiday Cheer when Harris Teeter carries it for $7.99, cmon brooo? Like Heather M. says, "insanely high prices on random things" while other prices are reasonable. Remember those small Frito bags your mom would pack in your lunch? Like the Tiny bags? Those are $1.49... yeah =/

Deli: When it comes to word Deli, I take it very seriously. I expect to see cold cuts, all different types of salads, spreads, hot dishes, etc. The deli here is kind of a walkup counter. You place your order, then they kind of disappear into the back and call your # when its ready. Maybe I'm just expecting a NY type deli and those probably don't exist down here. 

My experience on Monday: I ordered a Sicilian sandwich with NO TOMATO. The guy asked if I wanted it hot or cold. I took a second to respond since I was putting some thought into it and he quickly said "we recommend it cold".  So that's what I got - Sicilian w/ no tomato, cold. I get back to my office and go to eat my lunch and I realized that they made my sandwich HOT and there was TOMATO on it. So I picked the tomatoes out of it and ate it. The sandwich was decent, but I much rather had it cold and my bread not be all soggy from the tomato that turned to mush. Listen, mistakes are bound to happen every now and then...I'm not here to bash anyone. I just expect that when I order something for the order to be right.

They are conveniently located near my office and I'm sure I will eat here again since our options in the area are pinkys, picante, burger co...etc. Hopefully, my first experience here was just a fluke and they'll get my orders right in the future.笑
Very expensive for what you get. I got the chicken torta sandwich for $8. There was very little chicken on the sandwich, and what I got was overly dry and not very flavorful. I won't be returning for the food. 

The beer selection is great, but the markup is much higher than you would see at other markets. A good place to peruse, but not a great place to actually purchase.笑
Consistently good food, healthy choices and positive energy. I love how friendly everyone is. The desert and side dishes are a little expensive at lunch time. The daily specials are must try options.笑
So glad to have this deli in the neighborhood!  Their simple sandwiches are fantastic as a good sandwich is hard to find! 

I recommend the Sicilian and the club!笑
Great little market that my boyfriend and I accidentally came by! We were initially walking over to Pinky's for lunch, but something told us to swing by.
We walked in and there's just rows of local beers, wine, quirky toys and a café in the back of the market. It was quaint and the vibe was fresh and friendly.
We spoke to a vendor there from Unknown Brewery (they're also a local joint you should try!) who gave samples and helpful when giving advice on places we should visit in the area.

Super awesome little place. Check it out!笑
Rhino is certainly a treat for uptown Charlotte!!! I'm from Philadelphia and a true sandwich snob  This is, by far the BEST spot I've found to drool over a well constructed, almost too big to take a bite, good to the last morsel concoction. There's a wise selection of staples on the hot and cold side. The topping selection is on point and it always fresh. Did I mention they also have AWESOME breakfast options?!

I don't live in the area, but work up down so is is always a drive. With the news they're opening a new spot right on Church Street (across from Mellow Mushroom) I'll now be right across the street!! Whether you visit this location or wait until the new one opens, you should not be disappointed!!笑
The Sicilian sub is delicious. I was looking for a small non-chain sub shop and this was the perfect find. Such a cute market with plenty of options for drinks and sides too. Very friendly staff. Can't wait to go back and try more of the sandwiches笑
I'm local to Rhino, so I'm also biased. Always tasty beer on tap, always a great beer selection on the shelf, and always top rated, hard to find beers to try out. The Ten Gift beer/sandwich special is great, and the chicken torta is tasty as can be. A great spot for a stop on the Greenway while headed towards town from FreeMoreWest, and a nice spot to catch a band or DJ. If you're nearby, stop in, grab a beer, and tell Rob hello!笑
I bumped into this place while working at a construction site near by. If you are ever near the Bank of America stadium area, the Rhino is a must! I always get the breakfast burrito & it is simply the best one I've ever had. They have a simple yet diverse breakfast & lunch menu. Everything is so fresh & delicious! There is also a small store that has an awesome selection of craft beer & wine. I haven't tried the coffee but it definitely smells wonderful!  They always have really good music playing & the atmosphere is right up my alley. The staff is very friendly. I can't say enough good things about this place!笑
Wonderful market and deli. Lots of craft beverages, including local ginger ale and ginger beers.笑
A great place to grab a deli sandwich and beer. Cool vibe and laid back. Great local color.笑
Rhino Market is fantastic. I find myself going there at least once or twice during my work week. As someone who is more of a Plaza/NoDa person rather than uptown, I find Rhino Market to be a blessing for my uptown work location. It has that funky home feeling that I look for in a place to hangout. Their beer selection is great and they always get the special releases! The made-to-order food and the snack sections are also pretty bomb. Lots of food options, for sure! But if I had to name the thing that brings me back to most, it's the staff. They are always friendly and helpful. I've been going there on and off on my lunch breaks since they opened and within the first month, they already knew me by name. It's the little things like that that always bring be back. Thanks Rhino fam, you guys are the best!笑
I know Common Market SouthEnd is closing next month and I'm looking for a new spot in the area.  Knowing this, I had to find a substitution. Run by the same guys as Common Market, Rhino Market and Deli is nearly a carbon copy of the CM vibe. Good selection of wine, beer, and non alcoholic beverages (hello Blenheim's Hot Ginger Ale!). They have daily sandwich specials and on Wednesday it is a French Dip - a sandwich that I have an obsession with. Lucky for me, I decided to try this place on a Wednesday I got it to go and when i had my first bite at my desk at the office, I pretty much decided I will be going to the Rhino every Wednesday to get this delicious treat. Shaved beef, Havarti cheese, Rosemary bun, and some delicious au jus. French Dip perfection. 

I love the quirky atmosphere, odd trinkets, snacks, wine, and beer that is offered. Plus hard to find mixers,  bitters, sauces, seasonings, and of the beaten path non-alcoholic beverages.

This will definitively be my new place when Common Market closes next month. Basically the same thing with a different name. Just wish there were more soup selections like at CM. Denver Green Chili? It's better at CM than it is in Denverv IMHO. Hopefully they pass that recipe along to the Rhino. It's amazing!笑
We are in town for the Panthers game and looking for breakfast...this place is awesome! I had a cold turkey sandwich with avocado and my hubby had an avocado BLT. The food was fresh and tasty. Quick and friendly service. The best part is all the wine and beer selection...we could have walked around looking for hours...inventory was endless. We plan to visit again and again!笑
this place is always solid. the food is delicious, well priced, and timely. the beer selection is phenominal, and most of all, it's funky fresh!笑
Stopped by Monday evening for a quick bite after walking the doggies in nearby Irwin creek walk way. Ordered the Chicken torta, roast beef, & half herb chicken (to go). The ordering window was fast. My only small grievance is that can we at least get a side of chips or even just pickle with our sandwich, lol? 

I've had the chicken torta before and it's a generous size sandwich for the price. Nice soft ciabatta bread with juicy chicken breast, jalapeños, avocado, tomato, and mayo. Can't really go wrong. 

The market itself has a wide variety of organic and non organic beers, wines, coffees, cookies, & other snacks. Their bathroom is also unisex which is a test to the current HB2 law debacle going on in NC right now. #wearenotthis

Sat out on the patio with an organic strawberry beer and even participated in their trivia night for a bit. They had other board games & even a doggie water bowl for our babes (she didn't drink out of it). Overall a chill & cool place to grab a quick bite!笑
Love this place. The sandwiches from the deli are awesome - and I've tried most of them. The beer selection is great, including the rotating drafts at the bar. The staff is super cool - everyone's always willing to chat you up. The place isn't huge, but there's indoor and outdoor seating. They've always got cool music going - and sometimes live bands. Oh and the trivia is fun. Can't say enough good things about the Rhino.笑
Unlike a couple other well-known, local "marketdelis", there is plenty of room to walk around, has excellent indoor and outdoor seating options, and is CLEAN! RM&D doesn't smell like b.o. ashtray drowning in last year's beer, nor is it overflowing with unemployed slackers from the local bicycle frat who always manage to shell out mad loot for high-grav Belgian ales.

Excellent deli, friendly staff, sweet selection of beers and sodas.笑
Pretty decent salads and sandwiches that can healthy if you like. Also, solid wine section. Oh, and lots of beer. Good selection of sodas and drinks (Vernors!) as well. Indoor and outdoor seating and the breakfast menu looks great as well (only had lunch so far). 
And the icing of the cake? They have a nice corner of bitters and vermouth - props for carrying Scrappy's!

I can get a good sandwich, some fancy chocolates and a bottle of Moët, goofball beers for my beer friends and some bitters all in one place! Yay!笑
Reminds me of the deli's in Philly, but a lot more open, clean and upscale. So nothing like Philly, haha. Besides being not so inconspicuously followed around the store. I was very impressed. Reuben with corned beef is tasty, and buttery.  I almost ate my girlfriend's chicken salad wrap too, that good. Selection of beer and wine took me the most time, like a mini frugal mcdougal. Might be a frequent stop for me!笑
My husband and I are just steps away from Rhino Market, which automatically earns it major brownie points from us. Besides it's close vicinity, though, Rhino is just plain awesome for a quick bite, beer, and/or wine run. 

We decided to grab sandwiches before heading up to the Panthers game last night. My husband had the hot Sicilian and I had the chicken salad sandwich - so much YUM. The sandwiches came out in about 5 minutes, ingredients were fresh, and were filled to the brim with meat and veggie goodness. 

I also really appreciate the huge selection of  unique side items - everything from tomato and mozz salad, broccoli salad, and fresh fruit, to a whole aisle of chips, ranging from traditional brands to options for our healthier cravings, like kale chips. I went with a kettle chip salt and vinegar option, boasting 30% less fat than other chips... totally healthy, right? Right. 

We took our sandwiches to go, but what really put the cherry on top of our experience was spotting a six pack of Great Lakes Christmas Ale, hubby's holiday fav. That obviously came home with us, too. 

As always, thanks, Rhino - we'll be back soon!笑
Chicken Torta was great! Liked the overall ambiance & vibe too. I recommend for a casual lunch with friends.笑
Love this place, but it's become impossible to go here for lunch due to a serious parking shortage. They share the property with Burger & Company, Picante, and a couple of other small shops and the parking is totally inadequate. I'm just not going to cruise that dusty parking lot until something opens up. This has happened the last few times I've tried to go here for lunch. Really too bad.笑
Common Market'ish.  The benefit for me to having this place open is that it is closer to my house and it feels like there is more room overall.  

Great selection of food for lunch, dinner or whatever as well as a pretty stout beer and wine selection to browse through.  It's a no frills kind of interior but that's just fine for me.  The outdoor area looks prime for an outdoor patio hangout once the weather turns.

Parking can get a little crowded here but never impossible.笑
Fiiii-nally! This place was long anticipated in FreeMoreWest and thankfully it delivered. I was worried the food wouldn't be any better than boring Common Market, but thankfully it is definitely better and more interesting. I was lucky enough to get a sneak peek and tasting of the menu before it opened and Rob was great about taking feedback and is still making adjustments. 

The space is light, airy and lofty. At first it's jarring if you're used to Common Market, but it's actually so nice because it's not claustrophobic and cramped like CM. It's also sunny, which can be a bad thing but it's just a bit happier. I have been in there a few times where there was only outdoor seating available which isn't great if it's 45 degrees but it will be rocking this summer. 

Onto the menu! The Chaud Legumes sandwich has nice warm juicy portabella mushrooms. It's super tasty on their GF (gluten free) bread option (butter lettuce) but be warned- it's so juicy it's messy. Their normal bread for that is ciabatta (ask for that grilled too). As someone else mentioned the chicken torta is substantial and delicious. It's a big hunka sandwich and great if you're a hungry hungry rhino. 

The salads are also great. Their basic chicken salad is definitely light on the mayo (rejoice!) and chunky chicken, not that mushy shit people are peddling these days. It has grapes (wish their were more) and celery for crunch. Simple, but tasty and full of protein. Their Rhyno salad is delish as is their spinach bacon (add avo). Their citrus vin far outweighs their red wine vin. It's nice to see a nicoise salad in Charlotte (though I do with they'd go for it and add tuna. 

Chilly? Rhino also has soups, including a daily vegan Garden Veggie Soup that is healthy, hearty and heavenly. Other daily specials change all the time. The only thing I wish is they had a crusty bread / roll to buy along with it. 

I haven't tried their breakfast sandwiches / burritos but I have had their coffee (all local brews) and are delicious. Enderly coffee on tap? Yeahhhhhh.  They also have local brews and national  microbrews and a giant selection of really good wines and even bubbly ( Roederer Estate!). Rob's done a great job of selecting goodies. Their small fridge by the deli features salami, cheese, small sides of pasta & chicken salad to go, but also desserts including a locally made cheesecake company called QC cheesecake. Pumpkin bourbon cheesecake? Don't mind if I do. They also have other good looking things I shouldn't try in there as well. 

 It will be interesting to see how much they add over time.笑
Best Reuben sandwich I've ever had!  My son had the club and it looked super fresh and delicious also!笑
Best sandwiches in Charlotte. Hot chicken torta and hot Sicilian are my favs. Shhhhh .... Don't tell the hipsters before they flood this place and ruin the local hood charm. Also great place to pick up farm fresh eggs, Enderly Coffee, craft beer and Oregon Pinot Noir.笑
I went for the first time a few weeks back and have been back 3 times. I love the Chicken Torta so much I can't bring myself to order another sandwich, however I have had nibbles off of my boyfriends sandwiches and enjoyed them. I would suggest adding garlic Aioli and sriracha to the Torta... It takes it to another level! 

I don't love the environment, but overall there is a decent beer, beverage, sandwich and snack selection. The house pasta salad is also very satisfying.笑
So cool little short order kitchen with amazing coffee and tons of beers draft, specialty and everything in between.  Really great Reuben sandwich, decent scrambled sausage and cheese tortilla.....really nice staff and super industrial styled layout.笑
Cool cool place!   Great outdoor seating area, great bands play here on Sat nights. Cool neighborhood, great staff.笑
Great stop for deli sandwiches and salads. Can dine in on their intimate outdoor patio and have a glass of wine or beer or take your food/booze to go. Seating available inside as well should the smokers outside annoy you. Snacks available for purchase as well like chips, pretzel chips, popcorn, candy, etc. I had the chicken salad which was good, but a little too big of chicken chunks -- was hard to work through. My boyfriend had the baked potato soup which was great and paired it with a club sandwich. Great little stop for a quick lunch or a grab and go!笑
I along with a couple of other colleagues stumbled on this gem by accident, as we were looking for a bite to eat while at training.  This is a cool deli! The food is fresh and delicious and the staff is friendly.   The vibe is relaxing; this is a place you eat and hang out.  Sandwiches can be ordered hot or cold.  They have a variety of homemade desserts you can choose from.  I've had the chocolate chip cookies and the double chocolate cookies and they were scrumptious!  There is seating indoors and outdoors, and a variety of snacks & drinks.  We'll definitely be back!笑
Rhinos only uses the freshest ingredients.  Farm fresh vegetables go into every dish.  All of their sandwiches are made fresh.  I simply Love All of their dishes.  Everyone of their staff members are very courteous and friendly.  Just as the Carolina Panthers... 

I Love the relaxed atmosphere.笑
Great Sandwiches and salads. Any beer you could imagine and wonderful wine selection. Wish there was a little more of a selection of staple groceries - milk, cheese, bread, eggs - things that you can't get without driving pretty far to a grocery store.笑
Great spot conveniently located on the way from the airport to downtown.

I've been here multiple times and they have excellent sandwiches - the Rueben is fantastic.

Very large selection of different types of drinks and snacks/chips.

My "go to" lunch spot in downtown Charlotte.笑
Awesome place. Cool vibe. Great people. 

Has a little deli window in the back with great choices. I personally thought the chicken salad sandwich was one of the best I've ever had. 

Not a big wine guy, but from what I can tell, pretty good selection. 

The beer selection is great. Lots of the goodies I look for. Lots of local and national offerings, plus a good selection of Belgians. Couple of cases of Wicked Weed by the register. 

Don't forget to stop by the bar. They have 6-8 really good beers on tap. Quality stuff. 

Glad The Rhino has opened!  Be sure to say hi to Rob when you're there. He's the man笑
I enjoyed finding a location where one can buy a beer and or wine to enjoy without it being over priced andor stuffy. I wish the patio was larger than it is. Aparently they will have a pop up sushi offering in the weeks to follow. I didn't taste their currently selection of soups or sandwiches but from other guests talking amongst themselves, they seem to have enjoyed what they had.笑
Rhino Market is a great option to relax, grab a fabulous and unique beer or glass of wine and a bite to eat.  It's a hybrid bottle shop, snack shop, bar and take-out restaurant with a few seats inside and an outdoor patio. 

The food is fresh and tasty - deli type offerings like salads, sandwiches and soups.  The folks behind the bar are super-knowledgeable and welcoming.  The bar offers pints and a selection of wines by the glass.笑
Great and quick lunch.  Cool atmosphere.   I wish I could have had a few beers while I was here but I was working.   The beer selection was awesome and also very large wine selection.   Highly recommended.笑
Overall, Rhino Market is Common Market 2.0

Less hipsterish. Cleaner. A slightly older crowd. But pretty much the same concept.

The chicken torta was good but the roast beef was better. Enjoyed a glass of wine and a beer with the sandwiches. 

I wasn't blown away by anything at Rhino Market but I'd try it again.笑
Chaud Legumes is to die for. Cute atmosphere and I enjoyed joking around with the cashier. Very down to earth place to sit back, grab a bite and have a beer with friends笑
Rhino Market is situated in Wesley Heights right behind Burger Co.  It is a great addition to this area, and if I still lived across the street they would have to name it Michael's Market.  This would be due to me drawing against my 401k to pay my tab every night.  It is comparable to Common Market without all the quirky toys/gifts you can buy.  Their sandwiches are top notch especially the sicilian. Add in great beers on tap and  a more diverse beer to go section and there you have it, Rhino Market.笑
I got the Reuben with some of the new voodoo heat chips and my friend got a chicken salad sandwich. Both are DANK. Lol, but seriously. The deli is a cool spot to grab a beer and a nice Sammy and hang out for a nice lunch. Took a peek at some other sammy's that people were eating and they all looked pretty good. This was my first time coming here but I will definitely be back, that's for sure!笑
My husband & I stopped here on the way home (to Columbia, SC) from the Charlotte Airport. As a vegetarian, I make sure to research places to eat to make sure I have some tasty options to avoid disappointment (and wasting time). The Rhino Market & Deli isn't far from the interstate so I knew it would be an easy stop. In addition, more than half of the menu was vegetarian! I was tempted by lots of delicious options, but ultimately went with the pimento cheese sandwich on toasted sourdough. It was perfect! The atmosphere of this place is really neat - if we were locals, we'd totally visit here more often and have lunch or dinner on their outdoor porch. I have never been to a place quite like this - it was part neighborhood bar, part tasty sandwich deli, part wine & beer shop. Very neat, comfortable atmosphere with great food! If we're back in the area, we'll surely visit again!笑
We're members of the Fencing Academy next door and love that this place moved in next door.  Finally had a quick dinner the other night.  My picky son had a grilled cheese on sourdough with cheddar and declared it the best grilled cheese EVER (it was awesome).  My daughter had a chicken sandwich on sourdough with swiss - I had half and it was like homemade - not sliced chicken but cut off the baked chicken - so awesome!  Plus wine by the glass, draft beer, tons of gourmet, unusual things to try.  Friendly and helpful staff, outdoor picnic tables - we're in heaven.  Love this place!笑
Everything here is de-freaking-licious. My go-to sandwich is a hot Sicilian and it never lets me down. Great beer/wine options, good seating, friendly workers!笑
Ah the Rhino - what a great little local haunt!  Somewhere between a craft beer bottle shop, a deli, a mini mart, and a neighborhood hangout, this place is cozy and wonderful.  They've got free wifi and some seating if you want to sit down and get some work done while you sip on a beer, and the staff's always got an interesting story to share.

There's loads of beer by the bottle, and a handful of taps, and a good selection of wine and soft drinks, including lots from local sellers.

The food is really great, too.  I love their BLT with Avocado (called the ABLT, but really, we all know it should be called "BLAT BLAT BLAT BLAT" because that sandwich is gangsta as hell).

Stop in, you won't be disappointed!笑
Really skeptical because I'm not a vegetarian but wow was I impressed. Corned beef was tasty and jambalaya was incredible! Friendly folks and a nice atmosphere. Also some interesting local beer!笑
This place is awesome. I didn't try the food so I'm going by the laid back atmosphere. It's similar to common market. You can buy wine, beer and here's a bar for beer on tap or glasses of wine. The deli sandwiches all sound amazing and they sell lots of snacks too! They have different events throughout the week. For example, poetry readings on Thursdays. There's not much sitting space though, only 4-5 tables. Great spot to grab lots of craft beers!笑
I'm a little late on this review, sorry. I read the raving reviews so I tried it. The sandwich was good and the wait wasn't long during lunch time. The people were friendly and the place was packed. They have options to choose from in regards to chips, salads, sandwiches and drinks. I will return if in the area but I won't go out my way just to visit.笑
After my first time here I was sold. The staff as a whole was very friendly - I was greeted by everyone working in the establishment . They have a great beer selection to choose from whether it be from their bar or retail area. 

The highlight of my visit to this market had to be the Chicken Torta from their deli. I was expecting good but received great. Seating is limited on the inside but they have a nice covered patio that provides more space.笑
The BBQ Tofu sandwich is very good. Nice selection of drinks and chips also. Very friendly staff with professional customer service.笑
A common market style deli grocery store that has beer and wine on tap. Has the basic necessaries available and a decent beer collection in bottles. I haven't had the chance to try the deli but the food looks good. They have a few vegetarian options available but vegans may be out of luck. 

If you're in the neighborhood and want a beer and a quick sand which, this place is great. But I'm not sure if I'd make the trip for it considering the model for this place, common market, is so close by.笑
Great soup and grilled cheese sandwiches!  Love having the option to go in and all the draft beers are switched out so you can try a lot of different beers on draft at the bar or sit outside on the picnic tables.  Great selection!笑
During my first visit to Rhino Market, I ordered the Chicken Torta on ciabatta with avocado, tomato, provolone and pulled chicken. It was very good and I am sure I will order it again. My friend ordered a sandwich and specifically asked for no mayonnaise which then came with a large amount of mayonnaise! We were two of just a handful of guests at the time - not sure how that happened.
Rhino is somewhat like the Common Market but without the fun "funky-ness" of the CM (you can decide if that's a good thing or a bad thing.) They offer wine by the glass, some beer on tap. They have a large selection of beer and wine on shelf and in coolers. Live music is featured on occasion which is a big plus for me. I'll go back.笑
Excellent market - much needed in the neighborhood. Lunch sandwiches are solid. Employees are friendly, not pretentious. Good beer selection and rotating taps. Nice outdoor area.笑
I love checking out all new delis around charlotte and came across this place. Found it similar to the common market who's sandwiches I love and based off the reviews I said ah what the heck. I got the build your own sandwich which was $6.99 and babe got the rhino club. Added two bags of a chips and a corona which all came up to $26.00 sheesh! The sandwiches weren't good to us. Not very flavorful and the type of bread I had was just to much. The service was outstanding I will give them that. The place was packed and the options of chips were pretty cool. My chips were better than my sandwich. I'll stick to common or laurel market. I'll definitely be back to sit and enjoy a glass of wine or cold brew. Oh yeah they also have a bar that you can sit down and order drinks. A more older crowd but very laid back atmosphere.笑
Me and my SO flew into Charlotte from California on a red eye and needed food and coffee that would revive us from our journey. This place really did the trick.

We got a very large coffee - which tasted great. The beans were quality. We also ordered breakfast, me la mode and my SO the English muffin. Mine was great! The eggs were cooked perfectly, with just a smudge of runny yolk to flavor the bread and mix with the cheese. The spinach was flavorful and added a hearty taste. My SO was very happy with his sandwich and we spent the rest of our morning wondering why we can't find these kinds of breakfast sandwiches where we are. 

The selection of beers, wine was impressive and the staff very nice! Glad we made an effort to get away from the airport and get a real taste of local Charlotte!笑
Great food for both vegetarians
And meat eaters. Prices are great. 
The back ground music is nice. Yeah also the coffee is right on. Almond, soy and mike are provided for free. No extra cost.