There are a lot of Domino's branches in Edinburgh, but this one is definitely my favourite! The staff are really friendly and if you ask for anything extra or special they will deliver. My ex boyfriend once was trying to make it up to me for being a total twat and so ordered a pizza to spell out 'i love you' in pepperoni. Developing on from this, I always like to have my friends names on their pizza's, just to see the reaction on their face when they open it up. I get the feeling that not every branch will allow this (following a less than enthusiastic conversation with the Morningside Branch) so it just goes to show what a great branch this is.

Personally, I LOVE their BBQ Texas and Ham and Pineapple is a nice version. My favourite thing about Domino's is their little pots of garlic sauce to dip the crust into - genius! They often give you an extra pot too, if you order 2 pizza's. They have a great deal on every week too - particularly Two for Tuesdays. Check out the websites for your nearest and their deals. Seriously worth looking into!笑
I like this Domino's location. 

I have stopped in here a few times, but usually I opt for the delivery service. Every time I order online, I get my pizza and Dr. Pepper pretty quickly and it is always hot and fresh. The personal pizzas they have are also good if you are looking for a quick bite. They are always doing promo on campus, giving out coupons to students and pizza bags so they sell a ton of those little pizzas.

I have had Pizza Hut (expensive) and Papa Johns (overrated) before, but I have to say that Domino's is just as good, if not better, than either of their competitors. Their delivery people are nicer on average, their deals are better online, and they have a good staff at this location. I also trust them to get my online order correct as well, delivering to me in quick time.

I'll definitely be back, either online or in store.笑
I was sorely disappointed by the dominos on Nicholson street. I ordered a personal pizza and was served an ice cold pie. I paid for my pizza and when I asked them to heat it up again they put it under the heat lamp. Twice. It didn't heat the pizza up at all. They were very inconsiderate and didn't care about their customers satisfaction in the slightest. Do not go to this dominos because they do not care about their customers.笑
Out of the big three pizza places, Domino's is always the last I would choose.

I find thier based stodgy, the toppings greasy and also I think they are bloody expensive compared to Papa Johns or Pizza Hut. They take forever to make and deliver, and the staff never seem to be happy.

If you do find you have to go to Domino's, go on tuesdays when the deals may save you some money.笑
I like it. Say what you like about Domino's, but I think the pizza tastes just fine, the portion sizes are good, and prices can be great, especially when you get a special offer, which they seem to have available a lot of the time. There is a large variety of toppings, and you can build your own pizza from the comfort of your own laptop for delivery. Perfect. 

Delivery is fast and efficient, pizza arrives hot and fresh, and my wallet is generally happy too. I'll be back.笑
Placed an order for delivery which never showed up.
After calling the place we were told the driver had "tried" to deliver even though we had been waiting eagerly watching the door.

After 3 calls to the place where we were put on hold for 10 minutes before being mysteriously cut off I'm pretty sure the guys working there that night either fancied a couple of freebies or couldn't be bothered to do their job. 

Either way pretty unimpressed笑
Forgot to deliver half of the order (even though I paid for the order in full), and then told me it would be over an hour to fix the mistake!

Didn't offer to refund, only shop credit on next order.笑
Living in catered accommodation, the is bound to get quite repetitive once in a while.. cue Domino's pizza!

Although the Nicolson branch of dominoes is just a mere ten minutes walk from my former dorm, we would frequently call and order in for many cosy nights in with a movie! If you take the menu at face value, they're quite expensive for what they offer, but every self respecting student I know owns a domino's Pizza Heroes card. This piece of gold will get you any size pizza for a fixed price, and I'm a big fan of the garlic and spicy dips that come with one. A great side to the pizza are their chicken strips, which really should be  meal on their own! 

Just like Papa John's, this branch of Domino's is strictly a takeout/delivery joint, so it wouldn't be wise to want to eat there.笑
Had countless problems...
Employees are super rude...
Pass unless desperate!


This Domino's has a reputation for handing out vouchers then refusing to honour them when you attempt to use them. I'd buy a frozen pizza over having to go back!笑
Wow, good old Dominos, I just love this place! If I had to choose between Dominos and Pizza Hut I'd almost definitely choose Dominos and it's because their pizzas aren't as greasy, are super tasty and come with the most delicious garlic and herb dip for crust dipping, yummy!

If you are a Dominos fan, make sure you get your cravings on a Tuesday when it's buy one get one free! Hurrah!笑
Although I use the one in St Johns Road it is the same company and they always provide delicious food.


 With monthly special pizza and even better special offers you can get some serious discount and a quick look on line usually get me about 20% off.


 The servive is A1 and the pizza is always delivered quicker than they said.


 Just recently I have started to use the online ordering which has proved to be just as good and you can see you bill before hand so no nasty shocks.笑
Before I came to uni I hardly ever bought takeaways, and I blame these guys for the fact that that's no longer even slightly true! Yes, they're pretty expensive, but they always have great deals on and I have to say, they're definitely persistent!

We get a new menu from them through our door at least once a fortnight, and their persistence has paid off on more than one occasion! Their pizzas arrive much faster than other pizza delivery firms too, which is always a bonus. There's nothing worse than pouring over the menu for ages trying to figure out what to have, only to have to spend the next hour an a half of your life salivating at the thought - but not sight - of it!

Their latest gimmick is "Two for Tuesdays" which, as the name suggests, gives you 2-4-1 on pretty much every pizza they seel on a tuesday. Genius! Could being a slobby student be any easier? Well yes actually, as that offer applies to deliery as well as collection! Getting fat on your sofa has never been easier...笑
I had my first ever Domino's pizza from this take-away the other night. 

I know, I know. I am 23 years old, I have eaten a lot of pizza, yet I have never had a dominos. My friends are ashamed, and I am ashamed. But I certainly redeemed myself on Saturday when I scoffed down a large one of the blighters.

My boyfriend and I tried to order the pizza online but the deal wasn't going through so we had to go to the store instead, which he wasn't best pleased about! The deal was any pizza with up to 4 toppings for £9.99, a great deal especially since the largest size was included. We opted for the regular base, tomato and garlic sauce, mozzarella, spicy chicken, chorizo, sweet pepper and sweetcorn topping. 

When we went to pay for the order, the cashier actually took about £2 off because the online deal didn't work, which I thought was really nice of him. 

The pizza was gone in about an hour, and I enjoyed every mouthful. The only thing that would make it better is if Domino's had a restaurant like Pizza Hut.笑
Pizza Hut and Papa Johns are good, but Domino's annihilates them on virtually all fronts in my opinion.  They have great range of toppings, an impressive selection of bases and their pizzas are all fairly well priced.  
My favourite has to be the pepperoni and pineapple which is always delicious, juicy and served with their amazing garlic mayo.  As with many other fast food chains, Domino's have plenty of offers on, especially for the students amongst us.  
If you fancy some pizza for a lazy and cheapish dinner then Domino's is ideal.