Service was terrible, sat there for 20mins before being helped. Food was pretty solid.笑
Had the worst experience ever for breakfast on 4/29/17.  I was embarrassed. I invited my son's girlfriend and her parents who also happened to be in Las Vegas to meet us for breakfast.  Should have gotten up and left after it took the wait staff 12-15 minutes to come to the table and offer us water.  Finally they took our order.   I was on the patio and went inside to look around and the place was less than a ¼ full.  After 45 minutes I asked about our order and they said the kitchen was backed up but it would be out shortly.  I have no idea what the problem was, but they finally got our food to us 1 hour and 10 minutes after we ordered.  The food was good, but the service was horrible.  Would never recommend you go there unless you have a ton of time on your hands and you want to sit and watch the people!笑
Food was decent at best, service was terrible drinks were the worst. We all waited for about 20min never got napkins or silverware our food just sat. The server then blamed it on the expo on not bringing us anything. Place just sucks. Don't come here unless your looking for a bad time.笑
I do not recommend this place. 

When we walk in, the busser stares at us for second and grabs the bartender. Those are the only two working front of the house (which is fair, it was 3 in the morning). We're seated at the bar and the bartender gives us menus and gets our drinks. The menu prices are outrageous. $9 for tater tots. $12 for mozzarella sticks. I ordered the $14.50 grilled cheese and soup. My friends ordered the 3 sliders for $16. The sliders are literally just Hawaiian rolls with meat in between. No lettuce, tomato, just a little bit of sauce. My grilled cheese had pickles in it, something I'd never seen, and it wasn't bad, but it was so simple. The sign outside the restaurant says that they have the best grilled cheeses! The soup even tasted like it was from a box. Almost forgot to mention that we waited 35 minutes for our food. We were the only people at the restaurant, no exaggeration. I could've gone back there and made 6 sliders and a grilled cheese a lot quicker.

I was so excited for this place to open, and I was so so disappointed. I HIGHLY recommend to not come here. It'll save you a ton of money.笑
To start off... I think I love this place. 
My friend and I came here for lunch before we start our day.  

Service: awesome! Friendly staff! 
Food: pretty tasty! (I had a Caesar salad with chicken.  The chicken was cooked to perfection) 
Environment: the restaurant is clean, comfy seating, cool music. 
Staff: hmm... Beautiful. Clearly they understand the winning success of hiring a beautiful team (of course they need to work hard as well)... Certainly that increase my appetite lol.  The ladies are pretty including my waitress, Lexi which super attentive.   But hold the mic, the hot guy who ran our food and the sexy manager in the green tee... I will come back just for that lmao. 

But serious, all jokes aside, swing by and grab a drink and good food while you are in Vegas.  

Kudos team.  Keep up the sexiness (and good work lol)笑
Being an Irishman who is proud of his irish heritage,  I'm glad to say this place not only impressed me, but if me and my wife move here as we have been talking about, we will be back often.  The service is great, as we walked in we were greeted friendly by the staff who asked us bar or booth. We opted for bar and were immediately greeted by the bar tender, a woman named katie. As we are not from here, we decided to ask what she thought best, took her options, and were so far from being disappointed. I got an old fashion and a straight shot of their house made whiskey, while my wife got something called a bubble bath. We both were pleased with our drinks. 

As far as food goes, we got mozzarella sticks for an appetizer,  she got the irish nachos (I had to help her lol) and I got my old irish favorite ( bangers and mash). 

The food was superb, and wonderful delicous. This is not bar food. This is food in a bar. Along with great drinks and a wonderful atmosphere.笑
Great music from the 80s nice beer never ask for food discounting no flavor no salt or pepper at the table I had the steak the top sauce the worst so sad笑
The food was great! Irish nachos & a couple of beers. It's a Sunday, a bit busy nothing to crazy.  1 bartender who waited on everyone. They have a lot of service staff bussers & one barback.  Maribeth was the server / bartender and was very nice.  I'll be back.笑
It was mine and my husbands first time in Vegas and we didnt know where to eat so we were walking and they had a great live band playing so we decided to try it and we both ordered burgers i got a regular burger and my husband got a turkey burger and its been 2 weeks and he still regrets not going back for another he swears it was the best turkey burger he has ever had!! So when we go again this will be a must go!笑
Would come back again, we were in Las Vegas walking down the strip and came across this place. Irish bar restaurant with rock music theme. Food was good, service was good. We sat outside and enjoyed a nice lunch.笑
Came here looking for shots after exploring the strip. Asked for a Washington apple, cant make it. Asked for a baby Guinness, cant make it. Charged me 30 bucks for a pitcher of hard cider. Definitely survives being in business because of location not because of their empty bar, overpriced and not-too-good of a selection of alcohol and the very rude and very snotty bartenders. I do not recommend this place笑
Was here on vacation and this place was amazing! Great good and drinks. The tv set up is awesome if you are watching a game. The staff was really friendly and attentive. Definitely a great Irish pub. I would recommend stopping in if you are walking the strip笑
Vegans beware! My bf and I were walking around looking for a lunch spot and noticed that the menu outside stated they offered a vegan burger. I was, of course, excited to try it! When the burger came out, I cut into it and immediately noticed a string of cheese coming off my knife. I showed my bf and he tried a bite (he's not vegan) and confirmed it was cheese. Our server (can't remember his name) was SO great and understanding. He went back to check with the chef about the ingredients. He told me that the chef said the vegan burger was a gardenburger patty made of tofu and rice and that there is no cheese in it. Unfortunately I didn't believe him and it DEFINITELY had cheese.  So I sent it back and just ended up getting a veggie wrap. Like I said, our server was wonderful and felt terrible and took 20% off the bill. However the chefs at this restaurant need to understand what vegan means vs. 
what vegetarian means. And do not market a VEGAN burger when it clearly isn't one! Very disappointed.笑
It was pretty quiet when we walked in around 11.00pm Saturday evening but the vibe was nice and chill, the air conditioning was lifesaving and the staff were super call. Definitely more relaxed than the one on Sunset Blvd in Los Angeles and hanging at the bar was a nice change of pace from the craziness of the strip.

Ordered a Celtic Makeover cocktail which was perfectly mixed and really hit the spot. Also shared the Irish Nachos which were miles ahead of the crappy nachos we ordered at Tacos & Tequila earlier in the evening. Loved the Kettle Chips instead of Tortilla chips!
Definitely a fan and will definitely come back again!笑
We came in on a Saturday morning around 8:00a for breakfast.
I imagine that Saturday Vegas mornings on the strip are always a bit more low key...
This place was quiet (aside from the punk music playing on the speakers) and we were sat right as we walked in.

I opted for the Irish Breakfast, sausages, eggs, tomato, toast, mushrooms, and bacon.
The bacon was superb, cooked nice and crispy, super thick too.
The eggs were spot on too.
The sausage was delicious and I ate both pieces.
The tomato, was a bit under ripe and still had the hard green stem/core in/on it, which was annoying to cut around, but it was charred just a little, and not quite warm enough.
The toast came without butter, and none was on the table (or too salt and pepper come to think of it).

But we were hungry and it hit the spot.  It was actually really quite tasty and in addition to the free draught beer for checking in on Yelp (FTW!) the servers were nice and always checking on us.

The price was good too, maybe the best I paid for anything all week, at around $20 for breakfast and coffee I'd come here again.笑
This place has a nice Irish entourage to it and it had a live musician playing which was surprisingly good playing a nice mix of evergreens in the countryrock realm. We were seated but it took a while to be served. Once the waitress found our table we ordered two burgers and beers. We had the o'reilly burgers which was OK. The salad was nice too, but I'd expect fries to be served also, but I guess I missed the side-dish paragraph on the menu. All in all a good experience, they have a varied menu including some traditional Irish dishes. 3,5 stars (between A-OK and Yay, I'm a fan)笑
Don't go here for the food. Loved the photos and descriptions on the outside of the building and came back later after we checked yelp and saw that they had five stars wow it was a big disappointment. Poorly trained waitress bungled and kept bungling our order and then was very late with the food. No apologies, no comps or discounts. Weird mellow acoustic act...at a rock bar? Ugh.笑
Omgeeee!! The steak nachos!!! I ate and drank until I couldn't move! Food so good and prime location for people watching, especially over St Patrick's Day! 

Great atmosphere, great food, fast and attentive staff. Couldn't ask for more!  

Will be bringing friends and family that are visiting from out of town. Right snatch in the center of the strip!!笑
Great clean pub food with a light options menu. Excellent service. Our server Melissa was perfect. We happened to ask if the bar carried absinthe and were pleasantly surprised to find they had a bottle of St. George. The bartender served it up well, even though we had to talk him through it a bit. Atmosphere was a nice break from the club feel of most places in Vegas, with music tending toward alt rock.