I'd decided this morning I'd walked by this place one time too many. 

The exterior, truly diner-like, exposes some of the quirky vintage records propped up against the windows, which reminds me of the long gone (from west Durham anyways) Melanie Pringles. 

It seems I walked in just as they opened and was greeted by the wonderful waitress in sunglasses. I resisted the temptation to sit at the counter and thus avoided my cliché movie moment. But I digress, 
All-Day Breakfast is where it's at. True, it's hard to mess with, but when it's good, it's good. Real potatoes for homefries, eggs nicely over-medium, sausage, rye, fruit & a good coffee. 

If anything, the mismatched vinyl chairs & tables and the regulars that were just settling in for their morning coffee was enough to bring me back.笑
Been coming to this establishment on and off since before the ownership change. My most recent visit was the first since the new staff took over.

The food was great, solid diner breakfast fare, no complaints there. Excellent value for money. Large portions and food came quickly after being ordered.

The service however, as others have noted, really seemed to be struggling to keep up. We waited a good 15 minutes to be seated, not because there weren't tables available, but because they were slow to clear the vacated tables. We witnessed the same thing happening to others who arrived after we were finally seated. 

Once seated, we waited around again for menus (finally walked up to the cash and helped ourselves). Food came out at different times, cutlery didn't arrive before or even with the food (had to request it), my daughter's drink never came until we reminded them. The table next to us had requested some sauce and had to remind the server over and over to bring it. It seemed like the staff had no concept of multi-tasking or chaining tasks together in a logical order (i.e., after you take the cleared dishes away to the kitchen, bring new cutlery back with you). 

No complaints about the friendliness of the servers though, they all seemed lovely. I just think with either another server or a little bit more training/process for the staff the overall experience for the customer would be better.

I think I'll go back next time during the week when they are a little less busy to see if that makes a difference.笑
Really not great. The breakfast fare is always decent but today's lunch experience made me vow I wouldn't be back. I had a rubbery chicken Caesar wrap that was tasteless and insubstantial. How do you mess that up? But the fries were decent. So fries and breakfast are good, beware anything else.笑
Once you get past the line up at the door, you will feel as though you are in a flash back to the times when milkshakes were $.10 and you could eat until your hearts content for under a buck. (of course you can't but you will feel like that).  The decor is retro-chic. Records plastered on the ceiling and walls... old movie photos framed and hung absent mindedly... the tables are mix n' match of vintage furniture from what would appear to be value village. It's spectacular. 

I always head there with my friends for brunch. The food is delicious... most of the staff are friendly and the price is unbeatable.  I always get grilled cheese and fries (not so much a breakfast but its suits me just fine!). My friends get Omelette's and we drink Coffee for hours.

Go for the decor, stay for the food.笑
I cannot say enough about my brunch here. From the moment I walked in, the staff was friendly and attentive but not annoying. The waiter I had (a young blonde guy) was great. Nice and efficient. The manager was walking around making sure meals were good, chatting with guests and clearing dishes as needed. As soon as my food was done, my dishes were cleared. My coffee was kept topped up, and he kept an eye on the milk I had and refilled it. 

The food itself was perfect. I had the eggs Benedict with a side of toast. Was cooked to perfection and the portion size was great. Pleasantly surprised by the baked beans included - you could tell they were homemade and not canned. So yummy - I almost wish I'd gotten more of them! 

The atmosphere was lively and upbeat. Overall a wonderful brunch service and I would highly recommend this place to anyone looking for a yummy east york brunch with great service!笑
Another neighborhood institution and a stone's throw from Woodbine Station. All day breakfast and a full menu that has maintained its consistency for over a decade. 

The decor is eclectic which makes it completely unique even with the original menu on the wall and dragon head to the side. Allot of the staff have been there a while and are very friendly. 

I remain with my breakfast but my kids enjoy pasta, wings and the steak. A family meal that will not break the bank. Plus it is licensed.笑
I love the bus terminal. For those that don't know what i am talking about. That's ok, it's gonna be...ok. But after reading this, hopefully you will be encouraged to go check it out.

It located on the danforth, just 20 seconds walk east of coxwell. It is directly south of coxwell station, (halfway between station and danforth).

It is one of my favourite diners in Toronto, definitely.

It is actually an old bus station, and not much has been changed from the exterior, nor the interior.  It has actually been used in a bunch of movies e.g. Get rich or die tryin,

- The food is excellent for its price, which is pretty damn cheap. 
- The coffee is great diner coffee.
- The service is always 'right on the ball', and the ambience is so chill.

The ceilings are covered in old vinyl album sleeves, and they constantly play old jazz on the stereo system.

Its not at the greatest location in the world. There are probably not many reasons for any of us to head out to danforth and coxwell, but Come on.... Hop on the subway, and the Bus Terminal is about 20 seconds walk from coxwell station, so it really isnt a big deal getting there.

Trust me, go out there for a breakfast or lunch sometime, and you will definitely not be disappointed for having to make your way to coxwell.
It's worth the little transit adventure to the dreary East-side.

Slainte



oh wait, I just popped in here yesterday in the hope of having a classic bus terminal lunch. No!!! Under new management.
They've changed everything good about the interior, and the woman working was in the weeds with about 7, maybe 8 customers.
we left very disappointed. my old favourite is a shadow of itself now.


BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!笑
Best place we tried in Toronto, not the best food, but the best place!

The food was really good though, you got exactly what you expected and the service was super good. We found it our 2nd day and went there everyday for breakfast rest of the week, we even order breakfast to be done at 8 AM to be able to pick it up before we went to the airport.笑
In my East York tenure of 3+ years, I have eaten here three times, twice for breakfast and once for lunch.

I think almost all of these kinds of breakfast places can be grouped into two camps.  We will use nearby Sarah's as an example.  

BTD, in group A, has that same generic taste, selection of menu items, etc. as so many similar places in Toronto.  My guess is that very little of their food is made in house.  The kitchen is basically taking frozen products and turning them into food.  You can taste this in the breakfast potatoes, cornbeef, bread, etc.  The reason these places all taste the same is because they all get their supplies from the same places.  I think Sysco is one of the big ones.  It is a cheap and easy way to run a resturant.

Sarah's, in group B, does things in more of "an old fashioned" way.  The food tastes fresher and more individualized.  I feel like there are dishes there, even at breakfast, that won't be quite the same anywhere else.  Or perhaps they are just using a higher quality supplier.  But you get what you pay for and that is why Sarah's is not as inexpensive.

But don't read me wrong--there is nothing wrong with the Terminal Diner.  They understand their market and their market is looking for a cheaper fuss free meal.  They do a good job with this.  I am sure everything here is totally fine, not more and not less.  And often this is...well, just fine.

Service was good on all three visits.  And the ambiance is a lot of fun.

I don't eat breakfast out often (hardly ever) and when I do, I'm willing to spend a little extra.  So, I will usually walk down to Sarah's.  But I'll eat here again too.  Very recommended if you are near Coxwell Station.  Otherwise, you are probably better off finding your own place close to home.笑
Went on Family Day and the place was hopping as we had expected. The staff were friendly but they seemed to be struggling and overwhelmed by the volume of diners - slow to clean-up tables, take orders, complete tickets, and cash out. We weren't in any particular hurry, so it didn't bother us that much, but we could see that other guests were agitated and made the vibe less fun (otherwise, great playlist and fun decor). As for the food, the items are what you'd expect to find at a typical diner but seriously under-seasoned on this occasion... well, that's being kind. Some things were downright bland. We hope they'll iron out the kinks and bounce back to be a really strong and vibrant dining option in the neighbourhood.笑
How have I never reviewed this place?? This morning when I visited I was desperately trying to remember if I liked the homefries here or thought they were "meh" so I looked up my own review for reference, and there wasn't one, so here we go: for reference, the homefries are dynamite, but definitely a vehicle for some ketchup.

As others have mentioned, longtime French-Canadian (come on, she must be) Lisa is the bomb! She'll kick your ass with kindness and a whole lotta sass all at once. I would say ask for her, but chances are if you're visiting between the hours of open & close, she'll be working. 

The diner has very recently been renovated and some of the original vinyl stools are gone, but get a kick out of the original menu board with old school pricing from the 1960s. $0.20 for coffee, $0.40 for french fries, etc. Ahh, the good ol' days.笑
I really loved this place! 
Stopped in last weekend to try a new breakfast place. I'm SO glad we did! Found parking on the street right out front. Although there is a super convenient Green P right next door. Always a bonus.
Atmosphere does a lot for me. And i gotta say, this place has atmosphere up the wazoo. Loved the decor! Old records all over the walls, the diner counter with the faded, old looking sign complete with retro pricing, and the old chrome and laminate tables and chairs (of which i have my own set in the kitchen but my Mum re-apholstered the chairs in the 80's so they've lost much of their cool factor. Shame)
We ordered the standard and classic breakfast; Eggs over medium, rye toast, hashbrowns and criiiispy bacon. Ou yeah. I LURVE breakie. It came fast and hot. I was happy. Now, did it past the taste test too? You betcha! Delish! 
The servers were attentive and i had my little teapot refilled with hot water a couple of times. 
I can't wait to go back!笑
Yummy breakfast. After being turned away from sunset grill because I wanted my eggs cooked over hard, we wandered two doors down and found the terminal. This is one of the few places I've had breakfast that actually knows how to cook an over hard egg properly. Love the bright turquoise booth seats. Service was quick and friendly. And the food wasn't overly greasy. Will be back for sure.笑
First time last Sunday - great menu choices - slight variations on the usual.  I had the spicy Spanish omelette - salsa was gently used and the sausage was delicious.  My wife had the breakfast burrito and it was also excellent.  Great service - attentive staff and very friendly - we will be back even though it is a hike across town to get here.笑
Please keep in mind that this review is dated, but I thought I should share this experience as it was by far the worst I've ever had in any establishment service wise.

Sunday morning brunch, there was a large group of us, adults, teenagers(17-19), and kids (about 10 years old). Now I know what you're thinking: kids at a restaurant are a nightmare and our waitress probably just got a little impatient. Wrong. We were all pretty well behaved, talked amongst  ourselves, used our please's and thank you's, etc. The woman who served us was flat out nasty and there was no reason for us, or anyone for that matter, to be treated this way.

Anyways, we get there, and we were told that we had to sit at separate tables because it was so busy, which was fine. So the kids/teenagers sat together at one and the adults at the other. The adults had no problem with the friendliness or speed in terms of service.

We, however, were severely mistreated. Our server, a woman in her 50's or 60's, slammed down our drinks, practically threw our food down on the table, didn't ask if we needed anything, and seemed to care far more about everyone else than us. Our food also took a very long time to arrive, (30+ minutes) which I can't necessarily blame on her; however, the adults in our group were almost finished eating before we got our food, and two gentleman beside us who ordered after us received what seemed like a heartfelt apology about how long their food took.

As a server, I understand that it can sometimes be difficult to serve a large group of kids. However, it's no excuse to be rude and disrespectful by any means. The adults in our group were less than impressed as well. Maybe she assumed we weren't going to tip because we were kids? Well, incorrect because one of the mothers paid the bill, but if anyone of us had been paying, we'd know to tip accordingly. I would have honestly left nothing (which I have never done to this day) based on how awful the service was. Regardless, judging somebody by their age and serving them based on what kind of tip you think you're going to receive is completely unprofessional.

 I'll take my business to Sunset Grill any day over this place.笑
Who doesn't wants to go to a retro diner straight out of Pleasantville? How about one with a view of a subway station with buses going around in circles? I was always curious about this place, so I tried it a couple times.

The appropriately named Bus Terminal Restaurant sits on the Danforth strip right behind Coxwell station, and probably has been around for as long as the Avenue had a subway line. A dragon's head and other quirky dolls hang around alongside clutters of midcentury-era portraits of celebrities and vinyl album covers. There's a narrow patio with an unremarkable view of the adjacent municipal parking lot and the subway station. An outdated faded menu for nostalgia's sakes hangs above the bar--you wish you can get a steak sandwich for $2 paying 2015 prices!

If it's old-school affordable roadside greasy spoon diner breakfast and lunch you're craving like the movies, this place delivers. It's not gourmet quality get-featured-on-TV kind of greasy spoon food (honestly it's kinda frozen), but it gets you going fine over boundless helpings of coffee and happy hospitality when you're too lazy to make your own food. That's fine for a lot of people here who plant their bums on the reproduction teal diner booth benches.

All floating around $10, the burger menu is a tiny section in their exhaustive current menu. Whether you go for good ol' beef or the breaded salmon, they do have this frozen-to-grill quality to them. Done with builder's basic toppings, but served with a helpful helping of yummy crispy fresh cut fries.

Beer selection is your average big brand bottle varieties, though they also have Steam Whistle. A lot of corporate chain bars like Shoeless Joe's can't even pull that off.

{TTC transit directions: you didn't read this review wholly, did you? c'mon folks!}笑
I just love this place - the food is solid, the service is super friendly and efficient, and the vibe is charming / eccentric.  not everything seems to make sense decor-wise, but that's part of the appeal!  

Alas, not open for dinner except Fridays.笑
Definitely has the decor, down the Dragon head at the entrance is unique. I had the 3 eggs and sausage, the eggs just had home style cooking to them but the interesting star was the home fries just had an unique Greek style roasted potatoe feel to it

Chantal the waitress, got to give it to her for service, seem to be just her and cook running the joint but two people for a small busy spot is great. 

Was a bit empty but it seem to fill up since I got here. Just had that retro 60 diner. Got to chalk up another good find to yelp笑
Have driven by the Bus Terminal plenty of times but today I visited.

Arriving at 2pm on a Sunday, there was a slight wait but only because a bunch of customers had just left and they were cleaning up. We (me & the Missus) waited a whole 3mins which prompted the server to apologize for the wait! Awesome.

Breakfast was fantastic, home fries were seasoned perfectly, coffee was diner-perfect. Also appreciate the all-in pricing.

The service was phenomenal. Our server not only controlled the flow at the door but was incredibly attentive and genuine. Although I never got the name myself, the guest cheque said "Jaz."

Great spot, we will return.

(Also, the interior shots for these photos show stools at the counter. It appears they have renovated so there are many more booths now, including along the counter.)笑
Was looking for a local breakfast place and was pleasantly surprised. Eggs are always cooked to order, never over or under done. And their specials are always inventive and invite you to try something new. Not only is breakfast done well, their sakes are quite tasty. Recommend the chocolate banana. Only down side is they close at 4pm most days.笑
Pleasantly surprised. I had the special  - Cajun pork chop and eggs and hash browns. Tasty. Seasoned well. Decor was nice and the service was very friendly. Would go again. First restaurant on Danforth that was open on a holiday weekend west of woodbine.笑
We returned to the Bus Terminal Diner after an extended hiatus. The menu is now more itemized to make additional options clearer to discern. 

Instead of the big plate special, they offer eggs or eggs and meat (both with toast and potatoes) , omelettes, etc.  I had the eggs (sunny side up) and sausages (five pieces) and brown toast. The eggs were done well (not well done!) 

Their pancake section features various fancy compotes available for an extra cost. I ordered the side pancakes and the warm apple cinnamon sauce. The pancakes were very fluffy and the sauce was not overpowering.

The Bus Terminal Diner still features bottomless coffee with your meals.

The service is excellent: friendly and fast.笑
One of my favorite place. Egg benedic is not good I had to say but their omlette and french toasts are the best!! Owner is around serving but I rather waitresses to do serving part.笑
I love this place the food is awesome and the staff are fabulous so helpful and friendly I love breakfast and lunch menu great value for money def worth going me and my friends would never pass it :-)笑
Visited this place for the first time today and had the breakfast. Was a solid breakfast, one of the better I've had in Toronto. Staff are super friendly. Minus a star for being understaffed during the rush but more so for the bad coffee. Even just a slight improvement in the coffee would make this my go-to breakfast joint.笑
This is a great breakfast place. I have been twice now and I enjoyed it both times.

It is nothing fancy but that's not their style. If you want good, cheap breakfast food then come here. It's an old diner and even has the old menu up from long ago- I wish breakfast still cost $1.00!

I had the classic bacon and egg type dish both times and I enjoyed it. The service is quick! The second time I went we didn't have to wait long for a table of 4 even though there was a line up when we got there. The green P parking lot is right beside it too so it's very convenient. 

I might make this my go-to breakfast spot when I'm in the mood for a full belly and some bacon and eggs!笑
I have been coming to this establishment since I was young. Unfortunately since it reopened under new ownership the quality has drastically gone down. I'm disappointed that my favorite neighborhood restaurant has become one of the last places I would want to go. I truly hope they make some improvements and bring back some if not all of the quality and taste they  use to have.笑
Old school diner.  Old school hospitality.  I was very happy with my BLT and home fries.  A plain and simple review for a plain and simple place.笑
Very busy, but yummy breakfast!!!! The waitresses are all super friendly. Convenient place to have, so close to home:) Will definitely return in the future.笑
With great anticipation (avg of 4.5 stars!), I took my wife here this morn.

Pros:

-cheap (under $17 for 2)
-authentic
-fast!
-Lisa (bubbly waitress)
-greenP parking at door

Cons:

-omelettes made on grill, rather than pan
-homefries were par-boiled (too much) then quickly deep fried
-typically bad but drinkable diner coffee

NEXT time, I'll try the new home-made waffle ("not Eggo anymore" - Lisa), and I may go there for lunch this week.  Stay tuned, as they say.
(BTD lost .1 stars for putting straws in their water glasses, but gained it back for the fresh pineapple slice with the fruit garnish.)

Cute aside - I asked our waitress "are you Lisa?"  She was, and I told her I knew from her good reviews on Yelp.  She was excited about this, but "only has a phone", so she said she'd check it out on her sister's computer.

----------------
Quick edit:  went back the next day for lunch.  Triple-layer grilled cheese on rye, and both regular and sweet potato fries were good.  (Regular were better.)笑
I've always passed by this place and wondered.  People, wonder no more it's a very good greasy spoon.

It also cured my hangover.

Your basic greazy spoon with lots of options. I ordered and ate the biggie breakfast (Halloween hangover). It was perfect! 

Sure I could make better hotcakes, but my head hurt and i was tired. I'm happy to pay $9.99 for 3 eggs, toast, bacon, home fries and hotcakes.

I'm coming back. 

Also, we had a great server, attentive!笑
I was excited to try this place after seeing some photos of the interior, which is actually quite cute. In the end, it is typical diner fare - nothing out of the ordinary.

I had eggs over-easy, back bacon, toast and potatoes. I didn't love the potatoes (kind of hard and not well cooked). Everything else was fairly average, including the coffee.

My partner had a milkshake and a reuben - I believe he was more impressed than I, but we agreed that we could get an equally good breakfast elsewhere.笑
Solid reasonably priced diner.  Definitely opt for the traditional sandwiches, egg combos, omelettes.  Servers are attentive with coffee, which is always a good thing.   The only reason I do not rate it any higher is that it's realy nothing out of the ordinary.  The food is decent, the prices are decent, but the seating is kind of awkward as is the layout.  I would go back if I was in the area, but I definitely would not go out of the way笑
Normally I might have rated this diner a 4 star.  It's definitely improved since the last time I went a few years ago. 

This visit started really well.  I arrived with my wife and found a great table,  the young waitress that served us was full of smiles and quick to give us menus and take our drink orders.   I ordered a decaf and was surprised to learn that they didn't serve decaf.  I thought it was strange so the waitress went to check only to come back a few minutes later letting me know that indeed they did serve decaf.

The steak and eggs served to the table next to me looked good so I ordered the same.   The food came amazingly fast - and to be honest - it was quite good.  The steak was a little rough but hey - it's a breakfast diner - what could I expect.    

But that is when the visit started to go down hill.  First it was the butter knife I was given - it just wouldn't cut the steak.  It took me at least 5 minutes to get the waitresses attention - and that was only after a rather loud gruff 'excuse me' in order to get a steak knife.  5 minute doesn't seem long now,  but at the time - watching the waitress serve tables all around us without making eye contact - it seemed like forever.  

While eating my dinner I watched as another client came in,  she was alone and the place was getting busy.  The second, older waitress directed her to what has to be the worst table in the house. The client didn't seem impressed but resigned to sit where she was told.  As soon as she sat down however it became quite clear that the table had a nasty wobble - not a small wobble - a really big one.  She got up and move to the table next to her and quickly received a curt reprimand from the second waitress.  After explaining the problem, the waitress ROLLED HER EYES at the client and our waitress was asked to put something under the leg to stop the wobble. Then client was TOLD to go back to that table.   Needless to say the wobble wasn't gone and the client got in disgust  and left the restaurant.  

And who could blame her.  Part of the joy of going out for breakfast is too have an enjoyable stress free breakfast.  Being chastised in public certainly isn't what you would look forward to.  

Although my food was good, and aside from the knife issue I was pretty impressed with my service - that scene with the other client - and seeing how she was treated - really bothered me.  And because of that I dropped my rating to a 3 star.笑
"I am really happy right now,"  I said aloud to Kat F as we ate Bus Terminal food this morning.  When I was in high school, a bus terminal lunch was whatever you could get from the vending machines at the bus terminal in St. Catharines (usually cookies or chips and a pop.  Sometimes Andrew and I would get cookies and chips and split).

This diner is top notch.  Nestled between a bank and a parking lot at Danforth and Coxwell, I felt happy here this morning eating greasy breakfast, and said so. 

The good:
- HASHBROWNS!!!  These were GOOD hashbrowns, and if you have perused my breakfast list, you will know that I'm a harsh judge when it comes to morning potatoes.
- My medium soft poached eggs were perfectly done.
- There is a parking lot right next door!  A Toronto first for a breakfast joint.
- Cheap - it was $17 for two breakfasts
- Good enough coffee that comes free with your breakfast
- They have takeout!  

The bad:
- my crispy bacon was flimsy and fatty and next time I would order a different meat
- It's probably rammed on the weekend.  It's pretty empty at 1000 on a Tuesday though.

The weird-and-awesome:
Lisa.  Our waitress Lisa is fantastic.  She wears sunglasses inside and laughed at the menu misspellings as much as we did.  She was entertainment to the max.

Would I go back here again?
I might go back tomorrow.笑
- i used to stop in here whenever i was passing by the coxwell ttc station for a snack.
- the servers are really nice and dont mind if you just hang out all day.
- servicable diner with all your standard greasy spoon diner fare. 
- all day breakfast. frozen hamburgers. poutine with yellow cheddar.
- nothing to truly right home about.笑
**Snowy Toronto morning, got the kids to school a bit late...was feeling hungry grabbed a People Mag.  and went for Breakie, this place as other reviewers have said is a retro diner been there since the 50's maybe before

**had the 3 poached eggs, rye toast, ham  came w/homefries, 2 slices of pineapple, one slice of melon and wedge of orange. 

**The service was great, as usual, wish I knew her name but she is always there.  What more can I say everything was fresh, the potatoes were good.....they didn't screw it up.   

@12.95  incl.tax and $3 tip...笑
Having lived in the area for well over a year, I have always walked briskly by this place deeming it nothing short of a greasy spoon dive. Shady at best. Greasy spoon, that it is. A dive? Hardly!

As I finally walked into the diner (whose exterior made good use of the brown and orange colour combo of the 70s), my eyes danced about the decor from its vinyl record sleeves that lined the walls to the man holding a chicken (?) in the window. The mismatched tables and chairs (some of which were taped up vinyl) added to the diner's character. And finally I knew I was in for a treat when the server said "sit anywhere you wish - it's  a game of musical tables!"

With every diner, I must try the all-day breakfast (nothing fancy: scrambled eggs, sausage or bacon - today was sausage, potatoes aka Bus-taters and toast). Though the potatoes didn't rock my world, the food was very tasty and super cheap and the service was ridiculously fast and friendly.

Here's a game though - look at their menu and find all the typos! It's kinda cute and endearing.

The downside to discovering this gem so close to home is that I discovered this gem so close to home :)笑
I meant to go next door to Sunset Grill. Oops!! Took a seat in the retro furnished diner and was a bit nervous. I order the Greek omelet. To my surprise it was fantastic! It was an plain egg omelet stuffed with goodness. It came with home fries that were amazingly yummy. With a coffee it set me back $10 which I thought was well worth it.笑
Had brunch here. The food is good. The potatoes are crispy and tasty. Eggs cooked perfectly. Excellent service too. I'd go back, for sure.笑
Went out for brunch with my roommates and was very impressed with what looked like a hole in the wall from the outside. The inside was a mix of retro and quirky decor that somehow worked alarmingly well together.

The service was great. My very attentive server, who filled up my coffee cup without being prompted as I was reaching the end every time, had a charming, genuine smile throughout the whole service. I got the Eggs Benedict and it was delicious and a huge portion for the price I paid. I also stole a bite of my roomie's waffles, which were equally as good.

Great service, great food, great atmosphere. Check it out.笑
Fun dinner. Very nostalgic. Great food. Not everything available for all day breakfast. No vegan options bit they did accommodate us as we are vegetarian. Very friendly and fast service.笑
I have tried this place twice in the last 2 years. The first time, the service was so surly (and not in a good way) that it took me while to be curious enough to give it another try.

Recently, I went back and the food was really second rate. If you can't do pancakes and coffee well, what's left? That's right, nothing.笑
The food is amazing! Literally everything we tried was spot on. Wish they stayed open later笑
Angry server alert!
Fifth time here but first time served by angry unsmiling server....
Ouch!
All others are really pleasant...

Five minute coffee delivery, dirty cup, unsmiling 'you know what you want?' demeanor....
It's okay to have a bad day but please do not punish me please...笑
Love this place, been there quite a few times since we moved to the area.  Excellent service, Excellent vibe and Excellent food!  I don't know what the bad reviews are about.  The food is always FRESH and cooked to order.  We are especially impressed with the fruit that is always fresh & tasty.  For a greasy spoon restaurant it is our #1!!!  I have to say even the burgers are amazing cooked to perfection and FRESH not frozen.  My husband is an excellent Chef Manager and knows the difference all too well.  This is a great hangover place too!笑
Greasy spoon, quick food, classic diner coffee. Good times.笑
Been here multiple times with friends and family and it has always been a great breakfast. Big servings, clean place, and the chocolate chip pancakes are always a treat! And the staff is friendly and prompt. Just a tip, maybe they could have blinds or curtains because the sunlight could get very uncomfortable especially if there is nowhere else to seat but the ones beside the windows.笑
A diner is a diner but a good diner is always nice to find. 
I came to The Bus Terminal Diner on an early Sunday afternoon and it was packed which I guess was to be expected.
I was really craving a good Club Sandwich and I wasn't disappointed the the club from the bus terminal, nice big pieces of seasoned chicken breast and a perfect side of fries. I have yet to try anything else but from the looks of everyone else's food and from the big lineups I'm guessing its all pretty good笑
Stopped by here on the weekend for breakfast after reading the fantastic reviews. What a gem! From the moment you step in there, it's like being home. Friendly staff and the other patrons were all equally happy. 

Our waitress was amazing. Very personable and friendly. I had the steak and eggs with some French toast and the wife had eggs with a side of beans. Delicious. While we were digging in, a waiter came by with a single sausage on a plate and said, "we shorted you a sausage". We all laughed. Apparently they always serve 4 sausages and there was an extra one there and the cook said he forgot to put it on our plate. How awesome! 

This is my first visit here but it definitely won't be my last. In fact we're planning to make this our weekend thing. You won't be disappointed.笑
Bus Terminal Diner is an awesome little "greasy spoon" in the East Danforth area, located directly behind Coxwell station.

THE GOOD:
- The quirky, mismatched decor inside gives the place a 1950s diner vibe and really just adds to the charm. The seats and booths are a turquoise vinyl, and I just love how obnoxious they are. 
- What really compelled me to write this review was the service - our server, Amanda, was an absolute sweetheart. She checked on us every few minutes and was truly genuine. A filling breakfast combined with her positive energy was just what we needed to kickstart our day. 
- This place is a great bang for your buck. You can't go wrong with a plate of toast, eggs, fruit and peameal bacon for $9. 

THE BAD:
- You get what you pay for. Bus Terminal Diner has hearty, home-cooked food, but it's not going to be the best meal you ever ate.

For those mornings when we are too lazy to cook and don't want to break the bank, this is our spot.笑
Lovely decor- really quaint. Service was nice, and fast! Excellent selection of food- not bad quality; good bang for your buck!笑
After a slow start following the reopening, this diner has become our go-to place for breakfast and the occasional lunch or dinner. The food selection is typical for a greasy spoon diner but the food quality is good and keeps us going back. Staff are friendly and coffee cups are never empty. Thelma has a great memory and remembers our favourite meals, not a small feat considering how busy the place can get.笑
I love this place. It's my go to breakfast joint when I feel the pull of fried potatoes. Chantal, the manager, is the sweetest person who strives to make your experience as enjoyable as possible. The food is always fresh and delicious (the fries are fresh cut!), they allow customization without eye rolls or complaints, and most of the wait staff are wonderful (there was one pill, but it looks like she may have gone the way of the dodo). Their hollandaise sauce is tasty and their peameal is perfect. My only issue is the butter chicken which lacks the requisite punch, but it's passable. Really though, you can't go wrong here. There's something for everyone!笑
Good bargain for quantity, quality and price.

I would return if in the neighbourhood.笑
Best value in the area in terms of bang for buck. Typical diner food in a very classic ambiance. Could film a movie here and make it look like it is in New York City if they haven't done it already.

The breakfast serving is generous -- three eggs any style, nice home home fries and actual fruit , free coffee refills. At less than seven bucks, tax included, heck yea.  

Service is fast and correct. The ladies that serve there are nice and diverse. But more importantly I should point out that they are trustworthy. I forgot my smart phone here -- loosing it would be a major work security headache -- the server found it, kept is safe and I got it back. Thanks Rita -- you are awesome.笑
consistently delivers one of the best breakfasts in Toronto! quick and friendly staff that keep u wanting to come back every Sunday morning!笑
Exactly what you want from a greasy spoon / diner breakfast. Super friendly and fast staff. A weirdly non-obvious outdoor patio (skinny deck alongside the building) doesn't offer much of a view (parking lot) but it is outdoors, and has one of those wrought iron fences, so it's actually pretty idea if you want to take your dog out for a walk and tie them up where you can keep an eye on them while you eat breakfast.

Also it's worth going on a weekday just to see the clientele; a delightful coterie of Fellini film extras eating hash browns. I say this in the most affectionate way.

I don't think I've ever eaten lunch here, it just seems made for breakfast.笑
This place has re-opened under new ownership! I went to a soft open last weekend and had some coffee and took a look at the new menu and takeout window. They've made a lot of improvements to the space without diminishing any of its kitsch charm. (The teal blue banquettes are still there, and so is the dragon!) Also, the new owner told me they're moving away from frozen food and trying out a fresher menu. Some diner standards are still there: omelettes, French toast, reubens, etc. There's even a chicken and waffles dish!笑
The breakfast are a sure win and the servers are pleasant the only downside is the seatting is very tight in the front area笑
Bus Terminal Diner is the kind of place I wish I could visit everyday.  It's cheap and unpretentious with reliably delicious breakfast food.  I completely agree with the other reviewers that are raving about Lisa.  I have to say that she alone earns the place an extra star; Lisa is quick, full of warmth and totally awesome!

If you're looking for a relaxed home style diner in Toronto, this is as good as it gets.笑
Thought I would give new ownership another try.

same old, same old...

- over easy eggs were over beyond hard.
- tater tots, I mean "hash browns" were soggy.
- sausage was well cooked, on one side anyway.
- bacon was good enogh but not so good as to cancel out the eggs, hash browns and sausage.

Again, had to ask for the bill twice after we confirmed we wanted nothing else. "just the bill please" 
Our second request was meant with one of the better eye rolls I have seen.

No third try......

only gave it a two, because I like the look of the place and the eye roll really was one of the best.....笑
I effing love this place, and I don't care what anyone says. 

Maybe other places have fancier, fluffier brunch dishes, but Bus Terminal serves it up old school; milkshakes, bacon, Hollandaise sauce, eggs (just....eggs....) and toast, covered in butter. 

Sometimes the service is brutal, but I don't care, because once I'm devouring a plate full of chocolate chip pancakes, I tend not to care about the world beneath my feet, just that my pancakes are fluffy, chocolately and beyond anything you could ever imagine. 

Sometimes the tables, they are stick. But I don't care, because once I bite into those delicious, not too much, not too little home fries, the angels gather above and hum a low tune, reminding me that food should only be this good when you're an angel yourself. 

Sometimes, you never get a glass of water, even if you ask like 6 times because they're busy, but I care not, for the toast, she is a drenched in enough creamery butter to bring on fierce angina. 

You're getting the picture, right?笑
Want a "vintage" diner with out the hipster-douche bags? This is the place.

Sure, it's way out east, but it's right at Coxwell station, and sometimes a trip outside the rectangle that is downtown-Toronto is good for you. 

When I went my friend and I had really great french toast, for super cheap. All the food is cheap, it's a diner after all, so you get pretty much what you expect (greasy, fatty, great portions for cheap...and tasty).

But what I liked best about this place, even more than the decor-- which featured a dragon head, a flying pig, old school diner furniture, old vinyl record covers on the ceiling and old black and white photos of old celebrities (most of whom I had NO IDEA who they were)-- was the feel of the place. The friendly, calm-yet-quick, service, and a place where people will recognize you as a person not just a dollar sign (our server Sonia was so great...especially considering they were trying to clean up/close up but never kicked us out or gave us dirty looks or anything).

Oh and I also love that they still have their original menu from like, 1957 up on the wall so people can jokingly ask for a small fries for 15 cents.笑
Went there today for some late lunch, and I want this place to be my new home. The diner decor is absolutely on point, from the actual booths to the plastic condiments bottles. Overall, if you are in for an as-seen-on-my-fave-movies vibe, it's right on, with the exception  of more modern (but undeniably quality) music. The service was absolutely incredible, It really doesn't get better than that. Honestly, I really couldn't find a single complaint even if i tried to.

 As for the food, I ordered a beef burger with a side of putine, and while the latter was just fries in gravy topped with melted marble cheese, it was still pretty good. All i can say is that it's much more than you can expect from a 10 dollar burger and fries anywhere else. My friends and i also had milkshakes (Vanilla, strawberry and chocolate) and my vanilla was probably the best milkshake I've ever had (and it was even served in a classic tall milkshake glass). Really, its the real life five dollar milkshake (actually only $3.75) 

NOTE that that hours on yelp are currently wrong, and while i didn't take a picture of the new times, I am pretty sure they are open until five for most days instead of 4.笑
The soup was amazing. The service was really friendly without being overbearing and the prices are pretty hard to beat.笑
Just had a really solid breakfast at the Bus Terminal.  I came soon after they reopened and you could tell they were still finding their legs.  This was 5 star experience so they've definitely got it all figured out.

I went with the standard bacon and eggs that comes with rye (your choice) toast, 3 pieces of fresh fruit, in-house baked beans and crispy home fries.  Everything cooked perfectly.  The service was exceptional and the coffee very good - never under half a cup before being asked if I want more.  All this for about $10.  Great value.

I'll be back for lunch and dinner soon.  Congrats to the new owners for taking this landmark restaurant and making it great again.笑
I had 4 fluffy chocolate pancakes with bacon with on the side. yummy! The food was good/average. The pancakes could have been a tad more soft. 
It felt sweet and cozy, with lots of vintage photos plastered around the diner, and the bright green vinyl booth seats added to the retro feel. I'll be back!笑
I used to love this brunch spot but now that it's under new management and new ownership they have really terrible food and abysmal service.

Had eggs benny. Asked waitress for eggs to be medium, they came basically raw. The white part of the egg when you poach it should not be completely runny, it's unedible slime... you know what. I'd specifically asked for medium eggs and got raw ones so I ate none of my eggs. Also ordered the spinach benny because I am vege, they serve baked beans with your meal that have bacon in them so if you're a vegetarian you can't enjoy the beans.

My main issue is that I asked specifically the way I wanted my eggs to be poached because so often they are underdone. I was told they did them medium as a standard. When they arrived they were not.

I'd eaten at this restaurant for 20 or so years, I will not be going back unless there is a change of ownership. The food is terrible.笑
Here for the first time and loved it. A true diner experience. Great service, great food. I will be back.笑
A great all purpose diner. We have family who live nearby, so after the long drive in from Montreal it was nice to be able to walk over and stretch our legs, and then sit down for some comfort food. 

I had the breaded salmon burger. A thin square piece of salmon battered and deep fried, along with burger fixings. A little bit like a filet o fish done right. Alongside the burger were delicious fries: not thick, not too thin, a bit crispy but a bit soft, nicely salted. 

On a previous visit we had breakfast here, and it was delicious as well.  Just your typical diner fare, nothing fancy and priced right.

And an FYI, the restaurant has been renovated the pictures currently posted were taken. There are now bright turquoise booths to sink into. A real comfy sort of place, with lots to look at.笑
Can't believe I have never visited this place (as a grown adult) before! Cute, classic looking diner with squishy green booths. The server was very friendly and the food was exactly what you would expect from a diner breakfast. Good portion, greasy but not too greasy, and most of the classic brunch dishes available (the only thing missing I believe was french toast). I actually think the beans were the most memorable part - tasted like a maple barbecue flavour. Very tasty! Would definitely go back again for a cheap and cheerful brunch.笑
Reopened under new ownership. 

Went with the family for and It is exactly what you'd expect from your run of the mill generic brunch joint. Our server seemed quite distracted and not particularly friendly. The kitchen appeared to be struggling getting their tickets straight. We were there in excess of half an hour after asking for an ETA, our sever told us that the food "will get there when it gets there" followed by an eye roll and a snide remark to a coworker. Needless to say, we were quite underwhelmed by the whole experience. Too bad.笑
After having been advised this was a better place than next door's "Sunset Grill ( which I would not recommend as it is not up to the standard of the other franchise places) I finally stopped by for Breakfast this morning. Reminded me of the old fashioned diner of years ago. Great food - prices - service - dated atmosphere but thats fine. Great place to take the family, there were two families there with kids today and it all added to the atmosphere. Took a peek at the regular menu, and it certainly looked adequate so will give it a try and will report back.