Stopped into T-Swirl as it was right across from the hotel I was staying at.  They have been open a week and this is their Soft Opening, so 20% off. Good Deal !  

I decided to stick with a winner for me which is a Banana Chocolate Crepe.  There were a pile of people behind the counter, but there was a very friendly gal that took my order.  She told me it would be a few minutes wait.  I understood the reason for all the people behind the counter, and that was because it was worker training going on.  
There is a very small area to eat your crepes ( a counter with 3 chair, and bench, for maybe another 3-4 people.  There is a space along the side the construction area (that's what I'm calling it) as you can watch your crepe being made.  Which I thought was very fun to watch.  

I got my crepe and luckily there was a space for me to sit and eat it.  

The crepe was very good and albeit a bit messy, I thought that it was just the right amount of sweetness and flavour.  While I finished my crepe there were plenty of people coming in to take a look.  

Overall, Service was very good and the crepe was delish.  The delivery speed of the crepe wasn't stellar, but I'm thinking that with the training going on, that they'll improve with time.  The worst part of this is that it's directly across the street from the hotel I typically stay at.  I have visions of me trying more of their crepes...笑
I know people are hyping about this place...
But just my opinion, after trying it for one time... Sucks!!!

I give in for the fact that it is a creative way of serving crepes, and hence the hype...

But to be honest, The crepe dough is breaking into pieces as you hold it in ur hand... It is like it is hard work to eat that crepe!!
Flavor: I took the chocolate nut Party... Flavor of chocolate is ok, but then they add some whipping cream, which is very sour, really destroys the taste, in a very bad way, real bad!!!
Chocolate ice cream tastes really bad as well!!!

I like the concept of the place, but the taste is really terrible, obviously will not come back笑
I got the chocolate nut party crepe to share with my girlfriend. I really liked the taste. We wanted to share one and they offered to split the crepe in half and wrap them separately for us. Really convenient!笑
Since they had a 20% off promo, we decided to try it out. It was their grand opening and the store was very busy.

I've never had a "crêpe cone" before, so why not? Their window display models were eye catching! (See pic).

The space was newly constructed and furnished, but small. They have seating for around 8 people.

Service was very slow. We waited over 20minutes for one crepe.

We ordered the Matcha Azuki bean crepe (reg $9.98). It was made fresh and assembled in front of us. It had a few pieces strawberry, cream/yogurt, a pinch of red bean/almonds, and the Matcha ice cream in the centre. It tasted good, but could've used more toppings and fruit though.

It is expensive compared to other crêperies that sell Japanese crepe cones in Toronto (around $7).

The concept and design was cute. They even have a small triangle bag for crepes to go.

I'm a sweets person, so I liked it. This place reminded me of the Wanda's waffles that was closed down on Yonge due to condos. 

I might be back. Probably not. But maybe.笑
This is a newer crepe place that popped up. I decided to check it out and ordered the Nutella banana crepe with strawberries. It was really delicious. A bit pricey as the total came to around $10. The crepe was really sweet and rich. There are also savoury crepes as well if you prefer. I would visit again but maybe as a once in a while treat. There isn't really much of a seating area so I suggest taking this to go.笑
Their soft opening is today and they are doing a 20% discount. Even with the discount it's about 10$ after tax, still expensive. They have savory crepes and sweet ones.

I had the blueberry cheesecake and it was disappointing. The ice cream was vanilla and the crepe had cream cheese in it... It woulda been better if the ice cream had been cheesecake flavor. I would not come back.

Fyi This is a franchise.笑
Came here on my way home after work, got the banana chocolate, and green tea icecream, soooo gooood! The sweet level was at the perfect level, fruits were fresh too!  Will bring my coworkers here next time yo笑
Really excited about this place! I loved the window display of all of their crepes and the one I ordered even looked like the display! You can add on stuff if you can't find a combination on their normal menu to make it into the perfect snack! The crepe itself was a bit crispy which was fantastic for holding its cone shape while you chowed down! Loved the vibes, although I felt they seemed a little frazzled behind the counter at the beginning. Can't wait to go back, love it!笑
The matcha ice cream was really creamy and the overall taste of the crepe was okay. However the wait was too long, I watched whilst the girl made the crepe and it literally took her more than 10 minutes for each crepe. Had to wait for around half an hour in line when there was only 2 people before me. Portion wise it was fine, but I'd like more topping for the $10+ I spent. Needless to say, it was definitely on the pricier side. On the plus side, the renovation is really modern and nice. Everything is new and the store looks quite shiny and clean. Unfortunately, I don't think I will be going back.笑
Went to their soft opening with 20%off but their crepe is hard and and not as tasty as it should be. It was disappointing and I expected it to be more flavourful. It felt just like an European stye pancake with some ice cream added to it with chocolate sauce. It was not really bad, more bland I would say.笑
Tried the chocolate nut crepe, it was a amazing! The flavour of the chocolate was good, but the whip cream was literally the icing on the cake. So good! 

The way they serve the crepe in a cone is pretty unique and makes it easier to eat while on the go!

They have a 20% discount right now for grand opening but I'd say the prices are still pretty fair even without the discount.

Will definitely be coming back!笑
New crepe place in town. Had the Matcha Azuki Bean, and it was delicious. Will try the savory smoked salmon next time.笑
I had the egg white mushroom truffle for lunch. It filled me right up and was delicious. It is super easy to hold the crepe in my hands and walk around. I had about 15 minutes to finish my lunch and this was perfect as I spent a few minutes waiting for the crepe then just walked away with food in my hands. 
I did not get a chance to try the sweet crepes but will definitely try them when I'm in the area again. The boss there was very nice to me too, say hi to him, you just might make a new friend.笑
The chocolate nut crepe was worth the price given the amount of toppings. However, the fruit based crepes tend to provide too little fruits and mainly just eating the crepe shell. Tasted good just not worth the pricey tag at $11笑
It is their soft opening and everything is 20% off.  I ordered the Blueberry cheesecake crepe and it came around to $9.01 (that is with 20% off).  It is kind of pricey.

The presentation on the crepes are very beautiful and well-done .  The crepe was pretty good and it pairs well with the vanilla ice cream/blueberries.  The only thing I would love for them to do is just get a cream cheese ice cream instead of putting actual cream cheese.  

Customer service was very friendly and I was greeted with a smile from all the staff .  The store is cool and their crepe display out in the front put me in awe.

Overall,  I would come back to buy an occasional crepe but I would like to try their veggy/salmon crepes.