Wonderful for the price. Honest cooking. Chana masala or any stew they have is not greasy which is great. Is it gourmet Indian food? No. Should you expect gourmet Indian for $10 bucks? NO. So for the money this place is 5 stars.Ǿ
Had Maja for the first time this past Tuesday - great selection and options, everything was buffet style and smelled delicious! So far there is no "dine-in" menu and is more of an order and sit down type restaurant (IKEA-like). Butter chicken was delicious and naan bread was freshly baked on the spot. Friendly and quick service. Only thing to mention would be the lack of options in terms of mild/medium/hot dishes. Only 1 option for everything and I found it a tad on the medium side if your not a huge spicey  fan! Worth a taste if your in the area!Ǿ
Love this place, I come here for lunch 1-2 times per week for vegetarian thali.  Family owned and small with delicious fresh food, happy to give them my business. Naan is made to order.Ǿ
It was very tasty. I was warned to vindaloo was spicy. I love spicy food, but wow. It was spicy. Stomach hurt all night. My fault.Ǿ
I had their veg thali.  the curry and rice were ok.  They gave me fresh naan which was nice but I felt like I didn't have enough good veg food to eat it with. I also got some vegetable masala and I didn't care for it.  And their spinach tofu - I did not like at all.  I didn't care for the salad either.

I also had their rice pudding.  I just don't like indian rice pudding I guess. It just doesn't taste fresh to me perhaps because of the method in making it or some kind of spice they use in it. It just didn't sit with me well. 

I regretted eating it.  I needed to flush it out of me.Ǿ
I am a fan.  I walked by the place almost weekly and smelt the amazing spices coming out of the restaurant.  I didn't get enough courage to try it just yet.  A vegetarian friend told me that he had tried the restaurant and he liked it.  I moved across the street and I finally took a bite.  Boy am I glad that I did.  Flavourful, Spicy & Authentic.  The meat samosas are delish.  We did try the curries as well. Fresh naan made to order as well.  I just came back from my third trip in the past week and a half.  Can't wait to try more.  Not bad at all, would recommend.Ǿ
I was hesitant to come to this place since it look like fast food and I love indian food.
I got a vegetable thali my husband got meat thali, they gave us freshly made naan woowww!!!!! Then we started eating our food and we were both Amazed of the amazing flavours every single dish had, everything was so delicious, so home made, it did actually reminded me of my travels in India, finally I found a good place downtown, I am so coming here as much as I canǾ
Been 4 or 5 times already since this relatively new place opened. Family owned by some very pleasant people which is always nice.

Have had nearly everything on the menu and will continue to keep going back. The butter chicken is some of the best I have ever had, rice is great and the naan is made on the spot to order. 

Definitely recommend to anybody in the area.Ǿ
FIRST!

Maja Indian Cuisine opened last Friday, Nov 14th.  To much great fanfare for new cuisine in the Bloor East 'hood, there was a long lineup around lunch hour. I waited about 15 minutes, as they were still getting into gear of serving a ravenous Indian nomming crowd.

Despite their being new to the lunch crowd game, I patiently stood in line chatting up a few strangers ahead and behind me, trying to figure out what I wanted to have for lunch.  After those brief conversations, I had decided upon the Thali, which included a delicious medley of Indian cuisine involving Lamb curry, Chicken Tikka, naan, chickpeas, salad, and a delicious rice pudding - I was really impressed since I'm not even really into dessert!

In total, the damage was $11.30 including taxes.  Upon taking to the task of devouring my gargantuan Indian lunch (pls see pix), I had to loosen my belt a notch and just mellow out a half an hour before attempting anything productive.

I was pleasantly surprised of how good the quality of the food is at Maja, I just hope the keeping what they do for the long run and dishing out amazing Indian cuisine.  I can only imagine they'll get better over time...Ǿ
I ordered their combo of 2 chicken dishes including their butter chicken. It came with a little bit of rice, naan, chickpeas, and rice pudding. I also ordered extra somasas. I thought that the food was very salty (and I usually put salt on everything.) The samosas were quite greasy, and they don't give you enough tamarind sauce for the samosas. I asked for some extra rice, and the woman at the counter did not want to give me any-- I asked for extra rice, so I can eat it with the sauce. To be frank, I have had a lot better food and for less money.

I was quite disappointed. I will try another Indian restaurant in the future.Ǿ
The food is yummy (and authentic) and the service is good. Love this place for quick lunch.Ǿ
Went there for lunch on whim and ordered tandoori chicken. Food was absolutely bland I could barely stomach it. Worst Indian food I have ever tasted. On the plus side staff were friendly but that can't compensate for the awful food.Ǿ
Food was great. I'm not big on Indian food so I wasn't sure what was on the menu. The guy was more than happy to explain it to me. I got a combo for $10. Came with 2 meats/veg/rice/naan/Rice Pudding. I asked for the tandoori chicken expecting 2 small pieces... but I got one. The Naan was cooked fresh infront of me and the guy cashed me out. When I was walking out he told me he was about to close... which got me thinking why didn't they just give me more tandoori chicken if they are closing? But the food was good. Service was great! Just disappointed that they were cheap on the pieces of chicken. BTW. The rice pudding was AMAZING.Ǿ
Each time I headed east of Church on Bloor, I saw a sign saying "Fresh Indian Food coming soon".  

Lo and behold, about two weeks ago they finally opened.  When I saw that it had opened, I was super excited.

I've had the exact same thing both times I've been here.  The non-veg Thali which comes with your choice of 2 meats, chickpeas, rice and naan bread.  Each time I've had butter chicken and lamb meatballs as my 2 meats.  

The butter chicken is delicious and there is a nice spice to the lamb.  Chickpeas, rice and naan are all of your standard quality and fresh.   Overall, I think this is a solid lunch place for the working folk around the area though it is slightly pricey at $9.99 for the non-veg Thali.  Ah well, I'll still be back.Ǿ
Foodies all know that home style cooking is the best. 

Foodies know that the family owner takes more pride in their cooking than the chain store.

I found a great indian lunch spot near work and I just had to try it.

For $8-$10 you can get a Thali plate with 2 meat dishes and several veggies plus Basmati rice and Naan

Watch the husband and wife cooking away on their little stove as they put their heart and soul into what they are doing what they love to do? cooking great food

I really found the chicken to be spicy good and the big chunks of lamb in a rich sauce. I am finding butter chicken to be somewhat heavy lately but i had to try theirs and it was very good as well.

Typical of great restos near office towers it can get filled up quick at lunch and they have seating for i think about 24 people.

So a nice selection of items and i had an awesome chai tea...cardamon seeds were in the cup....thats how mama Maja makes it...authenticǾ
I just discovered this amazing place!! The food here tasted homemade, fresh, spice, delicious. I always pass by here and the spice from inside always feeds my mind for some indian food cravings. The interior of this place did not look appealing to me so i always just walked by not in. I finally caved in and went to this place and purchased the vegetarian combo platter. It was around $12 the portion was huge!! Could literally eat for 2 people. The naan was delicious when dipped with the chickpea concoction. The service was from mom and pop but they were excellent and detailed. I opted to eat in. I cleared everything in my dish and was full. I opted to come the next day and the day after. It was that delicious. I would definitely come back again for lunch or early dinner. It's a hidden gem and great find in my books.