Staff very nice, food is horrible, no taste...go to BUFFET ASIA, same price better food!!Ǿ
I was in the area and dropped in for Lunch ($9.50) The dining room is very spacious with both tables & Booths and 1 Large Screen TV. They offer the usual Chinese fare with the standout item being real meaty BBQ Ribs on the bone vice that Red Meat stuff offered at some Chinese buffets. The sushi (Cali Rolls & variations) was fresh and the buffet offered both peel & eat shrimp (hot) & already peeled shrimp on ice, which is excellent for me because I like to "top off" my rolls with a piece of shrimp.

 As far as the General Chicken, spicy chicken etc. goes, it was perfect with the right amount of sauce & spice. I have no complaints or qualms about returning here for lunch, But in my opinion its is a close second to Buffet @ Asia which in the "no fuss, in & out, affordable" Chinese buffets I have been to here in Vegas is still #1.Ǿ
No bueno!!!
Why you gotta make me a sad panda
I came here one day after class because I saw it had been remodeled so I decided to give it a go and was immediately saddened by that decision. 
The food was mediocre. Like it wasnt bad and cold the way some people said. It also didn't stand out in any major way though. It was also lunch time, so I'd like to go at a dinner time to try it out and see if I'd like it more. 
What really gives this such a bad review is the service. I went at 1 pm on a Wednesday!! The restaurant was not very busy, yet my waitress was nowhere to be found. I literally saw her once in the entire time I was there. She took my drink order once and then proceeded to make a Casper. I kept having to go to the host in the front to talk to the host who was helpful but seemed to want to do anything but talk to me and I didn't like that vibe. I hate to give bad reviews but this place certainly earned it. There are lots of Asian buffets in town and unless things change, I see no reason to ever go backǾ
I use to eat there one's week, it was close for while. It is reopen now, I stop by for dinner today, it was great, they have lobster for dinner only $12.99 including drink. I can't believe it, they have all kind of seafood, you name it and beet shore rib is great. Sushi are fresh and wonderful. Great job! Keep up! This is still my favorite place for buffet in town.Ǿ
I've been to this place twice before and thought that maybe the 3rd times a charm right? WRONG!! Food was cold and any of the meat was hard as a rock. We were told upon entering that we couldn't have the seafood due to a large group( 3 BUS LOADS of tourists) that was in their banquet room. Their "sushi" selection was disgusting. I think I would have had better luck with 7-11 sushi. Absolutely horrible. NEVER returning. I swear the buffet just up the road is the same price for a much better quality of buffet. Very disappointed.Ǿ
It's a good place to dinning Chinese food,low price but high quality.i really like here! Yummy!Ǿ
I don't really understand why this place only has 2 stars. Every time I've gone there the sushi and rolls have been way above buffet sushi quality, the ribs were meaty and fall of the bone, all of the chicken dishes I had were great, and they even have different flavors of boba milk tea you can just help yourself to. I go to buffet @ Asia further down on Flamingo and it's good, but in all honesty, I prefer Lee's. The food has always been hot and fresh, and we've had great service every time.Ǿ
I ate here a hour ago. Feeling pretty sick hope its not food poisoning. Tried alot of the seafood. Not to impressed. The food didnt seem as warm as it should have. My fault for eating it I guess....would not recommend !!!!!Ǿ
My boyfriend and I ate here for the first time today.  Mario loved it because he has missed eating at a seafood buffet.  I thought it was okay.  I've had better.  The service could've been better.  I saw our host once and another hostess once.  They cleaned our plates off once.  The girl rolling silverware in the back definitely made sure she took care of her little crush and had all of the rest of us wait for no one.  For such a huge looking place from the outside, it sure was cramped on the inside.  I know I'll be forced to go back because of my boyfriend, but I think we could do better, especially for the expensive price.  Might as well go to the casinos.Ǿ
Horrible!!! OK, so there is a perception of the Las Vegas buffets being outdated and overall nothing but mediocre. That being said, this place doesn't even live up to that reputation. 
My girlfriend and I were just looking for something cheap and easy while out on errands. We saw Lee's and knew it just opened and thought 'why not'? We weren't expecting much but something half way decent at a reasonable price. We didn't get either.
Everything we had was luke warm and pretty tasteless. Most of what I had was cooked to death. We kept looking for something that was decent and never found it. We didn't even dare try the desserts.
To top it off our server asked us if we liked the food and when I told him it was horrible he agreed. But that didn't stop him from dropping the $30 check. What a ripoff.
I know there's another Chinese buffet only a block or so away that is cheaper and way better.
My prediction is this place won't last too long. Thank goodness!Ǿ
Not the greatest but not the worst. 

Maybe it was the time of day that I came in, or just really good luck, but it wasn't that bad. I grew tired of waiting for Yama Sushi nearby and I was starving, so I decided to get something fast and cheap. After reading the other reviews, I followed some tips that helped me avoid any potential food poisoning and resulted in an enjoyable experience. 

1) Food is a C+. For better Chinese food, look elsewhere, like Chinatown
2) Stick with the hot foods. I was afraid of the sushi and avoided it like the plague
3) Mongolian style stir fry was pretty good. The shrimp was fresh, along with the veggies. Unfortunately, the lady who cooked it looked unhappy, like she was there as an indentured servant and had nowhere else to go. 
4) The fresh fruits were decent and plentiful. I avoided the other desserts.
5) The orange chicken and vermicelli noodles were pretty decent and better than Panda Express. 
6) If you happen to come when all the Chinese tour buses come in, the food will be refilled constantly and it was very fresh for me. Nothing at room temperature and tasted fine 

This place reminds me of all the other C+ rated chinese buffets in LA. Nothing special about it. You get what you pay for. And luckily I didn't pay for a stomachache.Ǿ
I have to say I was pretty disappointed at this place. To start, there was no host when we walked in so we had to wait for someone to finally come to the front. I was trying to find a sign indicating the price of the buffet but no luck. Then, after we got seated, we went to the buffet and there were no plates anywhere. The staff finally noticed and brought some out a couple minutes later. 
Some of the food was decent but most of it was not hot and when we got to dessert, my boyfriend ended up with a rotten strawberry. 
Not impressed at all. Save your money.Ǿ
This place is awesome! Great food and service! The buffet is pretty varied. The spices and sauces are wonderful! I loved it!!!Ǿ
Shut down for DIRTY!!! 

The food was good trust me it was. BUT i can tell this place is seriously dirty. The bathroom smell is disgusting. The floors were sticky. Also I noticed the one room is for Mexicans and hispanics another is for the White's and the other would be for asian people. Some do eventually mix though because of crowding. 

But this place was recently shut down again. Like I said it was dirty. I heard they didn't have a place to wash the plates and dishes but they had a bucket next to their. The sink didn't work that's what I mean. Anyways the location was good but they needed to be cleaner.Ǿ
This was disgusting ,me and my fiance both felt sick after eating at this place.. compared other Chinese buffets in town, the price was even more expensive than some of them..seriously some of the cheaper ones were better than this... i would advice everyone to avoid this placeǾ
Actually, I've been going to this place for years now.  You just can't go down to the strip all the time and having a quiet place to go that's off the strip isn't all bad.  It used to be called "New China Buffet" but it looks like they remodeled the outside and brightened up the inside since my last visit.

Anyway, contrary to the previous review, Wifey and I thought that for a Chinese buffet it was just fine.  We each found things we liked and had a pretty decent dinner tonight.  Not fine dining but just fine nevertheless.  Staff was very accomondating.  Even the habachi cook couldn't wait to grill me up a little habachi style veges and meat....and it was pretty good too as far as this style goes at a Chinese buffet restaurant.

Dinner cost $12.99 (includes a drink) plus tax.  The fried banana dessert had just the right amount of sweetness for me and made a great end to the meal.  I give it 3-stars because tonight was pretty good compared to other similar buffets around the country.  So, if you're in this area, and like Chinese buffets, I think you'll be fine here for a night.  You can go empty your wallet on the strip another night.Ǿ
Don't waste time going!!! The food was cold... The waiter never went to the table, all the time we call them to refill the beverage and I never received the check had to get up and get it my self. Bad service!!!!Ǿ
Omg where do I begin....so nasty and gross the food was like worse than a china star! I guess buffet of asia is levels above this place. Only plus was its cleaner than the average I guess. Price is also crazy for such crappy food...$12.99 and also like $7 for kids over age 4....geez! Never again! I dunno why I always say I just am gonna try...when I think I already know how awful it is going to be.  Bleh!Ǿ
I hate leaving bad reviews but this one deserves it. I spat out half my choices. They even managed to stuff up the ice cream. I'm not a fussy eater at all but this place is bad. Tough n chewy covered in sauce to make it edible.Ǿ
I just found this place on 2-26-2013.  I went there for lunch ($9.50) and arrived at 11:20 am.  I found the place to be spacious and clean, but it had a cold atmosphere and lacked that touch that makes you feel comfortable.  I was impressed with the variety of food that was displayed.  I helped myself to some breaded shrimp (cold), some fried rice (cold),  I have no idea why these items were cold. I did read reviews after I ate there and others had complained about cold food.   I tried the  jalepeno chicken (fair) some hot sour soup (nothing to write home about).  The beef brocholi was good and heated properly.  There was a large variety of fruit and desserts and I sampled several offerings and found them to be good.   The waitress was prompt in refilling my drink.  There was sushi available but I did not try any and I did not try any of the many other items available.  I would suggest that you give this place a try and then write a review as to your liking.Ǿ
When I originally reviewed Lee's Buffet I gave them only a one star rating.I was not very impressed with the quality of their food.Since then,they have been inspected by the health department,temporarily closed and now they're reopened.I have eaten here several times in the last few weeks and in all honesty the food does seem to have gotten somewhat better.I am changing my rating to two and a half stars.Since they don't have half stars I marked it three stars.I doubt that this will ever be my favorite Chinese buffet.I still find myself wishing that the food could be better when I eat here.But it could be worse.I find it an acceptable place to eat at.The staff is pleasant enough.I would suggest that if you find yourself in this area,give it a try,at least one meal.If you are looking for top notch food,you probably won't find it here.But it might be to your liking.People's tastes in food are so subjective that some people will like it and some people won't.I really hope that they don't end up  on the restaurant report frequently for health violations like they did when they were the New China Buffet.I will still continue to eat here for now occasionally.I will keep you posted on further developments.Ǿ
This buffet was my go to location on weekends, comfort food when I didn't feel well, an excuse to not finish my homework, a perfect cure for those mornings that followed those nights...the service is horrible, every employee seems miserable, the food looks intensely scary, the ambiance is a cross between a doctor's office and a thrift store. But let me tell you, the food was incredibly mediocre and hit the spot for a measly $9 (except for Sundays when the price was jacked up to $13 to match the prices of the surrounding buffets) so when I stopped by today to see a little pink slip from the health department claiming the restaurant had been closed...I cried a little. Then drove myself to the doctor's office.Ǿ
Like many other reviewers, I was disappointed at how most of the food was room temperature. I had noticed that the center steam table was not working (or not turned on) and told the woman refilling it. Her reply was "I don't know anything about that" and then she added a pan of crab legs to the broken unit. I also mentioned it to my waitress who said "Really?". On the way out I told the cashier who informed me "I only work up front".
I am very concerned how the seafood is held at room temp., and more concerned that of the three employees I told nobody cared.
Lastly, the service was poor. Plates stayed on the table for the entire visit, and drink refills were a lost cause. One star, and I won't return.Ǿ
These people are basically con artists. All they did was change the name on the sign. It's STILL the same crappy food and the same crappy people. The crappiest chinese place I've ever eaten at. Their food is cold. Most of the waiters don't even know what's on the buffet. I got a plate and asked the waiter what "this" was and SHE EVEN didn't know. SMH.

For a better experience try Buffet Asia (not great but better than this place) or China A Go GoǾ
I don't recommend this place.  I'm not surprised that they got shut down by the SNHD.  It's good that they did because when I ate there the chef at the Mongolian station took my plate with raw chicken and shrimp on it, cooked it on the wok and put it back on the same plate!  Yuck!  Dumplings were hard like they had been sitting all day.Ǿ
I'll give Lee's Buffet a bump up to a three star rating simply for the desert.  Though not really Asian, the tiramisu, flaky pastries, cake, jello and pudding provides a nice variety to end a meal with.  I love the fried dough with the sugar.  A favorite of mine at any Chinese buffet.  As for the rest of the food, some of it was good.  Other options were just so-so.  Then there were the selections I would not touch.  Namely the many sea food options and for a couple of reasons.  One, I don't care much for sea food.  The many bi-valves and mollusks don't appeal to me.  And two, I cannot eat the crustacean types anymore though I do love a good crab leg and fried shrimp.  This made the meal possibilities for me a bit more difficult to find.  There was pleanty though.  For the less adventureous sorts and/or children, they have fresh fruit, pizza and fries.  I had none of that.  Instead, I had beef and brocoli which was good.  The beef was very tender.  The pork and mushrooms was good as well.  Loaded with mushrooms which I like just fine.  The orange chicken was soggy and sweet.  I like mine crispy with a good tang and spice.  The sweet and sour chicken was better.  The light tempura batter let the chicken be the shining star.  So many times I've had sweet and sour with more batter than chicken.  The dim sum loaded with well seasoned pork was probably the best thing I ate at Lee's. The wonton soup was right up there too.  Then I was let down with soggy chow mein.  It would have been good had it been more fresh.  I had two pieces of California Roll.  I don't trust the stuff with real raw fish at a buffet regardless of where it is.  But a California Roll is basically safe.  It was rolled the propper way with the rice on the out side.  But it was not tightly rolled and fell apart a bit upon picking it up the the house tongs.  And it lacked any real flavor.  I saw there was a Mongolian grill section but it is easy to miss and I did until after I was too full to try it.  I would have liked to.  I think most people missed it too.  I did not see one person take advantage of it.  I'd say I'll try it next time but I don't think there will be a next time for me at Lee's.  For $12.99 it is not that good.  I think a 2.5 stars is accurate.Ǿ
Lee's reopened on October 6, 2013, under new owners.  The range of dishes offered is pretty much the same as under the previous owners, but the execution is a little better and the price is a little lower.  Nothing is really great; rather the food is simple, honest and noncontroversial.  I wouldn't go very far to visit this place; but if it weren't in the neighborhood, I'd miss it -- as I have, many times.Ǿ
Was in there this evening with family and I will not be going back. The food was, not the worse I have ever had but close, bland and tasteless. The service was very poor and the Hostess could not be bothered to get off of her cell phone and was there the entire time we were in there. 

To make maters worse when she was seating us she was busy talking to somebody else instead of being interested in us. The food on the buffet lines were not marked and I am glad that I am not allergic to seafood because I got what I thought were potatoes turned out to be Sponge Balls. 

I would not recommend this place if I was given a years worth of free buffets.Ǿ
Definitley by far one of the best chinese buffets ive been too, staff is friendly, food is freshh right out the kitchen, cooks are constantly checking to make sure the food out on the floor isnt old or cold immediately  they switch it if so, the veggie rolls the best ive had, bathrooms are super clean and the best of everything this place is super cheap for great food i would even pay more! All in all i would rate this 5 starts and definitely come back again SOON :).Ǿ
First of all the sign looks new.  This has nothing to do with the food, but I do think that it might have a small psychological affect.  When I first went to this place I thought ohhh, well this definetely is a step us from the exterior of Buffet at Asia, on which I had dined the day before.
I went inside and it was clean as well.  It is a little on the more expensive side.  I think it was about fifteen,  Thats not expensive, but it is above average for the rest of the cheap asian buffets in Vegas.
The staff was friendly even though my waitress who seemed to speak wonderful mandarin, was still struggling with english.  What she lost in english words she made up in smiles,
This place also has a stir fry bar, but the selection of items seems to be minimal.  I read another reviewers take on the ribs,  And they are indeed the best that any of the other buffets have to offer.  They also had a tray raw oysters,  I had one and was not impressed.,Ǿ
Late review (so sorry), but I'm sure not much has changed for the better since I visited Lee's Buffet late last year when I attended the Vegas Valley Comic Book Festival at the Clark County Library.  Looking at previous reviews I think I might be right.

New sign, shiny outside, colored flags, and a huge 'Grand Opening' banner?  I'm such a sucker!  I remember this place when it used to be the 'New China Buffet' back in the day when I was living at The Retreat apartments as a broke ex-college student working two jobs.  Everyday I'm hustlin'...hustlin'...

Back then?  New China Buffet was still the $h!t.  Literally.  I heard stories of other people in my apartment complex who would eat there and be puking their guts out less than 48 hours later.  Even my old roommate who ate there once up and left mid-meal because a cockroach (yes!) crawled up on his table to watch him eat.  Brings back the heebee-jeebees.  Who knows how they managed to stay open so long!

Fast forward to now.  Not much has changed!  New interior, same ol' shady buffet!  Stick a new coat of paint on poop, and guess what?  It's still poop.  The new Lee's Buffet still stinks to high Heaven.

I admit I was super hungry so I ended up eating there with not much care.  But noticing the overall state of the establishment should have raised a red flag with me.  A Saturday, only 10-12 tables out of at least 25 occupied?  Flag.  Bored Chinese boy sitting at a table, folding forks into napkins and picking his ear?  Flag.  Hostess at the front door surprised to see us during what should have been a weekend lunch rush?  FLAG!  FLAG!  FLAG!

All I could think was I was WTH let's give it a shot.  At almost $9 each for lunch I should have gone somewhere else.  This shiny new buffet had mostly tarnished food.

Lee's Buffet has all the typical offerings of your local Chinese buffet, it's all there.  Beef & Broccoli, Sweet & Sour Pork, Fried Rice, Tilapia, 'Pizza', Orange Chicken, and some other Americanized versions of what 'Chinese' food is.  All horribly mediocre.  I seriously would have welcomed a 3-Item combo from Panda Express instead.  My standard Buffet @ Asia does all this stuff much better (believe me that's saying a lot) and at a cheaper price!

Salad bar?  MEH.  Soup bar?  Even though they come in those cute little round pots?  MEH.  Dessert bar?  Dry and MEH.  Don't even get me started on the hand-rolled sushi offerings.  You guessed it!  MEHHHHH.  And I don't even know how safe that raw fish is to eat!  Tip folks, sashimi - just because it's offered...doesn't mean you should eat it.  Save yourself a trip to the ER and stay away from fish that smells downright fishy.  Knowing is half the battle!  And according to the new GI JOE - Retaliation movie that just came out, Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson is the other half of said battle.  Seriously, that guy can kick some serious booty!

But back to the lecture at hand, Lee's Buffet has set the bar pretty darn low for Chinese buffets in Las Vegas.  I know since I've been to a bunch of em'.  Built up my Yelp Street Cred with those reviews!  Yeah I'm cheap...but I also like good.  It can be had, but not at a place like this.  I really should have walked a little farther from the library that day and gone to Jason's Deli or Seafood City for some quick eats.  Seems my discovery flag that day did not lead me to great adventures.

The only thing that kinda set Lee's Buffet apart from the other ones is that there's all you can drink boba.  But OMG!  MEH.  While they offered 3-4 different flavors, each of the ones I tried were over sweet and had boba balls that were way too soggy.  Lord knows I hate soggy (boba) balls.  Those drinks were obviously sitting in the fridge for a long, long time.  Disappointing to say the least.

Can't say I will be back at Lee's Buffet again to give them another shot.  It is probably not worth my time.  If you visit, don't say I didn't warn you!  There are many more well-established places to get your Chinese fix.Ǿ
.HEATH DEPARTMENT NOTIFIED TODAY!! This buffet just reopened. Has been CLOSED by heath deaprtment 4 times in past year. Last night I saw yet ANOTHER reason to walk out. The live action mongolian BBQ cooking station. You choose your own raw meats & vegetables & hand it to the cook to cook it in front of you. I filled my plate with wet raw chicken , he cooked it & the put the meal BACK ON THE PLATE where the raw chicken had just been! Didn't even wipe the plate (not that that wouldve helped) You can make people VERY sick doing that! Thank goodness I had my eyes open & realized it in time to walk out before getting salmonella. Guys that is food safety 101. Other dishes were out at room temp for a long time & they had a HUGE knife sitting on the buffet to cut your own beef. A kid could easily grab that & hurt himself. This place will be sued or closed again soon,Ǿ
This place is terrible. I do not suggest coming this buffet at all! I would be nice because it is a new place but I'm not! The food is nasty, all though there are many choices, its all low quality food. Just do yourself a favor and do not go. I went with family because we like to try new things but we are all in agreement that we will not be coming back. One positive I will leave is the stir fry station. Where you can create your own dish. However this is the only positive.

IT'S HORRIBLE!!! I saw that they were being remodeled when I moved to Vegas so now that they're open I decided to try them out. The food was just ok nothing big, their fried rice was nasty though (cold and flavorless). When we were seated the hostess to our drink orders and after waiting what seemed forever my husband had to flag a waiter down to bring us our drinks, then I had to hunt someone down for a refill. We never got our check to pay, we could of easily walked out and I think no one would have noticed. NEVER GOING HERE AGAIN, waist of money.

I hope they go out of business soon !!!!Ǿ
IT'S HORRIBLE!!! I saw that they were being remodeled when I moved to Vegas so now that they're open I decided to try them out. The food was just ok nothing big, their fried rice was nasty though (cold and flavorless). When we were seated the hostess to our drink orders and after waiting what seemed forever my husband had to flag a waiter down to bring us our drinks, then I had to hunt someone down for a refill. We never got our check to pay, we could of easily walked out and I think no one would have noticed. NEVER GOING HERE AGAIN, waist of money.Ǿ
Sunday dinner buffet..$12.99 per person.  As you enter, the hostess is very busy on her cell phone texting.  It was almost like we disturbed her coming in. 
 It was a very nice looking, clean buffet...but.....  Nowhere near the 150 items they say they have.

The food looked good, but it was not labeled , so you didn't know what you were having...And it didn't matter because it all tasted the same. 

 We were there at 5 PM and maybe 15-18 others were there.

The spare ribs and the crab legs and the short ribs were empty when we came in and remained empty until we were almost ready to leave.  The seafood soup had no seafood in it and it was not hot, it was room temperature.  Same with the shark fin soup, no fin in it.  The fruit at the small dessert bar didn't look too fresh either. Most of the trays were 1/2 full at best and not refilled.

Actually, the only items I liked were the mussels and the clams.

In the hour we were there we were not asked if we needed our drinks refilled, but they did clean the table off in a timely manner.

From our table, I watched the employees eating in the kitchen as well.

Sorry Lees..but we will not be coming back.  There are way too many buffets in Vegas to waste money here.Ǿ
Food isn't labeled so if you can't tell for sure what it is you are taking a chance.... Place needs a good scrubbing, floor was sticky. No refills were offered on our drinks even after my daughter spilled hers ( waiter didn't clean it up either so we used all our napkins) . Ice cream had a weird fruity taste.Ǿ
The first time I ate here I was blown away by how good it was.  Not thinking it was because they had a banquet/meeting for some company going on. This time it was horrible. The food was old, service was horrid, they didn't refill or drinks until we were leaving,  and they didn't clear any dirty plates,  even though the half dead staff had looked at our table half a dozen times.Ǿ
3 Stars for food because you get what you pay for.

I don't care so much about that, but rather the bathroom.  Yes it was clean and there was TP, etc.  

It's the partitions.  Every partition in the place is translucent, frosted glass.  As a result you can see the guy in the stall taking a dump!!  Not just an outline, but an uncomfortably clear image of a grown man with his pants down.  As soon as you walk in, there he is!

I sat down in the adjacent stall to do my business and stared straight ahead.  I could still see him in my peripheral vision no matter what.  To top it off, this particular gentleman decided to beat box the whole time he was in the bathroom.

Never again.  Too weird and too gross.Ǿ
Well I would give zero but it's not allowed.  Bought the amazon local for this deal yesterday to use today.  Planned the whole day with kids around having this place for lunch.  When everybody was super hungry, we arrived at Lee's Buffet.  Something appeared amiss as there were no cars in the parking lot.  THEN..... Dadd'y what's that sign in the window?  Nothing kids, just a SNHD (southern nevada health district) letter posted in the window.  YUP.  More than 40, yes forty, demerits and forcibly shut down by the health dept.. Wonderful.  Messed up the entire day's well though out plans.  I called Amazon and as usual, they took care of us and apologized for something they could not control.  Amazon local is still as safe as anything and they just get screwed by businesses who sell on their site.  Groupon goes through the same thing i'm sure.  My oldest son however, made me go from angry to blah in two seconds when he said "at least we found out before we ate there".  SO VERY TRUE.  Scratch this one off the list guys.  40+ demerits is way too many to even consider.  Oh and quick good job the health district for at least trying to keep us safe.  Thank you SNHD, and Amazon.  Go screw yourself Lee's buffet.  Just stay closed this time.  Oh and I say this time as it appears they have been shut down repeatedly for multiple violations (the waitress at the restaurant across the street where we ended up eating says she has seen lees buffet closed at least two times since she worked across the street.Ǿ
i m a pickie eater, well, to me personally, i liked this, it got the food i m after and service was alright, even thou they do need to improve, but i sure liked this place, i would defintely come back for this and bring more friend.Ǿ
So this Lee's Buffet was recently remodeled. I was hoping that it would mean high-quality and relatively fresh cuisine. I was sadly disappointed. 

I went just at lunchtime (12:00) to try and get the best experience. Most of the hot items sitting on the buffet were nearing room temperature. The cold fruit was cold, but slimy like it was cut the day before and stored in a refrigerator. 

The best items on the buffet were the sodas and white rice. Don't waste your time here.Ǿ
The food wasn't bad, but the service was TERRIBLE!!!!!  I never saw the waitress, she never cleared the plates, never brought refills on the drinks, never greeted us.  The food was okay, just average, just run of the mill fast food chinese.  The selection is pretty good.Ǿ
This place is WAAAY over priced for the generic cuisine they serve. Aside from that, the food is only room temperature. You are much better off spending your dollars at Buffet @ Asia. At least there they have a decent assortment of sushi and a standard Mongolian BBQ.Ǿ
This place is terrible. I do not suggest coming this buffet at all! I would be nice because it is a new place but I'm not! The food is nasty, all though there are many choices, its all low quality food. Just do yourself a favor and do not go. I went with family because we like to try new things but we are all in agreement that we will not be coming back. One positive I will leave is the stir fry station. Where you can create your own dish. However this is the only positive.Ǿ
If I wasn't forced to give a star, I'd keep it. Last night's dinner there was just thrown up into the toilet. But they had good lighting and comfy seating! There... That's your one star. I'm sticking with Buffet @ Asia. It may be darker, more cramped, and even look less clean, but I've never gotten sick there. That is all.