The food was mediocre. I've definitely had better pasta, one the the pizzas was burnt and one pizza was quite good. Inconsistent.

The service was good but got considerably slower as the place filled up.

The price was great. Not expensive at all.Ǿ
I never order from them anymore
Very rude , unpleasant girl who work there as a waitress ,the owner even yelled at lady , I ordered from them for delivery every night for 4 years ,the food is not bad but approaching some rude young girls who work there is totally unacceptable to they even yelled at the 57 years old lady who has been their customer for 4 years ,,my hey lost my business , at least why they don't talk gently to their client as if I'm deaf they were yelling at me for no reason , why some younger girls don't respect a lady who is their client , I'm sorry for them .
Terrible personnel , no manner what so ever,, thanks to the community they are great variety of cuisines in oak ridges ,
Who cares for some rude , boor people who don't know how to communicate with a lady,
I don't recommend them at all,,totally bad experienceǾ
Don't judge a book by its cover. Even though this place looks small, the food was amazing. The service was attentive and you just feel that everything was made with love. It was our first time yesterday and I would not mind going again!Ǿ
My husband and I had dinner on a Friday night. Place was packed. They have new items on the menu which I have tried. I had the eggplant parm which was delicious. Nalini the hostess is wonderful and so sweet. Pizzas and salads are very good.Ǿ
Our family have been regular customers of Fellini's since they opened, so for over 15 years.  On two recent occasions we have been extremely disappointed in our take out orders, which are something we look forward to on weekends in our family.  

We always order the veal parm family feast for four, and the last two times the amount of veal parm that comes with the meal has been reduced by somewhere around 80%.  The old feast used to include four very generous sized pieces of veal, enough to feed the whole family.  Last night, as well as a few months ago, the meal came with six tiny triangle pieces of veal that have been cut from larger piece of veal parm.  We are talking about pieces the size of half a hamburger patty... For a family of four, we were basically stuck deciding who would have a full-ish portion of veal, and who would get a small sampling.

Otherwise, the pasta, pizza and salad are still excellent, but we are very disappointed with the ever-shrinking amount of veal, with the ever increasing price of the meal.  Unfortunately, we will be looking for a new go-to place for Italian food in the area going forward.Ǿ
The food here is excellent especially for the price. My boyfriend and I dined in on a Friday night, the service was very friendly  and fast. There mussels are so fresh and very tasty. The best mussels I have had at a restaurant. The portions are huge I had a whole other meal the next day. The owner came out and greeted us and made sure everything was okay. Good to take your family or even go on a date. Great atmosphere very colorful. The only thing I can say is there desserts are very limited I was very disappointed that they didn't have tirimisu my favorite Italian dessert. But i settled on the cheese cake that our server recommended. Other then that I will be returning.Ǿ
I'm surprised at so many people saying that "the food is excellent".  At best the food is mediocre.  I've been here several times (convenience) and found the service good but for Italian food it is just okay.  There isn't many restaurants around this area so sometimes you are forced to go to Fellini's for variety.Ǿ
Food is pretty good here. I am very impressed. Will visit again!Ǿ
Fellini's Italian Eatery is a down to earth family own Italian restaurant. The chef is the owner and the cook... and the food selection is typical Italian fare with pasta and pizza. 

Lunch Specials Monday to Friday from 12:00 - 3:30 or if you rather not dine in, they have a take out 7" inch pizza and pop take out special for $6. 

The lunch menu has a good selections includes sandwiches, salad, pasta, pizza and main... I have a hard time to decide between the Seafood Pasta ($12.95), but when I saw the description of their Meat Ravioli ($9.95) being HOME MADE.. I want IT!! 

Ravioli was cooked al dente and drowned in a tomato meat sauce. Hearty and feeling. All pasta dishes comes with 2 piece of garlic bread, which is really a half Italian bun covered in garlic butter :) 

The owner came out and chatted with me on my way out. He is really friendly and shared with me his life story how he learnt to be a cook while he really wanted to be a priest..... 

I would definitely drop by again when I am in the area... For some Home Made Lasagna or Cheese Cannelloni or even that grilled trout on their daily specials that sounded so good!Ǿ
One of my favourite places to go for reasonable priced Italian food.  Everyone there is super friendly and the food is pretty decent. Definitely a go to when I need takeout close by.Ǿ
As far as italian food goes this is pretty much at the bottom. Used to come here several years ago and the food was amazing but that has since changed. I have since moved up to Aurora and decided to try it out again. That was a mistake. I went twice once with 1 other person and once with a group of 4. The first time i got lasagna and the other person got spaghetti with a rose sauce. The lasagna looked liked it had been sitting for a few days and was just re heated. it was all dry and not appealing. The pasta with rose however was not dry but instead flooded with sauce i mean not a little bit but absolutely flooded. The second time i went there was like 2 tables total so not really busy. Everyone got there food but me so i told them to go ahead and start eating and then proceeded to wait 10 minutes with no food so i got up and asked the waitress proceeded to say oh and run back into the kitchen and then came out and hid behind a counter to avoid eye contact with me. apparently they either forgot my pizza or she didn't write it down because it was another 10 minutes before i got food at which point everyone else was already done and i was just starting, no apology either. Overall i would waste my time here again, its truly a shame because it used to be pretty good.Ǿ
My wife and i have been here at least 20 times and the food is good with a family atmosphere.  Mario the owner generally greets his regulars.  The food reminds of how my mom use to make it.