This is a hidden jem of Mississauga! 
Jag, the owner is a nice and friendly man. He always come out from the kitchen after he is done cooking and check on us. 
The food portions are HUGE, and he always accommodate according to our preference.笑
Here
   Fishy         Fishy Fishy.
        Caz doesn't look like much.
         But the proof is in the batter.
    Crispy, crunchy and moist.
Bit oily         Nice service.

Does that look like a fish?  That's my attempt  @Wayne C

Honestly though, Caz has a variety of interesting things from healthier options of broiled citrus halibut to the guilty indulgent battered fish and fries.  Portions are big... a bit oily but totally satisfying for that crunchy goodness.  It's a touch on the expensive size but you can feed 2 small people with the fish!笑
I'm craving for Caz's Best fish and chips right now. The batter is light and airy, not all that greasy and does not overpower the fish. The scallops wrapped in bacon is also evil. I mean, scallops + bacon already equals happiness on most days but the one at Caz's is so good, especially with the tangy marinara type sauce that goes with it.

Service is good, the lady who waited on us is nice and sincere. The kitchen is open but you won't smell smoky or fishy after. I think we spent about $30 for 2.

It would have been better if the place was better lit, though. As the ambience kind of reminds me of those seedy highway stops truckers use in B movies. Other than that, it seems like a friendly neighborhood place with regulars and all. In fact, the 2 tables who came in after us didn't even need to see the menu - the staff already knew what they wanted (not that I was, uhm, eavesdropping). 

Will definitely go back! (Maybe now??)笑
Got takeout from the side entrance of the restaurant a few times and they give very big portions of chips and a great crispy halibut.

I went here last week and unfortunately it looks permanently closed as there is mail piled out of the front door and no sign indicating any vacation/renovation. Dissapointed!:(笑
I would have to say one of they good fish and chips joint in Ssauga. They have both options healty and deep fried and I have tired both.

They regular fish and chips is reasonably priced and it quite good and they portions are huge. I have also tired they Jerk Grilled fish which comes with rice and was really good and they jerk seasoning goes very well with the fish.

They service is good and quick