You seriously must try this take-out only place.  Fantastic food.  Very impressed.  Must try some of their other dishes.

UPDATE:  Choosing a vegetarian summer program, I have visited this place with that restriction in mind.  THESE GUYS ABSOLUTELY ROCK.

Honestly, if you don't visit these guys, even taking the drive out to see them, you are the loser.  This place is 100% magic.Ǿ
I was on my way to get some cupcakes at So into Cupcakes and then I saw the Sign... yes a sign saying "Spicefully Yours".

Cheesy slogans and store names seems to be the headline for this afternoon..

I should have come by Canbe Foods a year ago... (yay! Yelp Friend I hear you!) but you know being a procrastinator I am guilty... but it is never too late.

Chicken Biryani ($6) is like a full lunchbox with content just expose everywhere when I started eating that. Can I complain that it was too much? Are they purposely trying to make me fat? I ate half and saved the rest for lunch the next day.

Be careful of all the spices they use... It is not hot spicy.. just spicy with a lot of different kind of spices used in the preparation. And you might end up burping everywhere.

Maybe I will try their Roti Paratha which they claim is "Best In Town" next time!Ǿ
Cant wait to go back.....fresh, clean, delicious and inexpensive...Ǿ
Everything Hot, even my friend that is Indian said it was on the spicy side. If you want spicy this is the place! The chilli chicken was very good. Dry only.Ǿ
Ordered:

Vegetable samosas, 4 for $1.
Chicken samosas, 1 for $0.40.
Mutton rolls, 1 for $0.75.
Plain roti, 1 for $0.70.

If you like spicy food, come here!!!
Fresh and tasty.


Another alternative for Jamaican patties.Ǿ
If you're looking for some authentic Sri Lankan food that you can pick up on your way home, this is it. They have quite the variety and give you great portions for a great price!

Most of the dishes are spicy and flavourful, with the exception of the egg-roti which isn't spicy at all (but still very delicious). Its a bit greasy, but seriously consider this place when you're having a hakka/pizza night!Ǿ
This is a gem of a Sri Lankan take out place. The food can be very spicy so watch out. Try their Chicken Kothu Roti (you can ask for Mild or medium), also try their Samosas, vadas & Rolls. Their prices are really low, they would sell more if they put up a price list somewhere :) I need to tell them next time I am there. You can also try their noodles, chicken dishes, but be ready for a spicy/hot adventure. In winter if you ate their food for breakfast, you will not feel much cold, as your body will be burning from the inside! :)Ǿ
I've been going here almost weekly for the past 4 months. Since my last review I've also tried the following:
- egg roti ($2) which I love (spicy as it has fresh green chilies) & get whenever they have them prepared 
- 5 idli, sambar & coconut chutney ($3.50) which I also love. The idli get dry if not eaten same day but add some water before you microwave them and they'll taste as fresh as first day. Very reasonably priced but not enough sambar for 5 idlis
-mix string hopper (seafood, chicken, and vegetable) also very good but greasy. The seafood one has a Sri Lankan dried fish called Mali that has a strong flavor and if you've never had it before - ask to sample it before you buy it - it's an acquired taste. 
- the prawn are delicious and spicy and have the head and shell on 

I recommend this place for price and convenience. I went on a Friday after work and the line up was almost out the door. But I felt it was worth the wait.Ǿ
We bought the chicken and mutton rolls. At first bite it's soooo good and then the heat kicks in and then it explodes in your mouth! But in a good way! Lol

We also ordered the chicken kothu roti. OK.  So if you're going to order something that's not already made then prepare to wait almost 30 minutes in a hot room.  We went during summer when it was almost 30 degrees outside and they don't have AC. So we were not impressed. The moral of the story is- call in advance! Lol. BTW,  if you're not accustomed to spicy food, then order dishes mild- and then make sure you drink a lassi or yogurt kind do of drink cause that water is not gonna do it!Ǿ
Delicious and inexpensive good quality food. I also bought some frozen foods off there which were good. Biryani was 6 bucks but easily feeds 2 or 3 people/Ǿ
It's a take out restaurant, my husband and I just wanted to grab some express food and go. We lined up and waited to order. The server asked everyone about their order in the line except us (the server just ignored us!). During this time, someone in the line already grabbed their pre-cooked food. We walked all the way from the entrance to the casher, and ordered a veggie roti and a noodle. The guy confirmed the order with us and went back to the kitchen. Within 15 mins, there were 3 cashers came to us and double checked our order, and went to the kitchen again. After 20 mins of waiting, one female chaser were still asking what our order is!! One of the male cashers expained that because we are not the usually customer, we kinda did not know how to order...

SO, GUYS, IF YOU'VE NEVER BEEN HERE BEFORE, THEN DON'T, CAUSE THEY DO NOT TAKR THE FIRST TIMER'S ORDER!

I gave 1 star for we finally left with one of the items.Ǿ
The samosas, dahl vadai and chicken rolls are a must try! This place always has people lining up the front door.Ǿ
This place is amazing. My only complaint is there are no labels so I am slow to order and likely annoying people. haha. The more I go, the more I remember the look of each dish. Love the curry chicken and mutton, the chicken biryani and, rotis and samosas do not disappoint. I love how spicy it is, instead of being some westernized  place that gives up on authentic flavours to get more business. My only question - does anyone know what that spicy pineapple chutney is? I got a small side of it with our last order and it is amazing. I would love to know what it's called or the recipe for it. I know they must pickle it in some spices - but obviously I don't know which ones or the exact recipe. Any help is appreciated!! Or tell me where I can buy it!!Ǿ
This place is a total waste!! I had went here couple of times to buy string hoppers and after waiting for 20 minutes in line, was told they ran out. Once when I bought a chicken kothu Roti,  it tasted like fish! I am allergic to fish! It was disgusting. It also had a dead cockaroache in the middle! Why would people even go to this place! It's total junk!Ǿ
This place is takeout only and there really isn't a lot of room to move around, especially with the steady stream of people moving in and out. Its great for those just nights when you just want something quick, or just have a strong craving for something that leaves you stuffed and satisfied, while being a big pudge on the couch. 

I've been here a few times now and am quite a fan of the chicken kothu, which is made to order. The level of spice is up to you, with my personal favourite being medium, although I tend get to the mild more often since some of the people I dine with are spicy-shy. The downside is that there is a slight wait involved, but it's worth it. Other go to items are the mutton and chicken rolls, but recommend that these are eaten immediately so that they are still crunchy. If you're lucky, you can get them right out of the fryer - which is like hitting the fast food jackpot (but leave them too long and they get a little soft). 

I would recommend coming during their busy hours when there is a short turn around with fresh food. Once, I came shortly before closing, and I ended up with a less than spectacular fish curry.

Overall, this place is quick, inexpensive, and is a great bang for your buck.Ǿ
Canbe is the type of establishment I would like to frequent but I know I can't because I simply cannot afford the... calories.

This place rocks because they sell veggie samosas for a quarter. Other varieties of samosas are also available but they cost more cash money. I'm talking about an extra $0.25-$0.50!! Deep fried mutton and chicken rolls are $0.70 each and its deep fried goodness makes me so, so happy. Butter chicken and chicken kottu roti are also fail-safe options. 

Still don't know what to get? How about a roti? Or better yet, befriend the hoards of people in line and ask for their opinion because you know a place is legit when you're the only non-East Indian/Sri Lankan person in a line that is sometimes 30 deep. Oh yeah, the line moves ultra fast and people will try to cut you in line and pretend they didn't know you were there. Yeah right, buddy.

P.S. Take-out only. No seats @ Canbe.Ǿ
Take-out only with a good amount dishes on menu, mostly hot and spicy, and many are prepared with coconuts.
I've seen more seafood dishes here than in any other south-Indian or Tamil places.

Kottu-roti, tandoori chicken, squid curry, are some of my favorites.Ǿ
I've been here a couple of time now since I came to Toronto a few months back. Food is good and I've tried a bunch of them. Beriyani , roti perata, egg curry, chicken curry , tandoori chicken and etc.

The only 2 complains I will have is :-

1) no clear signs on the waiting line , and you can easily see people cutting the line , (they probably didn't know there was a line) and the staff aren't doing anything about.

2) love the mutton beriyani, but I have stopped ordering it, as for some reason there's just too many bones compared to mutton.Ǿ
Amazing. Super cheap. Super good quality. These guys could make a killing even if they doubled their prices. (But don't do that ...)Ǿ
Love the food at canbe! A lot of great tasting short eats such as their Vege Samosas and mutton rolls. Had their shrimp curry and it was really spicy but very tasty when eating it with their amazing roti paratha!Ǿ
After coming here for lunch for a few days now, I must say that my favorite thing here are still the veggie samosas! I get some of those every time I come here, they are so good! and Spicy!

What I really like the most about this place is how quick you get your food, the service is as fast if not faster than going to a fast food place. Plus the food is so much better! I have always really liked Indian food, the spicy flavours, the variety of vegetables, its so nice to find a good Indian food place like this one. 

I will mostly likely be here for lunch many more times. For the samosas, mutton rolls, nan, rice, veggies... I like it all.Ǿ
Delicious food at great affordable prices! I always get the chicken briyani (a super packed large take out box for under $10!) or the chicken koththu roti. If you can't eat that spicy (like me) ask for no spice for the kothu; it still made my tongue burn but certainly not as much if the chef didn't hold back on the spices! Sometimes I add in 4 samosas for only $1 extra, and they're not the fried kind which is a bonus as I find these baked (?) ones much yummier. 

It's a take out place, no seats for dining in but for the price and quality of food I'm more than willing to make the drive over and drive home.Ǿ
Really good food. unbelievably cheap prices. Always a line upǾ
A great take out joint! Falls under the "good cheap eats" category! Venture here at least once every 3-4 weeks :D

Vegetable samosa (with the tamarind sauce, of course) - 4/5

Goat samosa (with the tamarind sauce, of course) - 4/5 (and I don't even like goat)

Chicken Biryani - 4/5 (comes with an egg and they really pack in the container of rice...never  available after 7pm on the weekdays that I have been there so, call in advance and have them set it aside for you)

Chicken Koftu - 5/5 (SOOO GOOD, super packed in container...my go-to dish at this place...*DROOL*)

Dosa - 1/5 (Yuk....was burnt and wiry in texture...if I ever ate foam, I would imagine that it would taste and feel like this. I only ate the inside which tasted really good!)

Tandoori chicken - 3.5/5 (ok in flavour and was a bit dry...pieces were kinda small too)Ǿ
Deal of the century! OK well maybe not the century, but most things are at 50% off between 9 to 10 PM. They obviously want to start fresh the next day so it's a great way of them getting rid of their food and us getting a crazy good deal. The food is also pretty damn tasty! Good thing my first two yelp dining choices closed earlier. Had I known I would've been here in a heartbeat.Ǿ
Everything is SOOOOOOOO Salty! They charge TAX on food....like what the hell.....I'd rather go somewhere else...Ǿ
A steady stream of Tamil customers testifies to its popularity of this take out/grocery place among its target constituency. Great prices, great food. You could stock up on a week worth of dinners here.Ǿ
Tasty food.  Great selection. Large portions. Reasonably priced.  Weekends are pretty busy.Ǿ
the best sri lankan food you can get, the biriyani is amazing, they have delicious mutton rolls and samosas as well!!Ǿ
Mutton rolls and samosas are very good from here. Haven't tried the kothu roti or biriyani yet. For me, it's a walking distance from my mechanic on Ellesmere. Pop in for a bite while my car is on the hoist getting work done. Best of all, the price definitely won't break my wallet so I'll be able to pay my mechanic after.Ǿ
To my fellow Yelpers, I cannot begin to stress how good a place this is.  The food is solid.  Top quality cuisine, meticulously prepared with care.  Try the fish curry, fish samosas, mutton rolls, mutton roti, chicken biryani ... the tandoori chicken from Canbe's is the best I have ever had in my entire life, as is the eggplant curry.  If I could rate this place a 10 star I would.  They are awesome!Ǿ
Canbe was recommended to me by a Sri Lankan Uber driver. I was disappointed by the quality of the food. We ordered several dishes, and not a single one met my standards. Overall, the food was sub-par. The food looked old and tasted old. Also, it was not nearly as spicy as I would have liked. Perhaps that's a result of catering to the masses, but come on, Sri Lankan food to the masses is marketed as "REALLY SPICY." So why wasn't it? It was sad.

I rate it 2 stars because the food is cheap and acceptable in most cases. However, I was expecting much more given the large Sri Lankan population in Toronto, and therefore, a higher quality to meet the standards of the many Sri Lankans. I think the worst dish I had, though, was the watalappan. I can't believe that their "watalappan" was being sold as watalappan because it did not taste ANYTHING like any of the watalappan I've eaten my entire life. 

The next time I'm in Toronto, I will try a different establishment.Ǿ
Sri Lankan food here is delicious and I think it's pretty authentic. Prices are really reasonable. 

We had:
-couple of different short eats
-chicken kothu roti

Both  were really good. Kothu Roti was almost half the price of what I'm used to paying

No wonder this place was so packed at 4pm on a Sunday! 
-parking lot 
-takes credit card
Will definitely be back!Ǿ
Absolutely love this place! The samosa's are the best in Scarborough! They're also very cheap which is surprising due to how amazing they taste. I highly recommend coming here and trying their samosa's!Ǿ
Samosas. Roti Paratha. That's all you need to know.

Sooo good. They've got plenty of fried and baked snacks. As well as, rice dishes and curries. Make yourself a cup of Masala Chai and enjoy your Parathas and Samosas. Perfect on a cold winters day. There is no seating here, it's primarily a take out place.

Employees are quick, not the friendliest though. Just grab your goodies and go. Love the prices. Parking available.Ǿ
Its a indian takeout place. The food is tasty, freshly cooked and very affordable prices. I like samosa. I tried beryani, it was bit dry but still tasty. I will recommend lovers of indian food to check this place.Ǿ
Was recommended by a friend to come here for their samosas. 4 for 1$. Very affordable and delicious samosas. 
Line took awhile though.Ǿ
I drove past this place many times, not quite sure what it was. Then one day I ventured in and was very pleasantly surprised.  The first thing I saw was that they had dosas.  I love dosas, and these were delicious, huge and STUFFED.  Really a meal in themselves, I still had to try the chili chicken and some of the fish cutlets, which look like little brown balls, between the size of a big marble and a golf ball.  Everything I had was fantastic, the chicken was a little dry, but the next time I got it it was not.  The menu is pretty extensive, and its all behind glass, or up on the wall.  Prices are reasonable, portions are huge.  The staff is great, and they will answer all of your questions like "What IS this?!"  Also, on the side is a section of frozen foods.Ǿ
Great snacks - mutton rolls, vadais are great. Service is also very quick.Ǿ
Lunch, snacks, dinner

Overall: 3.75/5

Ambience: 4/5 (clean and functional)
Service: 4/5
Food: 3.5/5 (Babu Catering, Ceylon Flavors, Hopper Hut, Amma Catering, Gasa, Quality Bread Bakery, Rajaram Catering are better. All of them are located in Scarborough as well. But this place is still quite good.)
Value: 3.5/5
Repeat: Yes


Notes: They primarily serve Sri Lankan food. Only take out is available. For the uninitiated recommend the (mild) chicken/seafood kothu rotti or lamprais (pronounced as "lump rice")Ǿ
We got here prime feeding time at around 12:15. There were about 15 people ahead of us. Unfortunately there were only 2 people working the line so it did seem to take forever. 

Ordered combo #2: Rice or Noodle with 1 meat and 1 veg. Opted for the noodles with butter chicken and a warm cabbage type slaw. Ordered a Roti on the side. 

Noodles were delicious. Had lots of veggies and shrimp tucked in nicely. The portion was massive and the flavours were spot on. 

Butter chicken was flavourful. The meat was extremely tender. However the portion was a bit small. The cabbage had nice flavours, which were not too spicy, and the portion size was good. Unfortunately the Roti was served cold (would be nice to have it warmed up) but the flavours and size were there. 

My only tips are: more staff during peak times. It was my first time there and would've liked to had the time to ask questions. Also, the Roti should be warmed up. 

All in all great food at great prices (6.95 for combo #2 + $0.70 for the Roti) and delicious flavours. 

I'll be back.Ǿ
Great spot! Went at 6pm on a Saturday. Steady stream of Sri Lankin people - must be good lol. A little intimidating being a tall white girl. 
Only take out. Tried the mutton rolls, kuthu chicken roti, samosas and the chicken Biriyani.  All good. $20 total. Samosas are my new fav but cheap and good. You can see most of the food through the glass. The Kothu roti took a while to make but super fresh. Next time I want to try the idly and vadai and I'd grab a dessert.  
Super close to my new place and I'll likely be back.Ǿ
The Holy Grail of Sri Lankan food in the east end.  This is a real winner, and it is hard to point to only a few items.  If this is a first time, then string hoppers are a must (for "appa", I'd go to nearby Hopper Hut on Ellesmere but that is another story and another review).  Also worth sampling are the mutton rolls -- incredible coriander flavour with a chili kick -- and the egg roti, for something a bit less incendiary.  They fo lamprey on weekends -- a whole meal in a banana leaf, either veg, fish or meat.  Absolutey incredible, and feeds at least three .  Likewise the chicken biryani is inexpensive and will feed a crowd.  This is takeout only and because it's so damn good there often are lines at lunchtime.  I am lucky -- my office is ten minutes away, and often we bring this food in when we cater lunch.Ǿ
This is definitely a hidden South Indian gem in Scarborough.  I came across this place while I was driving along Ellesmere Road and was caught by the large sign that said "samosas." I'm always on the look-out for some tasty samosas.

This is a small take-out only place that has all the South Asian goodies you could imagine! I came here with the goal of picking up some samosas and rolls but I knew that I would be back a second time to try the other dishes.

The vegetable samosas were 4 for $1 and the meat samosas were 3 for $1. They have monthly specials as well, and you will get a flyer with the specials on them in your bag with your order. The samosas were a bit different than other Indian samosas. The potatoes were more mashed and not cubed, and they were slightly spicier than the average samosa. I also ordered some chicken and mutton rolls, which were very similar to other Indian take-out places.

I came back a second time a couple of days later to try the tandoori chicken ($1) and chicken biryani ($6).  Be warned, on weekends, this place is PACKED, which means the parking lot is brutal to get into.  Be prepared to wait at least 15 minutes in line on a Sunday just before the lunch hour.

Unfortunately, the tandoori chicken was dry, but the biryani was flavourful, delicious and spicier than any other biryani I've tasted at Indian restaurants. However, from what I've been told by friends and colleagues, South Indian and Sri Lankan dishes tend to be spicier!

I would definitely come back here to try some of the other dishes they serve, including their dosas. Oh, and they also have many of their fried foods sold in frozen form.Ǿ
Delicious greasy south Sri Lankan food, awesome.  The egg roti and vadai are absolute perfection, though it's a bit disconcerting that the bag they come in is pretty much see-through an hour later.  This place in a once-in-a-while treat, but what a treat it is!Ǿ
I'd give this place 2.5-3 stars.

I think this place is a little hidden away on Ellesmere Rd. between McCowan and Bellamy. I passed by this place countless times but never noticed it was a restaurant.

After reading the reviews on Yelp I decided to visit them during a busy period (Sat. at 6:30-7:00 p.m.) to see how the staff performed under pressure and the quality of food.

When I walked in my initial impression was, "wow, it's pretty busy." There seemed to be a dozen people waiting near the cash registers (more were entering the parking lot), and my interpretation was that it was a line of people waiting to order food.

After a few minutes in the line I noticed that there were two things happening. (1) There didn't really seem to be a line of people at the registers rather than people just waiting there, and (2) many others were being immediately helped in front of the takeout food for their orders. I asked the cashier about this as she said that if you wanted to order food you need to stand over in front of the food instead on the registers. As someone new to the store, I would have appreciated at least a sign differentiating between the two cues so I wouldn't be ambling about without a clear picture of what was happening.

When I was ordering I indicated my interest in vegetarian food, and asked about veggie options. The lady behind the counter said they had veggie samosas and 2-3 other dishes. I did a quick scan of all the prepared food they had out, which impressively seemed to number around 30, and asked why they has so few veggie options at an Indian restaurant during dinner rush. The lady said they were all out. I specifically asked about veggie biryani, and the lady said they ran out of it around 3 p.m.

How could there only be 1 main vegetarian dish and 3 vegetarian sides at 7pm on Saturday night? Clearly this place has a set amount of food that's prepared each day and when it's gone it isn't replaced.

So, I ordered veggie samosas (side dish) and another dish (veggie main dish: small thin noodles) and left.

The veggie samosas are 4 for $1, and I honestly have to say that the pricing is fair for this product ($0.25 each). The filling was heavy on potatoes with a hint of ginger but there wasn't much else in there. I had expected some peas, carrots, or other veggies. The noodle dish was tasty, but it lacked dimension as there wasn't much more to it than spiced noodles and bay leaves (I think I got 10 small Bay leaves with my order of noodles).

I don't know if I'd come back here, however, I am certain it wasn't worth the 20 minute walk to get there. For me, there just doesn't seem to be anything special about the dishes, location, or service that would warrant a trip back there.