We found this place from the signs on the  street and what a find! Typically my husband likes to buy his jerky at places where it's made fresh and in-house. So this place was perfect. The owner and staff were very friendly and knowledgable about the process. They explained were they got their beef and the ingredients for their sauces. We ended up tasting all their flavors and buying 5 bags. A definite winner. We WILL be coming back.Ǿ
This is a neat little store. The biggest surprise is inside for your taste buds. If you like Jerky JB has the most favor full selections than you could ever find in the grocery store. They will let you sample a couple until they find what you like.
The owners are very nice and helpful, and you can't leave without buying something because it is all so good. Even the chews are a great addition to a side dish!Ǿ
Outstanding products! They have more than just jerky now. They now have barbecue sauce and smoked flavored pistachios. The flavors and textures are above average. They also have all natural dog treats, 100% top round beef with 0 additives or preservatives just beef smoked to perfection. Stop by and try free samples before you buy your favorite flavors. If you like spicy and I mean really hot, ask for the ghost pepper flavors. If you are really serious ask for the hell on earth. You may regret that one though.Ǿ
I use to eat and make beef jerky. It is a time consuming process that requires the right cut of meat and the right blend of spices to create a truly outstanding jerky

This jerky has an outstanding flavor! You can smell the smoky aroma when you walk into the shop. When you eat the jerky you taste a smooth and smoky taste then the spices combine to create each flavor. The last thing your palate remembers is the savory afterglow.

If that wasn't outstanding enough (meat was beef and turkey) the pistachios were other worldly. I tasted three different flavors: Thai, salt and pepper, and habanero.

They were all incredible! I don't always like pepper but this wasn't over done and the salt added flavor as it should without becoming predominant. The habanero was definitely for those that love heat! I really liked the Thai. It was so yummy. I found myself sacking on a few shells as the nuts are soaked, cooked and rubbed with the flavor.

The service was so helpful. I really liked that you were given samples and the cooking process was throughly explained. If you don't try this place you are missing out!Ǿ
Was heading back from the gym,and decided to stop by..who doesn't like beef jerky?I met Catelyn,who remembered me from a visit a long time ago.Also helping was Leydis..who had me try multiple samples,while finding out what I liked.I bought 3 bags.This is a local,and family run business.I support locals..and these are nice people too.Great product..I will be back.Ǿ
Adorable service and yummy products!!!! They use each part of the need and make doggie treats so nothing goes to waist! My new favourite for sure!!!!!Ǿ
We just happened to be in the area and noticed this little jerry store.  The customer service was excellent.   We were able to test/sample any or all of the flavors.  We ended up spending $30 plus.  The best part is they have a variety of beef.  Organic beef, beef from Australia and just regular beef.  Lots of flavors, watch for the skull and cross bones, pretty hot, great taste.  We will be back on our next visit to Vegas.Ǿ
They make the jerky themselves and let you try all the flavors they have. We tried a lot of them and every one of those tasted very good! In addition the staff was very friendly and helpful. It's a small, personal shop, which we liked very much. If you are looking for good affordable jerky, you should definitely try this place.Ǿ
I stopped in here because I had some work to do inside the shop. They had over 20 flavors of beef jerky all eight dollars a bag. They had small free sample bags of every flavor in the shop and she was happy to let us try as many as we wanted. I figure beef jerky is almost $8 a bag anyways in the store and at least here it is made fresh inside their shop, it's very clean, and you can see what you're getting and pick what flavor you want too.For a small owned family business you guys are awesome.Ǿ
Tried this place thanks to Denise A., who checked in earlier in the day.  Amazing, freshly-made jerky!  Less of a focus on heat here than at Jojo's.  Tried just about all of their varieties and chose 4 bags to take back home.  No annoyance at all when I asked to try yet another type.  Excellent service and a quality product (not cheap, mind you) makes for a winning combination to me.Ǿ
I was really excited to see a jerky place near the house. So we stopped there today to try it out. Prices were a little steep but since it was fresh decided what the hell bought 5 bags of 2.75 bags for 36.00. Got ghost hawaiian  teriyaki cave man pepper mango habenaro. The only one that had full flavor was ghost every other one all u could taste was the smoke flavor from the smoker. And every bag was dry yes every bag. I might try them again but with Alien jerky only 8 for 3.75 ounces prob just stick to Alien since 711 carries it now.Ǿ
Jerky was amazing and the staff was very friendly! Let us try everything without complaint! Will definitely be back!!!Ǿ
I've made a point to try every flavor JB's offers, and all of them are excellent. You can even try the flavors before you buy. The quality blows store-bought dehydrated stuff out of the park. The flavors are magnificent, and all have a smoky overlay that speaks of it's quality. The Caveman is currently my favorite.
The atmosphere is minimalist, service is great and you can really tell this is a family business. Give them a try, you won't be disappointed.Ǿ
I absolutely love the smokiness of their jerky.  A lot of other places I feel like the jerky gets too sweet, but this is just what I was looking for.  And my dog absolutely loves the dog treats, but she doesn't hate many treats.Ǿ
Cool  lace! Walking in we were greeted by the owners daughter. She gave us samples, a quick taste your, let us try some more.
 She offered a fresh piece she ran to get out of the oven, which was cool as heck.
 Got my son his three bags of Jerky for Christmas. Not too much more than a store brand, and really good.
 We'll be back!Ǿ
Went to JB's on their opening day (was still putting the interior sign up).  They had 13 different varieties of jerky of which you could try most out.  They had a jar of "jerky shots", little bags of bite sized chunks to try.  They have a flavor called Cave Man which is a very basic, minimalist marinade.  It turned out to be one of my favorites and they base several of the varieties on it (like the red pepper and the cracked pepper).  I also tried the BBQ jerky which has a nice tomato sweetness to it.  They also have some spicier jerky for people that think the pepper varieties are too mild.  All the jerky has a fairly strong smoke flavor thanks to their giant smoking machine in the back.  This isn't the cheap, blah stuff you find at the convenience store.  The prices are good too.  A decent sized bag will run you 8 bucks flat.  For a place that is doing it all in house AND smoking it too that is a good deal.  I will be going back again to pick up my next fix.Ǿ
Delicious!! They have the smoke flavor down perfect!! Also very nice people! Will definitely be a regular buyer!Ǿ
I stopped by J B's one day when I spotted there store on Rainbow blvd. I'm glad I went in to check them out. Wow! What a selection of different flavors of Jerky. Bob was very helpful in getting me the right jerky I was looking for. I'll be back for sure. I've got to get some of the BBQ sauce they sell. They gave me a sample of a very hot BBQ sauce that was fantastic.Ǿ
What a great find. Decided to stop by here on your way home to get some beef jerky and try the new place. As soon as we walked in we were greeted which was very nice. She immediately asked us what kind of beef turkey we liked and if there's any we wanted to sample. And of course we said yes we sampled a few of the jerky and she brought us some beef jerky that had just been made from the back that was warm it was all very good and hard to choose from. We ended up getting a few bags at JB's better than steak black pepper A JB's original black pepper beef jerky and a JB's pepper teriyaki. We sampled all these and they were great. There were some others we sampled that we're definitely going to get next time.  We definitely told her we would be back and her and my husband chatted for a little bit afterwards.  All in all it's a great little place great service and good beef jerky. So if you haven't stopped by here yet and you're in the area an you like  beef jerky the selections are amazing, fresh and good definitely make a stop. I highly recommend it.Ǿ
I discovered this gem about a week ago and I am hooked,  I just got done getting more. They are locally owned and family run. They smoke all the jerky on site. When I walked in i was greeted and offered samples to try to help see what I liked. My favorites right now are the black pepper teriyaki and the green chili, crazy good. If you love good jerky and great customer service this is the only place to go in vegasǾ
Friendly service and jerky made on-site in about 20 flavors! JB's teriyaki is my favorite, but the teriyaki with black pepper is also pretty good, they're not too sweet like I usually find teriyaki jerky. They also offer some more unique flavors like green chile and "better than steak" (which actually wasn't, to me). Service is really sweet and they're happy to have you sample plenty of flavors to figure out what you like. 

Note that the space is small and hours are a bit limited. They have a progressive discount, so the more you purchase, the lower you pay per bag: $10/ea, or 2/$18, 3/$27, etc.