Waitress was nice but we waited for our food for at least an hour and a half. This is the first time that something like this has ever happened to us.Ǿ
Not the first time we walked in & were totally ignored.  Even after I went back & asked the hostess if we actually had a server for our table ... No one showed.   Its a busy truck stop Dennys & not the cleanest, not the brightest & a very mixed clientele.  certainly the service has repeatedly been very poor. Very probably the last time we will visit this particular Denny's.  We left & went to a Denny's a few miles down the road where we were waited on within minutes!Ǿ
After being seated, we ordered our breakfast and we promptly were served our drinks, a coffee and hot chocolate with 2 waters. As time went on we watched 5 tables around us seated with more breakfast goers. The same waitress helped those tables as well as ours. About 30 minutes in all the tables around us were served food and we were still sitting there with no food and our drink ran dry. Others after us ate and had left and then so did I. This dennys needs to work on a few thingsǾ
Outstanding! Big restaurant, great service and the place is clean. I go on a regular on Sunday's and I have never had any issues.Ǿ
Where do i begin... when we arrived we were seated within 5 min of our arrival. As soon as we sit our waitress come to the table and gives my wife and i the most uncomfortable "up and down" stare. We order our drinks. The waitress brings me my coffee with nothing to stir it with. I waited until she came around and thats when i asked her for a spoon to stir my coffee. To my disbelief she grunted! We were going to walk out but decided to stay. I ordered a burger (bland!) My wife ordered French toast and eggs. (She said it was good.) I probably will NEVER return here! Tip for staff...dont judge a book by its cover.Ǿ
The waitress was good as always, but the cook was off today . I ordered a well done steak , and received a juicy, dripping blood, rare steak. I didn't complain and tried to handle it thinking the rest would be cooked, until I realized the whole half of my steak was rare. After asking the manager for help on the bill, he rudely snatched the bill and said " we're not taking off the whole thing" and walked away as if the steak didn't look rare. When he came back with the rearranged balance, he asked if I was done eating while grabbing the plate at the same time I was taking the last few bites of the hash browns I could take before he grabbed the plate. This place is usually on point with costumer service and food quality, but today was different.Ǿ
There was still yolk on my burger!!! Horrible customer service. I recommend to drive a little further it will be worth it. Our server was in the kitchen laughing as I was waiting for a refill! I couldn't believe it. STAY AWAY.Ǿ
SERVER WAS GREAT. She was nice and attentive, great customer service (11:00pm 8/27) my slow cooked pot roast was yummy, very salty though! The only reason for 4 star instead of 5 is because i ordered the chocolate molten expecting it to have chocolate inside but there is none :(Ǿ
The service sucked the cook was the one that seated us. When we got our food the egg was still undercook yes the egg how hard is it to cook a dam egg. When we told the lady who we payed with just said "oh ok" cranky ass workers. I recommend Kay's cafe is well worth the extra 5 minute drive and well worth the money.Ǿ
Worst place time and time again. Food came out slow which I could understand because it was busy, but server disappeared for over 20 minutes. Drinks were empty on the table the entire time. Food finally came out and everything was cold. Had them remake it and it came out within 10 seconds reheated in a microwave and still cold. Terrible service and horrible food handling. NEVER EAT HERE! Go to the Denny's off of 75th instead! Save yourself the frustration!