If zero stars was an option this would be the place! Dirty floors, dirty counters, rude employees, broken equipment, slow service.  This McDonald's really sets the brand standard.  Just stay away unless you have a lot of time to wait and don't mind your food being touched without gloves right after they handle the money.Ǿ
I visited this drive thru with my family on Friday evening and it was the worst experience that I have ever been in.The person that took our order had to keep asking for help, and the 2 cooks that were there look like they should be at home in a rocking chair, and I am old myself, they reminded me of Mutt and Jeff their attitude was completely horrible, and there appearance was awful, and to top it off my DAUGHTER GOT SICK FROM THE FOOD THAT SHE ATE THERE THAT EVENING, SO A WARNING TO ALL PLEASE DO NOT EAT THERE EVER.Ǿ
I wish there was another mcdonalds closer to satisy my craving for an unsweet tea, alas there is not and i have to SUFFER and end up here. There is only 1 person that i have dealt with that is always kind and she usually works in the morning. The rest of them... seriously... i have sent in numerous complaints to mcdonalds in hopes that maybe something will be done, the last time i was there someone was working in a white tank top and shorts...Ǿ
The cashier did not know how to enter our coupon or game piece into the cash register so had to ask another employee. The quarter pounder burgers were sort of expensive for the medium size and the mediocre taste. Employees have not been mean but have not done a good job either. Drive-thru can be slow when nearby CCAC classes let out at night and students are buying dinner.Ǿ
This place is actually quite good. Service is always very fast and I go to the drive thru in the morning I really do appreciate it thanks! Keep it up!Ǿ
If you can avoid this place do so ... I doubt if they change their grease as they suppose to ... yes check your bag before leaving I went all the way to work to notice they forgot to give me my breakfast sandwich , they really hire just anyone which ends up making them look badǾ
This is, without a doubt, the worst McDonald's I have ever been to. You have never met a lazier, meaner, less considerate staff. If you feel the need to indulge and have McDonald's, I suggest you drive to any other one than this. We have had them short us change and refuse to fix it, throw food at us, ignore us, and walk away while talking. They are bad even in comparison to other fast food places.Ǿ
Zero stars is more accurate than 1 star. This is literally the worst McDonald's on the planet. You'll sit in the drive thru for a lifetime, regardless of how many other cars are actually in line. The service is slower than slow, ruder than rude and just downright awful. It's like every McDonald's in the Pgh area took their single worst employee and sent them all to open a franchise here in the north side. Avoid this location at ALL costs.Ǿ
This McDonald's is the worst I have ever, EVER been too. I've never experienced anything like it in my life. The service is crazy awful. I mean, I have never seen a more miserable group of people in my life! Going through the drive thru at 3 am? Forget it! You'll be there an hour, not even exaggerating. Then you'll get to order and the person you're talking to is the rudest jerk on the planet, then you'll get your food and you'll get someone else's order or just wrong entirely. Seriously, if you have to have Mcdonalds, go to the one on McKnight, or 65 pr even go to Wendys. Don't waste a second of your life! It is so bad it is unreal.Ǿ
3 stars bc the employee was super nice but that's it. It took 20 minutes for the drive thru to get a burger and a cone... let's just say that I finished the cone before I got the burger. Also they didn't have any soda???? Apparently they were out??? 

TIP: take ur tinder date here. The long drive thru gives you a lot of time to talk.Ǿ
Went tonight through the drive threw. Waited 15 minutes to even order. Cold food. Cooking at home.  Thanks guys. Poor service. Poor food.Ǿ
Is this the slowest drive thru ever?? Literally sat here for 30 minutes. Next time we try Wendy's next door.  We saw that moving twice as fast.Ǿ
Food was fine. But it literally took a half an hour with 3 cars in front of us in the drive thru.  Not sure what was wrong.Ǿ
Horrible food at this place. Cold fries and dry burger. Warning..when ordering at drive thru- check your order before leaving. Apparently they have no clue what no ketchup and no mustard means. A bunch of people there who don't give a crap about service. Will never go back.Ǿ
Not as ghetto as the one downtown. But still ghetto af. Fills up with Steelers and Pitt fans for early games. It's usually pretty clean which is a big step up from the one downtown. 

I've learned that people who get Mcdonalds are disappointed when they get the expensive stuff on the menu. And then they look at their crappy sandwich they paid  $8 for and they be all "oh this is the crappiest $8 burger I ever had". Well no shit sherlock, you got an $8 burger from Mcdonalds. Get 4 el cheapo mcdoubles and you will say "that was a pretty good burger for a buck fiddy".

I got a Breakfast McGangbang (a sausagd muffin inside of a mcdouble). As usual (and expected), they would not construct it for me.  But I did once I sat down. Greasy, salty, loaded with sodium, saturated fat and happiness.