Great cheap beer selection and BECs!
This place has everything to offer from bacon egg and cheese sandwiches (late night) to beer! FREE popcorn. FRIENDLY staff. BOARS HEAD meats. The staff get to know people personally and try to make your experience as quick and easy as possible! A similar place to wawa! Definitely going back.
Creativity: 10/10
Atmosphere: Frat
Price: $
Quality: For what it is 8/10Ǿ
Oh, Tags.
I lived around the block, and hot damn, I wasted so much money here on god knows what. Probably just candy, chips, pop and gatorade. 
But so did all the other frat guys and sorority girls, so I feel okay.
Corned beef sandwiches, mmmm.
Best place on upper Langdon... well... *only* restaurant on upper Langdon!Ǿ
These guys are cool. If you don't frequently shop at MacTaggarts, you are walking too far, you dont live in the 'hood, you keep it extra kosher, or else maybe you didnt know about the coolest place to find practically everything you need in a convenience store... You can even score food for your neurotic feline friends, and stuff to tidy up the ol' litter box.Ǿ
Good juicy sandwiches, but the bread is a bit too soft (I like mine more dense). They have a good deli and beer selection, and a fairly good amount of junk food goodies as well. My best description of the place is that it's a slightly higher class 7-11, but without the slurpees and the hot dogs, which is pretty disappointing. The cashiers and deli people there are quite nice though.Ǿ
Buried in a nondescript little basement in a back alley, frequented only by the frat boys and sorority girls who know of its existence. Tags' gooey breakfast sandwiches, juicy subs, salty (and free!) popcorn, and oversized cans of Monster were the only thing that kept me going when I used to live on Langdon Street.  And honestly their subs kick the crap out of Pinkus McBride's subs. Despite the fact that the two delis use the same ingredients, Tags just knows how to make theirs so much more savory (edit: it might be the bread. Or the better/cheaper ingredient selection. But yeah it's probably mainly the bread).Ǿ
I love this place! They are at a great location and are open for most of the day. They sell a wide variety of basic "grocery food" along with making their own food. They sandwiches are amazing! Plus many of their items are from other Wisconsin business. I would highly recommend going here to get great food or just to stock up on some food items!!Ǿ
I forgot about this place until I saw it on Yelp!  

Great place to blow your money when you've had a little too much to drink, or so I've heard.  Lots of good junk food.  Staff was always nice.Ǿ
MacTaggarts is the best. Enough said. 

The prices are a little steep, but that's understandable based on where they're located. They have pretty much everything you could ask out of a neighborhood market: cool tunes, great employees, and Boar's Head everything. 

They have an underrated selection of different micro-brews as well, which is (imho) a huge plus. 

Only thing you need to look out for is their half step coming up and down the stairs (if and when you're there, you'll know exactly what I'm talking about). 

Stay cool "tags"