There are a few reasons I shall not return to this establishment, and would not recommend it.
1. I called ahead because I was on a time constricted lunch break, they told me 20 minutes, I arrived 25 minutes later only to wait 15 minutes for my food.
2. My order was grossly incorrect. I specifically said "there is no meat on the greek salad right?" to which the response was "ya, no meat" there was gyro meat on my salad. I asked for the greek fries without the sauce that they use and for a side of ranch. They put the sauce on and gave me a side of more sauce.
3. When I called to complain, the person told me there was no one else for me to speak with and then hung up on me. I called back, they ignored my call. I called back from a different number and they hung up on me again. I went back to the restaurant, only to be told that I didn't call. 
They were extremely rude, and unapologetic for their mistake.笑
This place is pretty hard to find if you don't Google Map it first. I've driven by this shopping centre thousands of times and never knew there was a restaurant set back far behind the El Pollo Loco and Wells Fargo. 

I've been mad craving gyros for awhile now and decided yesterday was the day to quench that... hunger. Looking on Yelp for a convenient place that didn't have horrible reviews proved a challenge but I made it here in the end.

For just $6.99, you get a generously filled flat bread - gyro, vegetables and tzatziki sauce - rolled up in foil with a side a seasoned thick-cut fries and a 16oz drink (Coke products - nothing ethnic). She threw in ketchup packets and napkins into my to-go order bag and I was out the door in less than 10 minutes. 

The flat bread was very soft - in fact fell apart on me as I tried to eat it taco-style - and the fries were tasty if a bit boring (the seasoning is just paprika and salt). I definitely should have ordered an extra side of tzatziki sauce for my fries. 

Overall, good deal. If in the area and cravings strike again, I won't overlook this place.笑
I like this place. You can substitute a Greek salad for fries.  Add a drink and tax and it's only $7.09. Good for a quick lunch.笑
I really love this place they make the best greek salad ever, the customer service is wonderful, they are prompt with my order and the food tastes better each and every time!笑
I really enjoy their salads. Plenty to eat and always flavorful. I have recommended them to friends and staff alike. If you are a salad eater you will not be disappointed.笑
Great prices with great service. Place is clean and easy to found. Love to meet my friends for lunch here笑
Awesome sauce!!! All I can say is this is the best Greek food I have ever had!! 

The owners are so nice and down to earth!! 

If you are on the fence, swing in and try this place....you won't be sorry!!笑
Worse customer service ever. Barbara the manager is so rude has no customer service after 35 mins of waiting for "6" piece wings I asked how much longer she stated I ordered the most expensive thing on the menu I WILL NEVER RECOMMEND a family or friend my coworker was also with me and the manager Barbra has the WORST attitude for owning the place. She refused to give me back a refund I got my food thrown at me and got accused of "being the crazy lady" will never go back there again I don't know how someone like her can own a restaurant with that type of attitude笑
Delicious and juicy chicken pita (shawarma), beef gyro special was tasty and authentic, friendly and great customer service with a smile!  And make sure to ask the (male) owner to play a song request on his guitar!  Lots of fun!!笑
Do you want authentic greek fresh food? Or how about a perfect all beef hot dog, no maybe a grilled cheeseburger! You can have it all...  Here! I love this place! Yesterday our group ordered the gyro plate which was amazingly spiced super moist meat with a traditional style tazzici (sp)sauce. Today cheese burgers! Yum! Fantastic perfectly seasoned fries or a delicious greek salad! Any way you go, you won't be disappointed! Eat well, live well and enjoy!笑
Athens Gyros & Pasta is my favorite place to get gyros in The Valley. I discovered this place after some friends found it one random day. It was fieldtrip time for us as we piled into the car and walked in, curious if this tiny, hole-in-the-wall restaurant was going to deliver good food. Just like most small restaurants; the food was out of this world! I've been several, SEVERAL times, and even though I no longer live in that neighborhood, I still re-route on the way back from work every so often to stop by and grab the chicken gyro combo. 

The chicken gyro is my all-time favorite! They pile it high with meat and add just the right amount of sauce EVERY time. The fries that come with it are also dee-lish, not comparable to McDonalds or Del Taco Fries...they're more like those amazing county fair fries. 

The ladies that work there are always so sweet, every single time (and I've been dining PLENTY of times at this place).

If you're in the area, skip the Denny's or Burger King in the parking lot, and stop by Athens to try a gyro, you won't be disappointed.

(On a side note, the "atmosphere" of this place may not be up to par with the big restaurants or East Valley dining, but I'm someone who goes for food and service, the look of the restaurant is last on my list.)笑
I have been coming here for about a year since I work close by. Ive noticed recently the place has been taken over by a new owner, and the menu hasnt changed which is awesome. The wait doesnt seem as long to get my food and the portions are very generous. Today however, I ordered my usual, gyro salad with extra meat no pita. The salad was great, but there wasnt extra eat on it like i had asked and was charged extra for. I also pulled 2 small dark colored hairs out of my salad about halfway through eating it. I couldnt finish my meal after that. I do love this place though I'm hoping that they had just an off kind of a day and that it gets fixed.笑
I chose the gyro plate and had a side of hummus.  The gyro plate came with a heaping helping of gyro meat topped with onions, tomatoes and yogurt sauce, Mediterranean rice, pita, and a Greek salad.  It's a lot of food for $10.  The meat was seasoned and cooked well.  The produce and sauce were nice touches to brighten up the dish.  I loved the rice.  The hummus was garnished with spices, oil, olives, tomato, and cucumber.  Not sure if it's the proper technique or not, but I stirred it all together and enjoyed it quite a bit.笑
This is a great little spot. Tucked away in a a small strip mall and no frills but the gyros are delicious and very generous portions.  The new owners are a delight and happy to serve.笑
Environment- The dingy shopping complex this restaurant resides in might give you pause, but once you walk inside you'll find a spacious and clean environment. 4 out of 5.

Service- The service was outstanding. The owners went out of their way to provide helpful, thoughtful service.  I mentioned that I was picking up both dinner and lunch for the next day. They responded by checking which order I was saving for the next day so they could put the sauce on the side, and they pointed out to me which was which when packing my order up, despite having already written on the wrappings. They even offered me a free soda while I waited. The service was a 6 out of 5.

Portions- the gyro and pork souvlaki were the size you'd expect, but the hummus was huge. Hummus for days. Only two days, though, because it was too tasty to survive longer.  5 out of 5.

Taste- Best Greek fast food I've had in Phoenix. Probably the best I've had outside of Germany. 5 out of 5.

$- A lot of bang for your buck. Two meals and a enough hummus for two snacks came in at around $15. Good luck trying to find a $5 meal this tasty somewhere else. 5 out of 5.笑
Alright, I should never review while mad, but this meal pissed me off to no end.  

This is your standard Gyro place with the same bulk processed lamb and beef on a stick you get at every Gyro place in Phoenix and the rest of the country.  

It's all made in the same factory in Chicago or wherever it is.  That said, I don't mind it, it tastes fine if it's roasted on the cooker.  I like it.

Well, the front help was nice and the cook nodded hello.  All was good.  People were nice.

 Ordered a gryo salad to go.  Paid and left.

First issue, they did not slice my meat off of the cooker, it was put from some container onto the grill.  This pisses me off.  I want crispy edges not some wonder meat from yesterday.

Lastly, since I got it to go, I didn't see my result until miles away.

2+ cups of dressing on my salad.  I kid you not.  I COULD NOT SEE THE MEAT OR SALAD.  

What the heck was the cook thinking?  I had more dressing than meat and salad.  I am NOT joking.

And it wasn't even tsasiki sauce just some substandard yuck from likely a giant bucket.

Note to self:  Do not order gyros from place that doesn't slice fresh.  Always get dressing on side.  Don't eat here.笑
If you're in the mood for Greek this is your place. The owners are married and take pride of their  restaurant.  With that being said the food is fresh and great portion size for a great price. Your taste buds won't be disappointed.笑
I work close by here and they deliver, yay! Food is always fresh and delicious, I can really taste the love in the food. Gets delivered fast and driver is a awesome lady!笑
The food is delicious and at a decent price and the people here are extremely helpful and so kind. I could eat here everyday. The best gyros around.笑
Great place to pop into for healthy lunch, I recommend takeout unless you want to watch Telenovas during your lunch, I don't.  The interior hurts my eyes, bright blue and red furniture was a little too much for me. I love Greek food, and they serve a solid chicken kabob, chicken was great and marinade was sooo flavorful! Lots of fresh vegetables served with the side salad, the rice was unusual, but good, not your typical jasmine rice which I prefer. All and all good experience.笑
If you want to support this local Awesome couple then check out their Restaurant 
Athens Gyros & Pasta
2340 W Northern Ave, Phoenix

Stopped in here on Wednesday night, I had a craving for a Gyros of course got side tracked by the smell of Angus beef on the grill so ended up ordering the cheese burger without cheese and fries. Wow I was pleasantly surprised not only by the food but the amazing friendliness of the owner and his wife, They came here to America for a better life and worked hard to get it. I had such a great conversation with this couple and was made to feel like a friend (vary unusual in todays world) the wife shared a plate of there Gyro meat freshly made on the rack (wow vary good, next time and that will be soon I will be having that Gyro). During my visit I enjoyed talking to Abraham about Greece and the beauty of that country shown in the couple painting on the wall, and a lot of Politics he is vary insightful.. All in all I enjoyed my visit immensely and would highly recommend a visit to Athens Gyros and Pasta and say hi to Abraham and his lovely wife when you do.  I will definitely be making this Restaurant a regular stop..笑
So sad, been going to this place regularly for the last 1.5 years.  They had the most amazing spaghetti sauce.  Then they changed, each week it seemed to get a little worse, until my last trip when it became obvious they've just given up and are using a jarred sauce.  They've lost this loyal customer.笑
Whoa!  That's allot of meat!

I stopped here for a quick lunch.  I had the Gyro combo.  Everything tasted just as expected.  It's funny how you can get a Gyro at some little place in Anycity, USA and it will taste almost exactly the same.  Sort of the Greek equivalent of the Big Mac.  There must be only one supplier for the Gyro loaf that they all use.

What I would have liked from Athen's was 50% less meat and 100% more onion, tomato and dressing.  I left them a Yelp card so hopefully they will read the review.  My Gyro had easily enough meat for 2 sandwiches.  I was tossing off meat.

Did I just say tossing off meat?笑
Edible but disappointed. Don't know many Greek restaurants who use oregano in a salad rather than mint or not use lemon juice and garlic in everything. Shawarma was cut so small that it became jerky like and dry. Sweet service but not what I expected.笑
This is one of the best restaurants within about 3 square miles of here. No need to go anywhere else!

A lovely mom and pop shop, the food is delicious and plentiful.

In October 2016 a new owner took over. Sadly, no more Greek owners, but food is still excellent and menu hasn't changed.

Today I ordered my regular Chicken Kabob plate that comes with salad, a drink, puta bread, and either fries or rice. Today for the first time I noticed there was barely any salad in the container and tons of rice. Not sure what happened there; I will call it a fluke unless I see that they are now giving less salad than before.

I did note that the pita seemed extremely fresh compared to other visits and the chicken and rice and salad dressing were all as yummy as before.

I wish the new owners luck in sustaining their business and growing it over time. I still see many folks in there from my work building. We all love it!笑
Nice little restaurant hidden behind the bank.  This being my first time I ordered the hummus and Greek salad to see if this place was good. The ladies that took my order were nice and brought out the food pretty quick. I was amazed with the portions because the prices weren't bad.  Both the hummus and salad were perfect and tasted fresh.  The hummus was probably the best I've had compared to other Greek places in Phoenix.  Definitely will be back to try the gyros and the chicken shawarma.笑
LOVE LOVE 
One of my favorites!! Best Chicken Pita I have ever had!! The Greek salad is very delish as well! And i dont really even like fries and they have some of the best fries ever!! I always get a side of pita bread because its that good and fresh.. Highly recommend!! Love the owners as well very nice!笑
I absolutely adore this little Greek restaurant!   Sweet owners, always such a joy to see them!  Their Gyro Greek salad was packed full of a fresh variety of veggies that are very appealing to the eye and the taste buds!   Their hummus *Rocks*! Everything I've tried at this place has always been amazing!  A++++++笑
Nice friendly staff. Service was kind of slow for a lunch break stop. Food was ok, but lacking flavor in comparison to my regular greek stops. Left me wanting to go to my default Greek rrestaurant.笑
The pita sandwiches are pretty good.  Fries are very good.  I ordered an Italian bread sandwich and it was not very good at all.  It got so soggy and not very tasty.....笑
New owners, food isn't the same, beef and chicken plates are very dry now, before it was perfect, new cooks need more training by original owners. Also more professionalism around customers felt like Hell's Kitchen young lady was yelling in the back.笑
This place has great lunch specials and a wide variety of food options for those who for some reason don't like Greek food/ gyro. 

Since I love gyro, that's what I order everytime I go but since it is always so good, it is hard to order anything else!

The food is always hot and fresh. It is also made quickly enough so I can easily eat during my one hour lunch break.

Another plus is that with the lunch special, there is the option of selecting a Greek salad or fries!笑
This place is great!! The lady owner  prepared our takeout order with such warmness as if you were going to have dinner in her house. Their hummus is to die for: flavorful and creamy. Their gyros are also delicious, and their prices are reasonable! I so recommend this place. Try it, you won't be disappointed.笑
Mmm chicago style beef sandwich was pretty good!  With peppers both sweet and hot. A little salty but good and juicy. I'll go back for the rest of the menu!笑
My first time there for lunch and tried the Gyro lunch special with fries and a drink.  It was a good meal for the money but very slow.  Also, I found the sign at the soda machine limiting you to one refill funny.  I would go back if I had the time to wait.笑
I visited this mom and pop Greek restaurant in my sister's Phoenix neighborhood when I was there in March.  Set in a nondescript strip mall, it was hard to know what to expect, but upon entering we were first struck by the sparkling clean dining room and then by the delicious Mediterranean cooking aromas.  The food was absolutely delicious:  tender and flavorful gyro meat, fresh salad ingredients, tasty dressing, crispy-on-the-outside and soft-on-the-inside fries, and soft pita bread.  It was all cooked to order, so we did not mind waiting in the least.

We also noticed the menu included American classics like hot dogs and grilled cheese.  This is a great option for Greek food lovers who eat out with others who aren't crazy about trying something different.

We liked the food so much that we went back a second time during my 5-day visit.  With all of the food choices in Phoenix, this really says something!笑
1st day in Phoenix and stopped here for body fuel after a long road trip from Atlanta and I am excited to say, I have found my first favorite place in Phoenix!! The gyro was amazing and the lamb was tender and deelish. I am def going to try the greek salad next time since a customer who was enjoying it himself made sure to advise that I do so my next time! Matter of fact...ON MY WAY THERE NOW!笑
Super unhappy, and I didn't even eat! The lady made up EVERY excuse not to honor the restaurants.com voucher I printed out just yesterday. First she said business was too slow to honor it. Then she said it was from 2011? Then she said it was only for catering orders of 60.00 or more. Then she said it was fake. She never called to confirm, she didn't even look at it to see where it was certified, or that it said 10.00 off 20.00 or more. I refuse to do business with people that refuse to honor their promotion. They should take themselves off restaurants.com if that's the case. booooo!笑
First timers: we went today for early supper.  

Mommy, Daddy and 3 year old Silly Pants (who was sleeping on Mommy's shoulder at first).

Greeted by very friendly Mom and Pop owners.  

Housemade hummus plate was wonderful.  It had greek olives, fresh olive oil and a red spice sprinkled.  Very garlicy.  Mom told me that she makes the hummus with nothing from the can.  The pita it came with was a little stale, but still tasty.

Spanokopita was filled with spinach but not cheese.  Served with lovly tatziki sause.  Just perfect.

House Greek salad was great!  Fresh red onion, romaine, feta, tomatoes, olives and housemade dressing on side.  Just wonderful!

Our boy woke up and joined us for the entree.  Yay!

Gyro plate was divine.  The lamb was cooked perfectly and had crispy edges.  The white onion was not strong and went so well with the fresh tomatoes and more tatziki sauce on top.  We had french fries, which were just right.  Freshly cooked. 

Overall, clean, friendly atmosphere.  Very casual.  

50 cents for refills.  Somewhat loud tv with game show on.

3 others came in for take out and complimented Mom and Pop for great food.  They were obviously regulars.  

We will be back next time we are in the mood for gyros.  

Wish they had baba ganoush.笑
I just ordered off of GrubHub... And this is EXACTLY how I pictured my gyro! I'm so excited! It's delicious ! The pita is soft the meat is perfect and I can tell their veggies are fresh. I will admit, I was worried to order from a place I had never been to before or seen, but it worked out perfectly! Greek salad also is super yummy! Quality!笑
This is now my favorite place to eat! The Pita bread and hummus is to die for  the staff is so kind and even if the sign says closed they are still happy to let you in to order.

This will be our favorite place for Gyros, I highly recommend you try it...笑
This is a Mom n Pop restaurant in Phoenix that has fresh food, good service and a "home" kind of feel.  It is owned by a Greek husband and wife that has been there every time I've been in.  They have gyro specials that include fries and a drink.  I prefer the chicken gyro, they do it very well.  Prices are great for the meal that you get.  The homemade hummus is really great!  We come here often because the food is good, price is right, owners are very nice and I like to support local businesses.  My only complaints are that sometimes they run out of hummus and the baklava isn't the best.  Other than that, a really great spot. Highly recommend.