Since we've relocated to the area that homes a few taco trucks, and taco stops...we've planned a night to test them. We drive by and always see a good amount of patrons...so we did it last night, and this will be our taco truck to enjoy fresh homemade tortillas and tacos. My husband got a lengua taco and we got a couple Carne Asada ones. Everything was fresh and wonderful. Next time we may try a torta. Get it to go and its nicely packaged with salsas (or chili) & other toppings. Only sad part is that they should have a folding picnic table so we can enjoy there on the spot, otherwise you're making a.mess in the car. Maybe next time we take our truck and eat on the tailgate. Either way....we will be back.笑
When I stopped by Sinaloa the other night with a group of friendly Yelpers on what happened to be the first UYE (Taco Trek) I have attended, I went simple and safe.  I ordered just two tacos knowing this was not our first stop.  I had one carne asada and one al pastor taco.  I was not brave enough to try the tripa, lengua or cabeza.  Those are too foreign to me.  I stuck with what I know and I was not overly impressed for the most part.  I was enjoying myself but more because of the company rather than the tacos.  That is not to say the tacos were bad.  They just weren't especially flavorful.  I suppose I could have used some of the salsa and condiments on hand.  But I like to taste the flavor of my food rather than cover it.  I heard the salsas were pretty good though.  All that being said I must say the fresh made corn tortillas cranked out by hand are outstanding.  That is a nice touch.笑
Damn good place for some tacos. I literally am addicted to these delicious treats. I would most definitely recommend going for the burrito with that green sauce and sweet pineapple salsa on top so good that you'll be screamin "Lion"笑
Was on my way to Pepe's and pulled over when I saw the crowd gathered around this taco truck.

I liked...
- Handmade corn tortilla.  Yum.  
- Salsa bar.  A good spice red sauce and an even better greenish red sauce.  A tasty avocado sauce too!
- Fresh horchata on ice.  Nice and sweet.

I didn't like...
- No rice in burritos??
- High prices for a food truck.  $2 for tacos and $6 for burritos.
- No tables or chairs for sitting.笑
Drove past earlier in the day laughing & joking about the taco truck in the brake shop parking lot. After a few hours and several drinks later, I found myself ordering tacos here. Sooo glad I let those drinks decide that we needed tacos from this sketchy looking spot. All I really know is that the pastor & asada tacos were pretty amazing. They had this pineapple salsa or pineapple pieces for the tacos in a self serve salsa bar, why does every taco shop that sells al pastor not have that readily available!? Where has that pineapple salsa been all my life? Good tacos  will definitely be back next time I'm in Vegas. 
**only 4 stars because I've had better tortillas and $2 a taco is kinda up there, won't stop me from coming back though..笑
I don't think I will be wasting my time with any of the other taco trailers in town now that I've discovered Sinaloa's bean and cheese burritos. They don't seem to offer rice, so it's a simple combination of a freshly made flour tortilla, flavorful pinto beans, and creamy melted cheese. Instead of gross, lardy refried beans, they use perfectly cooked whole beans that melt into a creamy, delicious combination with the cheese. Messy, but awesome. Quesadillas on fresh corn or flour tortillas also don't disappoint, as they use a better cheese than other vendors who just load a stale tortilla with a pound of mozzarella. Sinaloa is a promising choice even if you don't eat meat.

The fresh horchata alone is worth a visit to Sinaloa (the trailer on Lake Mead... I can't comment on Sinaloa, MX or its horchata.)

Yes, this is a "hot new businesses" bump.笑
I have nooo complaints with this truck!! Don't let the location Decatur @Lake Mead in front of auto shop fool you! I been here several times, the food is super yummy! Ive always been sceptical of taco trucks cleanliness but they have an."A".rating in there window. Always clean when I go. Did I mention home made corn tortillas! Don't ask me how they fit that machine in there! You can't beat $1.50 carne tacos abd super delish. $5 Tortas!! This truck is a must try!笑
I came here last night with about 20 people from Yelp as the first stop on Nelson's UYE Taco Trek and Cool Down #2.

I got two tacos, one cabeza with a hand made corn tortilla; the other was lengua with flour tortilla.  After stopping at the toppings bar on the side of the wagon, I enjoyed these tacos a lot.  I like the sliced cucumbers and their spicy hot green salsa.  It was very good.  On the lengua, I put some pineapple which made the flavor of the tongue stand out.

I think this would be a place to which I'll return and get some tacos to go.  I find that eating at food trucks is problematic because you don't have a place to sit nor a table.  Of course, I could have gotten one of my folding chairs we use for after hike Guinness Time but today's not the best time to think of that.

This is a good street taco place and I recommend it if you're on the west side of Las Vegas!笑
I'm not going to lie, the whole thing feels a little sketchy and I order in spanish to try to blend in, but it's all worth it for those burritos al pastor and fresh tortillas.笑
One of the best street tacos I've had. The tripas definitely were on point and cabeza was amazing. Will be back for sure!笑
This place is by far the best taco truck I've had here in Vegas. The flavor is good and you can't beat the hand made tortillas. Recommend to any body who's looking for great tasting tacos!!笑
An old-school taco truck, packed with FIVE employees cooking up food for the crowds- no exaggeration. I found this spot not because the truck itself is brightly lit or anything, but because the whole parking lot is full of parked cars and trucks with families chowing down. 

We ordered five different tacos and a quesadilla. Pricing is good, ~$2/taco and $6 quesadilla. I appreciated that the portions were generous and the meats were not greasy. However, the meats tasted very similar- the al pastor and lengua were our favorite, everything else tasted more or less the same. Quesadilla had tons of cheese. Salsas are either very spicy (especially the verde) or not spicy at all (the creamy avocado sauce).

This location is clearly very popular, but perhaps we just didn't order the best dishes. Note that there is also a hotdog cart in this parking lot. If you don't care for the tacos here, there are three more taco restaurants (also open late) in the next block.笑
Good authentic Tacos, fresh made tortillas. With lots of options on the salsas. They have hot dogs too that are very authentic wrapped with bacon.笑
Great sinaluence tacos! Probably the best in town. They always serve fast, and have a variety of salsas. They also have those good ol bottled cokes. Make sure to try the mulitas, absolute deliciousness!笑
Sooooo happy that these guys didn't disappear for good! They just outgrew that space at the gas station and have now been situated at N Decatur and Lake Mead in the slightly bigger parking lot of Billy Mac's Auto Shop. They even brought their regulars with them, because even this lot was PACKED!

The items at Sinaloa are the same, and they even have a little hot dog cart off to the side, but it ain't anything like those yummy LA street dogs! Prices are also the same:

Tacos:
Asada, Al Pastor, Cabeza (*Their specialty), and Chorizo $1.50
Lengua and Tripas $2

Burritos, Tortas, and Quesadillas:
Asada, Al Pastor, Cabeza, and Chorizo $5.00
Lengua and Tripas $6.50

Mulitas: $4-6

According to the girl taking our order, their business hours are:
6pm-Midnight  Monday-Thursday
6pm-1am Friday-Sunday

If you haven't been yet(of course you haven't! So far, only Me, Jade W., and Amanda M. have!) Sinaloa is one of the best street taco vendors in town, and they make fresh flour and corn tortillas on the spot....Can't get fresher than that!

Tacos are just as good as I remember, and get them TO GO....they'll pack it up nicely on a plate with radish, lime, and salsas for you...If you're in the area, they are not hard to find. They are just a few blocks up from Komex, and across the street from Thai Grill. Use cash if you got it, but they do take plastic. I would avoid that $1.00 credit card charge and get a bottle of sangria to go with your tacos instead...ALOHA!!!

***When the weather starts getting cooler, this will be the starting point for the "Street Taco Scramble Part 2!!!****笑
Excellent street tacos! One of the best in town with hand made tortillas on the spot! Also try their Mexican hotdogs wrapped in bacon and their quesadillas! Fast and delicious food笑
For a while, I've been wanting to go to this famed taco trailer as I've heard from Nelson Q. that this was the place for cabeza and lengua tacos.

 It was a bit confusing so I've had failed attempts so let me try to clear up as much information as possible. Firstly, it used to be called Karinas 2 and it is now Sinaloa. So if you're looking for that, then what you're looking for is Sinaloa. Way before, they used to be by Oakey by Luv- Its then moved to this side of town. .Now it WAS on the corner of Vegas Dr and Decatur Blvd.but it has since moved... You will see a cart at that gas station and that's some new vendor. They are now at Billy Macs Auto lot on Decatur and Lake Mead. Now my goal for next time is to get their hours, but for now the best bet is to go later in the day. Oh yeah, they take cash AND card which is unusual for a taco cart. 

It is pretty basic what they offer. Meats : carne asada, al pastor/adobada, chorizo, lengua, cabeza. You can get it as tacos, tortas, burritos, quesadillas or mulitas. They have some sodas and horchata. 

So the positives - 

HANDMADE TORTILLAS. So when corn tortillas are fresh they tend to soft and fluffy of a consistency than mass produced ones, even the better brands. They also make fresh flour tortillas, but I did not try them on this visit, but will one day. I love that they offer fresh tortillas here, which separates them from a lot of taco spots. 

We tried

Adobada - pretty solid. It's not my favorite one in town, but pretty good. 
Cabeza - really nice and now sinewy/fatty like some can be which was a plus for the BF. 
Lengua - theirs was good. The BF is weird about how some can be a bit gelatinous, but this was meaty and none at all. He just prefers a smaller dice than big cuts like this, but it was tender and delicious to me. 

Packed ours to go and it stayed well the 5 minutes to get to my MILs place. They packed up salsas for us, but we hit the salsa bar for some of the extras like the diced up pineapples, pickled carrots and peppers, pickled onions, more limes, etc. 

It was pretty fast and efficiently run and seemed pretty clean inside from what I can see when their side door was open. The meats are solid, the fresh made tortillas are a huge plus. Definitely one of the better taco carts around and I will definitely be back to try more. First impression and first visit though was very good so go! 

If you need more convincing and some pictures, check out the old reviews of the previous locations. I made a new one because it is really hard to convince Yelp to change addresses for such a small, barely reviews place-

Karinas when it was at Decatur/Vegas - http://www.yelp.com/biz/karinas-2-las-vegas-2#query:Karinas%202
Karinas when it was in Downtown - http://www.yelp.com/biz/karinas-2-las-vegas#query:Karinas%202笑
I came to this food truck because my sister has been here before by another friend recommendations and let me tell you ! 

In Mexico we love to eat street tacos of all kinds of meats lengua (tongue) cabeza (head)buche (stomach ) cesos (brain) carne asada (steak) tripas( intestines ) and I was looking for a place that sell good tacos de tripa and this place was heaven !!!!

They make your tacos de tripas how ever you want the tropas to be , crunchy , xtra  crunchy or soft . They were so good I ate like 5  did I mention that the tortillas are big size! And the best of all they are hand made corn tortillas   tacos al pastor were so good too , carne asada wasn't my favorite but oh well ...

All tacos are $2 and well worth it !!!! They also have aguas frescas  , I definitely will be coming back for more tacos any time I can 

They park right at the corner of this car business and they do have plenty of parking , line seem so big but let that discourage you because they are super fast笑
Read the reviews, and since I saw 4 1/2 
Stars. Played it safe and ordered 4 tacos, 2 for me, 2 for my wife. Pastor/Asada. First off, tortillas are good, secondly the salsas are good. That's the good. Ratio of meat to taco, no bueno. Not worth the $2.00 a taco price. The place to go if your drunk or have to stop here for a quick bite.  Could have made these at home. You want better tasting tacos, go to Tacos El Gordo.笑
I was expecting a low key taco truck....but it seemed like a big party was going on when we pulled up to the auto shop lot where Sinaloa is parked! The parking lot was packed and there were people hanging out and eating tacos on top of their cars.  I would say this taco truck has the equivalent atmosphere of a night market in Asia.  The line was pretty long, all the way back to the curb when we got there with at least 20-30 people milling around eating/talking.  We were by far the odd ones out....there was not a word of English to be heard while we waited.  The tacos were $1.50 each and come with onions/cilantro, except for a few specialty items like lengua/tripe which were $2.00.  They have the assortment of tortas/burritos/quesadillas/mulitas, etc as well.  But I was there to try the hand made corn tortillas, so I went with my favorites, al pastor and lengua.  You can also order grilled onions and jalapenos for your tacos as well. The lengua was the large tender chunks that I like and the al pastor was tender and flavorful. Both were delicious even after packing them to go and driving the 20 minutes home.  They also have a condiment bar off to the right of the truck with pineapple salsa, cucumbers, beets, lime wedges, green and red salsa, and this guac dressing.  Look for the little plastic baggies to put the goodies in....being a rookie, I started packing sauces in the baggies but later was informed by the workers that the to go orders come with the red chili sauce and guac dressing on the plate.  Expect a little bit of a wait time since the tortillas are made in the truck.  The man handing out the orders was also kind enough to realize we couldn't understand Spanish...so he made it a point to get our number and bring us our order =) 

A few side notes, they also take credit cards and a hot dog cart is over on the left if you have a child who won't eat tacos, and you can even pick up a boot leg DVD from the hot dog cart =P.笑
This taco truck use to be have good tacos now  they destroyed , meat taste like cook 3 days ego  front of truck they used to have good salsa  now salsa area dirty , old and dry  stuff there 3 or 4 people inside the truck nobody go out side the clean salsa area  all they're doing nothing. Sorry to say that but they're destroying the business,  employees they have to take business very seriously but they are not.笑
This is where we met up to start our taco trek UYE and the best of our stops in my opinion. I was so impressed watching them making fresh flour tortillas right on the truck! Nice! The line was long at Sinaloa so I found that to be a good sign. Sinaloa offers a variety of tacos, burritos, mulitas, tortas and quesadillas. Here are some of the current prices:

*Tacos*
- Asada (beef), Al Pastor (marinated pork), Cabeza (head), Chorizo (pork beef) are $1.50 each 
- Lengua (tongue), Tripa ( intestines) are $2 each.  

*Burritos, Tortas and Quesadillas* 
- Regular $5
- Lengua $6.50
- Tripa $6.50

I decided to try a "Al Pastor Taco" and after ordering it took about 10 minutes for my taco. They make everything you order from scratch so it might take an extra minute, but it is worth it. The fresh tortilla is worth it alone! The pastor had great flavor. My hubby noticed the condiment bar (salsas, sliced cucumber, etc.) right next to where you order, but I didn't see it! I think there were too many people standing in front of it for me to notice. While I watched my hubby make a Mexican flag with sauce across his 2 tacos, I was glad to just have the cilantro/onion mix on my taco. The pastor had such good flavor that it really didn't need anything more then a good fresh tortilla wrapped around it. 

They have Coca-Cola in glass bottles (score!) and there is even a hot dog cart right next to the truck. I don't get the hot dog cart, but there were a decent amount of kids eating hot dogs so whatever works!笑
One of the best pastor tacos you will find in the Las Vegas area. Ask for sautéed onions and peppers if you like them and they have a great choice of salsas, pickled jalapenos, pickled red onions, mango, and cabbage in their salsa bar.

Some people have complained about the lack of seating, but food trucks are not permitted to have them for customers so bring your own if you want them.笑
Favorite taco truck right up the street from church so it's a favorite spot for having a bite after service. Reminds me of tacos when I go to San Luis Mx. Yummy asada tacos fresh tortillas great salsa can't get any better.笑
We have been eating tacos at Sinaloas for a while and then we lost them for a bit as they moved locations which was a great move but they had me scared for a while. 

I'm pretty sure all they serve here is great but I personally come here for the tacos de cabeza! Yes sir/mam and don't knock it till you've tried it!  I'm sure you can get cabeza in a burrito or quesadilla but I go for the tacos since the handmade tortillas you see being pressed out make it that much better. One thing i would recommend is to get them to go as they pack it up nicely which keeps them warm until you eat them and they include a red and green salsa.  

Now don't expect tables and chairs to get comfy in while you eat but do expect to keep wanting to come back for more tacos deliciosos!笑
Best taco truck I've had. Usually taco trucks don't taste very good and aren't as fresh but this one is. I love coming here on weekend nights getting tacos de asada.笑
Started out here as the first stop on a taco  trek UYE. There was a good sized crowd including yelpers. The smell coming from the truck was so good that I couldn't wait to try a couple tacos. There was also a hot dog cart next to the truck and coolers with drinks for sale. Since the line was long and they make the food to order I had to wait a bit for my tacos but it was worth it. After I got the 2 asada tacos I ordered on flour tortillas, I headed over to the condiment bar and loaded up on several salsas. I was surprised there was a lady on the truck making flour tortillas fresh for each order. major kudos on that! The flavor of the asada was good. I liked that my tacos were only $1.50 a piece and I could still add whatever salsas and veggies I wanted on my tacos. I will stop here again and recommend it to everybody.笑
Tacos de luengua estan super ricos. Tortillas Hechas a Mano y siempre  Buenos Rico y barrato tienen  que tratarlos !! :)