The Loose Moose is exactly what you'd expect on the inside from what you see on the outside. We went late at night and got cheap beers, $2 Miller deals and cheap craft bottles. Extra props for free pool while we were there, so we played a handful of games.

It loses points for the smoking, which I must admit doesn't smell nearly as bad as most smokey city bars, and for the bartender not knowing what kind of liquors were behind the bar when we tried to order some shots. We ended up sticking with beers.Ǿ
This was my first time here. I saw that they had a wing special & thought I would stop in for lunch. The bar was pretty mellow with a local bar vibe. Nikki (sp) was the bartender. She was very sweet & attentive. Excellent customer service.

The wing special is $0.25 half wings or $0.50 whole wings. There are about 6 or 7 different flavors offered. There are no limitations as to how many wings you can order with a flavor. I decided to go with the Honey BBQ & the San Antonio Hot. The Honey BBQ had great tangy flavor. I have an above average threshold for spicy foods. The San Antonio were pretty hot. I needed blue cheese to help get them down. Their blue cheese is nice too. It's smooth & not moldy tasting like roquefort. The wings were cooked to perfection. Nice & crispy. What an amazing deal.

I only have 1 complaint. For a non-smoker I wasn't digging that they let you smoke at the bar. Other than that, I had great service from Nikki & a tip of the hat to the cook. I'll definitely be coming back again.Ǿ
My FAVROITE place to go!!!!!!! Great specials w/ very friendly&beautiful bartenders! *Always a good time*Ǿ
The food is excellent but dieters beware. Wings, whole ones are a great buy and on special on Mondays. Here's an 'out' for dieters, you can get the wings with dry rubs on them, which are excellent,and less fattening than all that butter and sauce. I don't know how clean the place actually is but, If it's any indication, the restrooms are the nicest part of the restaurant. Beautiful and kept scrupulously clean!
The only detraction,and it's a big one, is they allow smoking all over the restaurant area... you can't get away from it! So be prepared to come home smelling like an ashtray. I did and there were only a few smokers in the restaurant at the time we were there. So, unfortunately, this will keep our visits rather infrequent.
I thought this was against the law...guess not.
The waitresses are very nice and very accommodating. Can't wait to try their sandwiches. Did I mention they have great specials!Ǿ
Sat down for 25 minutes, flagged down 2 bartenders, yet still never got waited on. Sunday night, so it wasn't like they were packed. Walked on outǾ
Went there at 1133p.m. specifically for the wing special, and we were told the kitchen closed already! It had a big crowd, so how do you close the kitchen early when you advertise a kitchen special. The bartenders are really hot and seemed nice, but I will not go out of my way to return here because of the special ending early.Ǿ
They have rather good specials each night. I had 50 cent tacos and $2.50 24 oz Molsons. Can't complain, it's one of the better if not best local places I've been. I didn't expect it to be but it's great for watching sports games. Only thing I didn't really like was you can smoke in there.Ǿ
this is a conditional 5 star. 
the bar is a classic conservative dive,  all the people going to just stare at you, and then keep talking about high school sports, meaningless TV shit, and dumb other topics. the bar is also very smelly - from smokers - the people are fine. its going to be classic rock and country and other stuff from those genres,   TVs will always be playing sports

but the prices, bottle selection, and food are just so damn good. if you are a bar food and atmosphere person this is your place. great wings, pizza, other stuff. the pool area is nice,  three bar sized tables, well kept and with enough space to take a few games serious.Ǿ
Saw they had a 50 can't taco and pizza slice special on Wednesdays. Tacos were delicious. Pizza nothing special but still decent. Bar area was pretty packed when we arrived near the end of happy hour. But plenty of other seating options. Server was quick and very friendly.Ǿ
Didn't really enjoy ourselves, definitely caters to a certain clientele and conveys a specific ascetic. You just have to be into it, which we weren't. You also need to really like smoking, like, alot.Ǿ
I've been here probably about 10-15 times and everytime I go there is a special. Besides having an awesome special every day, they also choose a beer or brewery of the month. Granted, they aren't craft beers (this past month was Coors Brewery) but they still put all these beers on special for $2! I mean come on, this is pretty great. They also have a special where you get wings which each beverage you purchase (not sure the specific on amount of wings or type of drink -- see their website for details.) 
A few things that aren't so great.. The service. They are always friendly but they seem to often be understaffed. I can sympathize with this as I served for 8 years but everytime I go there being understaffed and having to wait about 5-7 min for my first drink does seem a bit ridiculous. Another thing is that they are a smoking establishment. A lot of the times I go in I don't necessarily notice the smoke but to have the booth next to you blowing smoke while you're enjoying dinner sometimes can put a damper on things. 
Definitely a laid back environment with awesome specials if you're looking for a bar that's above a dive bar but you can still get a small bar tab because of their great specials.Ǿ
If you are looking to converse with the washups of Baldwin and other surrounding high schools, this is your place to be.  You will also feel/smell like you have not showered in days upon leaving.  They do have a decent beer selection and food, as well as pool tables and darts.Ǿ
I'm a traveler for work an I was very excited when I read all the reviews for this place, good food, pool tables, everything. Then we got to the door and were told they don't take out of state ID's.........ate at a gas station tonight, thanks a lot bar. I cannot recommend this place. It's 2017 c'mon ppl. It felt like an episode of South Park "we don't take too kindly to your kind here"Ǿ
CAUTION!!!!! Do not enter this establishment if you are from out of state not only can you not drink but you can not eat or even sit in booths!!! Awful awful violation of rights.  I did not even care that I could not order a beer but they would not even serve me wings....I had my valid government issued NY state ID, my credit and debit cards with my name on it and two other forms of picture ID!Ǿ
Food is really good. Specials every evening. The only problem is it is really smokey instead. When you leave your clothes smell like smoke. On different specials night there is a very long wait.Ǿ
Won't give out of state people the time of day. Asked for our ID's when we got there and said we don't take out of state ID's. Never had an issue with any other bar around.Ǿ
They do have 2 Hot Bartenders & great beer specials sometimes.   I haven't tried all the food But, I did Not like their chicken strips/tenders, they are super thin & I think that is Why they were really dry, might be over cooked... It would be a lot Nicer place If it was Non-Smoking.Ǿ
Went here for wingnight last night (Monday) and the wings were HUGE...!  We prefer the whole wings as it seems anytime we have ordered the split wings- they are always much smaller than the whole ones.  The whole wings are $.50 and the split ones are $.25.  I would suggest getting their Loose Moose Sauce with is actually straight Sweet Tai Chili sauce but its delicious...!  Or, you can order them like my wife does and het them with a Cajun Dry Rub with Loose Moose Sauce on the side, she prefers to dip hers into it.  This is an awesome destination for wing night...

And yes, as another poster mentioned, they DO allow smoking...  and we're VERY HAPPY that they do...!

But... as another poster mentioned...  If you're on a diet...  Wait...  WHAT???  What diet on earth allows you to eat wings but still guarantees that you lose weight?  If there is one, I'm in HEAVEN!

Over for now...Ǿ
Stopped into the Loose Moose on my way home from visiting my folks after noticing the "1/2 pound burger for a buck" specail on the sign out front. 

The first obvious question I had was, "what kind of burger can they serve for $1.00?" I had to stop and find out. 

The next obvious question was, "What exactly makes this moose loose anyway?" Is it a free roaming moose? A yoga moose?  A financially  irresponsible moose?  A moose of questionable morals? I needed to know.  So I asked.  After a rolling of the eyes, the bartender took my burger order and got me a Fat Heads IPA.

The burger came out in about five minutes and it was just as I ordered it: cheese, onion, tomato, pickle and brown mustard. It wasn't the best burger I ever had but it most certainly was the best $1.00 burger I've ever had.

Looking around there's pool tables, a number of big screen TV's, a jukebox playing, a good crowd and a friendly staff with fast service.  It's clean, they've got a decent selection of craft beers and a full bar.  The Moose, how ever loose it is, is a winner of a neighborhood bar.Ǿ
Updating my review quickly because I recently discovered that this place has the BEST Italian hoagie around. I kid you not. It's AMAZING. The portion of meat you receive is huge, the Italian oil is delicious, the bread always tastes fresh and it's cheap. What is better than that?

Also- to those complaining about the out of state IDs.. this is due to the fact that nowadays you can buy out of state IDs online. They are identical to the real ones and it's very hard for bars to tell if they are fake/real. To save themselves a lawsuit, they simply don't accept out of state IDs. You can't really blame the bar for that.

Anyway.. now I'm thinking about the Italian hoagie and drooling. Get here now to try it.Ǿ
I have been to this place multiple times. The food wasn't very good before but the atmosphere was a good time with cheap beer so I kept coming back. Well tonight we went there and since I'm from out of state they refused to accept my ID. So they lost a customer for life.Ǿ
If you're visiting from out of town, don't bet on it. Never have I seen a bar not accept an out of state id until I came here. So stupidǾ
This is an awesome place for good bar food and drink specials. Unfortunately, the cigarette stench is overwhelming. I hope that the owners wise up and ban smoking, at least in the dining area.Ǿ
So I stumbled upon this joint while visiting from Chicago and the people drinking there couldn't have been nicer.. Great Wings(whole wings), Great Burger, reasonable drink prices and very, very nice bartenderess to boot... definitely worth a stop..wish it was closer to home! See ya next time.. GO BEARS!Ǿ
We stopped in tonight for a beer and a sandwich...which is usually pretty good. We said "hello" to the waitress at 10:30 pm...and her response was "I'm done back here" and walked away. We were told the kitchen was open until 11 when we called before we came.  Awful and unprofessional waitress staff tonight.Ǿ
Not a bad bar for a Steelers game, $2 any drink special the whole game.  Prices are pretty good at their normsl rate too. Darts routinely don't work, but there is alot of pool tables, and touch screens games; plus the bathrooms are clean. Something I'm always happy about at places like this. It does get pretty packed sometimes so parking and seating can be an issue.Ǿ
This place is so small. It's cozy, a foodie place because they make everything authentic. You will wait for your food to arrive because they make everything fresh. Most of the food is fried and they have all the liquor you want! They have special days like Monday $1 burgers, Thursday $2 food and drinks. (Not everything but for the most part) I don't like that you can smoke inside, and service took forever to get their attention. Good place to hang out with friends and relatives that like to be in loud smoky areas.Ǿ
Can't write a review on the food, though I hear its great.  I will never be able to find out. In 2016, this place still allows smoking!!! Not only in the bar, but the dining area!  Geez, how do you get away with that?  A large group was coming this Saturday night Jan 30, to see Johnny Smoothe and the Witch Doctors, but not happening now!Ǿ
Life is too short to miss out on places like this. My only regret is that NOBODY told me about it sooner, so I'll be the guy to continue to spread the good word on awesome places.  I'm like MUNCH, but without a bag on my head and proud to say when places suck or when they are totally awesome, like The Loose Moose!

A few months ago I won some gift certificates to The Moose at a bash.  Since nobody ever told me about this place, I kinda just put it off till whenever.  Yesterday the cat got out the bag and I'm glad it did cause this pussy was sweet!  When you first pull up to this place it is so low key and APPEARS small but then you go inside and it's like you've been transported to dive bar heaven (remember when the kids went into Charlie's chocolate factory and the inside was huge, kinda like that) .  When you first walk in it's like a choose your path game.  Go to the right and seat yourself in a huge closed off eating area with a giant TV and booths and tables and Windows.  Go straight ahead and hang out in the cozy bar area with another giant TV and a beer selection that would please any UNTAPPED app user OR, go to the back where they have 3 large pool tables with someone always looking to give you a challenge.  Choose wisely or choose all three!  Hell, I recommend choosing all 3!    

You might wanna drink, you might wanna play pool but we ALL wanna eat and I must say, this place puts places to shame in both quality, service and price anywhere I've been.

They have specials all day every day of the week.  Monday's ( a day I went) they have either 50 cent whole wings or 25 cent split wings cooked-to-purr-FECTION(get it)!  Seriously whoever is in the kitchen is either excited to cook, paid good to cook or both and if they aren't paid good, they need a raise.  The wings weren't all weird (you know what I mean) they were crispy and juicy and the sauce, OMG, from the Loose Moose Sauce to the Mild and Arizona Ranch, all the flavors taste awesome and aren't greasy at-all!!  

Now if you follow my Yelp you know I like Reubens and this place has an awesome melt in your mouth Reuben.  We also that night got the fried sampler platter with Zucchini, fried mushrooms(yum), cheese sticks and Onion Rings.  I just want to note about the sampler platter, the onion rings actually let you eat them in bites, not the whole onion coming out when you bite it, that's a huge plus to me.  Everything else in the platter was phenom too!

Do you feel my excitement yet?  And ya know what?  I'm not even done praising this place yet cause god damnit people need to know about this place sooner unlike me!

It was so good, we decided that Tuesday was $1 burgers, let's go again!  Dear lord baby Jesus.  If you follow my Yelp you'll know I just had an awful Burgatory experience.  The $1 Burger at the loose moose made my $13 Burgatory burger look like a week old trashy slider.  This Moose burger was HUGE!  And it was only $1!! They don't charge for extra toppings either (eat your heart out Bar Louie). We got 4 burgers, a dozen wings and 2 beers and our total, TOTAL was 18 freakin dollars!!!!  Wednesday's they have 50 cent tacos and pizza slices, Thursday Free baskets of wings with drink orders and Friday, well you're just gonna have to go find out for yourself.

I want to note, the service.  This place is PACKED.  You can tell this is a regulars spot for a lot of people for dinner and I don't blame them.  The girls who work the dining room and even bar really make an effort to keep you satisfied and run around like crazy!  Our waitress Allison worked there for 11 years, so that alone must say something about whoever owns this place.  Allison was working hard and I really appreciated her effort and dedication.  NOTE : and every restaurant take note, I did NOT HAVE TO ASK FOR NAPKINS NOT ONCE!!!!!  Either day I was there!

Look, I could write a book about this place so before I need to create a whole new app just to review The Loose Moose, get your ass there for awesome food, fantastic specials, a hard working staff and all the beer flavors you could ever need.

This is HITT and I fully co-sign The Loose Moose and everything about it.