Shuffle board, large huge TV's, decent draft selection, friendly staff and tasty finger food.笑
My wife and I used to love this place.  We have been going to Sagos for about a year, sometimes as many as 2 - 4 times a week.  Great Happy Hour, great drinks, great employees.  The last few times we've been there the service has gone horribly downhill.  The bartenders/servers now care more about high-fiving and  BSing with the locals than to provide even decent service.  The last 2 times we were there we ordered appitizers and we never received them.  We decided (sadly) that we won't be going here any more.笑
My Review is for the Lounge/Bar Only.

This place is the BOMB! We were looking for a spot to go watch Monday Night Football and a friend suggested Sagos for the all you can eat and drink special. Okay sign me up.

Here's the DEAL: 
$10 for Ladies: All you can eat Nachos, Chicken Wings, and Hot Dogs. All you can drink Smirnoff Vodka drinks.
$25 for Gentlemen: All you can eat Nachos, Chicken Wings, and Hot Dogs. All you can drink draft beer. 
You also get raffle tickets for halftime and game end drawings for t-shirts, hats, key chains, bar glasses, and shot glasses. 

The food is served fresh to you plate by plate throughout the night, NOT a buffet like I would have expected. The nachos come without meat and topped with pico, sour cream, and jalapenos and were pretty tasty! The chicken wings come in mild, medium, hot, teriyaki, and yoni kono. I tried the yoni kono and teriyaki with ranch and they were really good with lots of sauce and good quality chicken. 

The drinks were served in short glasses for the ladies the bartender has a decent pour! The service was excellent. The girls worked together and we never had an empty glass or plate of food. 

The bar has gaming and I wandered over to play some blackjack and started chatting with a gentleman that frequents Sagos and he said they take very good care of locals with comped food and premium drinks for players. Nice to know =) Again my glass continued to be filled with delicious red wine by the polite bartender. 

Oh and I won a cute tequila t-shirt and 2 shot glasses in the raffle! *BONUS*

I think I have found a new Monday Night spot.笑
Why,  oh,  why do you torture me so, Sago's?? U reeled us in with the best nachos ever,  kept us around for the Texas hold em game and good service,  but now you have taken away the chipotle sauce (which is a key ingredient in making the best nachos ever). WHAH!!WHY????? Consistency is the key to good business.  Sad.笑
Nice atmosphere. The happy hour prices can't be beat. If I lived here I would be a regular. $2 drinks and a $5 quesadilla is the perfect ending to a long day.笑
Calamari and steak nachos were tasty but horrible service!! It took them about 45 mins to serve our food. They need more servers or maybe hire servers with brains. The food was almost soggy, so obviously they're just been sitting there instead of serving it right away. The server kept going to the kitchen, but she only grabs the menus and bringing drinks over. They almost brought our food to the wrong table, if it weren't for us to saying that the food was ours then we would probably wait another 45 mins. Oh but it took them 5 seconds to give us our check. I almost walked out for waiting so long.笑
Went here for a late night snack...was told the coconut crab cakes are really delicious.  I tried them and was not impressed...they were over-fried...not delicate like a traditional crab cake.  The steak fries are amazing though!  Typical neighborhood late night bar with a little flare.笑
Had lunch with my brother today.  He had steak and eggs and I had the chicken fajitas with a side of fries.  My brother really enjoyed the steak and I loved the fajitas plus the fries were really good.  Our server was very sweet and nice and never had to wait for service.

The only reason that they did not receive a 5 was the crappy Direc TV they had for college football viewing.  If they could get Cox TV then it is an easy 5 stars.

Other than the TV, great place to eat with great food.笑
We were hungry but not for a meal just for some munchies and then i had remembered that Anthony had mentioned that Sago's had a great happy hour..  I always see this place when i drive down Fort Apache but have never thought to give it a go...

It's really cute inside with a "Baja" theme present on the menu and decor.. It's not that big of a space ...just a bar area and a dining area but the dining area is not closed off... They have lots of TVs and little video games you can play.. 

The happy hour is not listed on the menu so just confirm with the bartender/server before you order but it's $5 on ALL apps and $4 for their limited craft beers. The apps that we tried were yummy and were not small in portion size.. 

The bartender (I forgot her name but she was Japanese possibly Hawaiian... ok maybe Filipina?) was sooooooo sweet! Great service and great Happy Hour~!!!


HOT TIP: She said happy hour runs daily from 3-7pm笑
Aaron is an awesome bartender...best time I've had at any bar since I've moved to this neighborhood!! He's a young old school bartender!!!笑
Nice work girls (and guys), the service behind the bar is truly first rate. I truly can't say enough about the service, everyone is friendly and prompt; they are on their game.
I've had the Tacos, which were really good and the Ceveche (sp.) which was just ok for me, but I'm no authority on it either, so take that into consideration...
Overall the place is clean and inviting, the new machines are a nice touch too...
Check it out and tell me I'm wrong about the service.笑
The 3rd time was just as good as the first 2!

Went there last night with my girlfriend, and as always we were surprised and delighted with our experience.

The food is outstanding, and the wait staff/ bartenders go wayyyyy beyond to ensure their guests are completely satisfied.

Whether for sports, video poker, comraderie or just looking to chill...you cannot go wrong here?

Most def on my list of favorites out here in Summerlin.

And before I forget, the best HAPPY HOUR this side of town! Food and drinks cannot be beat.

See you there, soon



Kevin笑
I stopped in here to sample their menu at lunchtime--mostly because they had a Groupon Now! promo, and also because I've passed this place quite a few times while driving around--and was surprised to find this place.

The place doesn't look that spacious on the outside, but when you walk in, there's a bar area complete with tvs, as well as another room where there are projection screens and even more tables.  The tv setup at the bar has 3 flat screens on one side, and 3 flat screens on the other side.  In the other area with tables and projection screens, there are three flat screens framing each side of one o the projection screens, so that there are 6 tvs framing a single screen.  

After looking around, I ended up sitting in the bar area, since that's where all of the patrons were hanging out.  I debated about sitting at a table, but realized that I'd probably get faster service by sitting at the bar.  It seemed to be a pretty happening place for lunchtime--roughly 12 people and one friendly bartender.  The majority of the patrons were playing on the video poker/blackjack machines, drinking, smoking, or watching tv, while there was only one other person eating something. 

It took me a few minutes to figure out what to get, but I finally decided to go with the fish tacos.  They were three tiny ones, made of cod, with a salsa and other sauce drizzled on top, sitting on a bed of greens and flour tortillas.  Pretty tasty and the sauce wasn't too overpowering and they seemed to put just the right amount on the tacos.  Next time, though, I'm gonna have to get the steak or ceviche...decisions, decisions.  To be honest, for the prices that they offered and the selection/variety (given the type of establishment), I was pretty impressed.

I've yet to find a place that bears any resemblance to Cheers ("where everybody knows your name"), and this place seems to be it.  I think that I was one of two people that the bartender didn't know on a first-name basis.  There are quite a few regulars that come here, and I must say that if I find myself in the area again, I'm definitely willing to try out more of their menu.  

The only reason that I had to deduct a star was due to the service.  I would have given this place 3.5 stars, but unfortunately can't give a 1/2 star, so I rounded up.  Yes, I realize that I didn't walk into a restaurant (it's a bar/pub), but then again I do appreciate good service--not being ignored and attentiveness.笑
Stopped there waiting for dmv appt. Wish had time to just stay, like forever! Loved the place. Amazing food, service and vibe!笑
I am a regular at Sago's. The food is excellent, and the machines are hot!  The 2 giant screens are great for watching any sporting event. I generally go on grave shift to hang out with Aaron. He gives good service, and always ensures everyone is having a good time. They have a great lunch special too, playing $20.00 while logged into a machine=free lunch.笑
Gotta luv any bar that luvs Da Bears. Service was good drinks kept me happy bartenders had enough personality that made me want to stay and drink. The only thing I didn't get was all the game machines there were kinda of oddly placed almost by accident. But good time was had by all will definitely make it part of my dive bar hop.笑
This is an outstanding place. From the menu to the exceptional customer service, you will not be disappointed.笑
I'd be at a 2.5 stars for Sagos, and I've only been for the happy hour. 

This spot is pretty packed for the happy hour which is to be expected. $5 apps, and sliders, with some low cost alcohol usually draws a crowd. I had the famed nachos and they were just nachos, nothing outstanding but not bad either. Tried the meatball sliders and those weren't bad but who doesn't like melted cheese on meat? The place was very smokey (its a bar), so be prepared to deal with that as it was very bad the evening i walked in. The staff i found to be very pleasant, lots of personality, and easy to talk to. I shouldn't have come to a bar thinking anything less than a space with people yelling at the TV over the sporting event and people chain smoking while playing video poker. If that is the atmosphere your comfortable with, then the happy hour is worth a look for you.笑
Great gaming bar,I actually hit with 4 deuces the first night I was there. I haven't eaten there yet but was going through the menu and everything looked good but I was craving Deviled eggs and told the bartender (Jeff I think) he told me he could get it done for me if I wanted, now that's what I would call going above and beyond great service. Awesome Bar. Def will be back. D.W.笑
Came in on a Sunday and enjoyed the pretzel prime rib sandwich. Prime rib so soft with gooey cheese and grilled red onions. Thin fries have a crispy outer coating.

Chicken quesedillas loaded with cheese and comes with fresh pico de gallo. All was mild and enjoyed by friend who detests spicy. There is Tabasco and Cholula sauce to make it good for me. 

A surprisingly elegant restroom with 3 small chandeliers and special hardware. Had to post a pix.笑
I am def not a vegas local, but next time I'm in vegas and down to do the local thing, I will come back here. 

I like the vibe and the layout of this place. It's not too big, and feels welcoming. I really liked the bartender (whose name I did not get) but he's a big teddy bear kind of guy. 

I think the HH deals of $5 on all the appetizers CANNOT be beat. I got the nachos in a heartbeat. It was SO HUGE, I was in utter shock. I don't know if it's the best nachos i've ever had, but it was DEFINITELY worth it. 

The drinks were good. Reasonable pricing for sure.笑
Well to all you folks wondering, I can assure you that the food now has surpassed expectations. Looks like lately they have made a few alterations for the betterment of their menu and the food is presented beautifully, and surely tastes like it was made with quality and care .......and i like that. Happy hour remains one of the best and the vibe is always good. Get your tail over there & tell 'em I sent ya!!!....(err....actually don't do that or you may get a dirty look....jk)笑
Here for happy hour late at night ordered the wings and Hawaiian chicken sliders they were awesome. Great good, great service having a great time with my wife . we will come back again.笑
So far so good!!! It's my second time here if that says anything  The service is fast and friendly  Drinks  are great and the ceviche delicious!!! I'd definitely recommend this place to friends and family笑
Nice local place to go.  Service is great, the ambiance welcoming and comfortable. I was greeted as I walked in by a friendly bartender. I perused their beer list and was asked if I had any questions.  She was very accommodating and courteous.  I inquired about their menu and informed me they have a special. "Taco Tuesday!"  Ordered three and was impressed.  Tacos were VERY tasty and abundant. Only concern, they were brought to me a little cold....  

All in all.  I had a great time!!  I will be coming back.

Tacos are GREAT!!!!!笑
One of my new favorite happy hours!  Happy hour is from 3:00pm - 6:00pm daily and gets you:

$2 Domestics
$4 Crafts
$5 all appetizers

The craft beer list is not very large, but $4 pints are a good deal.  It's nice to see a bar that doesn't exclude certain beers from happy hour specials.  I remember seeing Ballast Point, Dogfish Head, and Tenaya Creek amongst others that I forgot.

The appetizers here are pretty good, enough to make me want to have a full meal here eventually.  The Coconut Crab Cakes are very tasty and come with a mango salsa,  the Fried Mac and Cheese nuggets are delicious and made with gouda cheese, and the nachos are gigantic.  Cheese, beans, choice of meat, salsa, sour cream, pico, jalapenos; this is a meal by itself.

A solid spot for good drinks and good food at a good price.  Two visits in and I'm already a fan.笑
Lots of large tvs and comfy seating in the restaurant area. I love coming here for happy hour and they gave great daily specials on the tacos and the cheesburger. I'd come here more often but I would probably get fat from eating soo much....笑
Excellent service everyone makes it a point to make sure you are taken care of. The owners are always involved day and night. All and all is a well oiled machine. Gambler's bonus is a plus here and they do extra promotions on the side of their normal gamblers bonus here. 

People this is the perfect place to get your "Norm" on (play on cheers t.v. series). All joking aside, great music, atmosphere, food and service. I have lived in Las Vegas going on 12 years and have allegedly visited almost every nook and crany in the Valley. Far East to far West at least. This has to be the best spot I have found and actually enjoy my time off here. 

Congrats to the bar and grill staff for showing such precedence. Just remember to pronounce the place correctly (say goes) and you'll fit right in. I believe it's been named after the wonderful everlasting sago palm also know as a wonderful house plant (cycads). Some people classify it is a cactus. 


Have good times at Sagos Bar and Grill! Enjoy!!

http://www.facebook.com/?ref=home#!/SAGOSBAR

http://www.sagosbar.com/笑
Really tasty meatball sliders with fries ($5 happy hour) & $4 craft beer also at happy hour. Very reasonable food & drink prices and high quality as well! The atmosphere is cozy and the tables in the back where our group was are surfboards. 
On the downside, a few people were waiting for their checks and I don't think we would've got them without asking. I was here for a holiday party (about 20 people) and maybe they needed more servers. I'd say this place has great potential if they could up the service a few notches.笑
We don't make it in as much as we would like but even when we do the bar staff still greets us as though we are regulars. Very attentive and the food is good so far as bar food is concerned.笑
Went to Sagos last night for tacos. Thank god the server who was there last week was not there, she was terrible,  almost didnt come again. Im pretty sure she was on something. The server I had, her name was Sam, the service was phenomenal and is the reason I will return next week. If she isnt working I will not be dining.笑
Had a much better experience this time around. I revoke my 2012 review. We enjoyed our Bartenders, spring rolls, and sliders. The vibe was positive, even with an Eagle fan in a Bear Cave!笑
Came by Sagos for a quick drink on our way home from a concert. It was about 1am on Sunday night (Monday morning) so expected it was comfortably busy. The bartender was incredibly enthusiastic and greeted every guest like they were old friends when they came in. Many of them he knew their names. It was immaculate and although we didn't eat, something coming out of the kitchen smelled amazing!! We will definitely go back when we have more time for snacks!!笑
Basing my review just off football viewing parties they do. Glad that there is a bears bar so close to my house. They do a pretty good set up for the games in the dining room area with screens all over. Lots of giveaways of bears merchandise during the game. Also raffle some good looking jerseys and expensive gifts at the end of games. Typical bar style food with some things on special for the games which is nice. Started having Chicago dogs which is a good idea if your a Bears bar. So if your a Chicago Bears fan and looking for a good bar to watch the game and talk with some good Chicago people this is the place. Waitresses are on top of things in the dining room even with a packed bar of Chicago people eating and drinking笑
I've been to a couple bars and this by far is the best! Excellent prices during happy hour. Jeff was great. He was cool,outgoing, and just flat out great customer service. I would definitely recommend coming here especially when Jeff is working.笑
My boyfriend and I were looking for something away from our side of town. We kept driving until something caught our eye; which ended up being Sagos. The first thing I noticed as I walked in was the poor air ventilation system. Guests cigarette smoke just hung like a cloud, never really dispersing. We put some money in the machines, and quickly realized how strangely the games were setup. The only game on .25c for keno was multicard. Classic keno, cleo, and 4 card were only available on .50c. And let me tell you...the TIGHTEST machines I've ever played. The bathroom was nice, the bartenders were friendly, and the food seemed to come out pretty quickly (didn't order any food myself). But those machines..they really killed the vibe of our whole "other side of town" experience, hence the 3 stars.笑
Sagos is a great place especially during football season.  They have two projector screens that are 200+ in size and if you don't want want to watch that specific game they have multiple LCD screen and little radios so you can hear the other games... And all the female bartenders are hot!!  :)笑
3rd time being here and it's again awesome! Good atmosphere, great food, even better pricing. This is my #1 go to local spot. The happy hour is better than any that I have experienced. The service again is awesomely inviting, great place if your looking for the best bang for your buck and a good time. Sagos is the best local spot I been too yet! Highly recommended!  I'm always down to come here so let me know!笑
The management and waitstaff here have really impressed me. I don't say that very often but right now I'm impressed. Very few places in Vegas ever truly treat their customers like royalty like Sago's (pronounced SAY-goes). These are people who really care about us and treat you like family. They're good people. 

This is a great place to watch sports. They have this ENORMOUS 170" HD TV and plenty of room in the dining area for a very, very large party. I should know, I have brought my Bears group here on many Sundays and we packed the place. I would call this place an "unofficial Bears bar" because after another Chicago themed establishment down the street went out of business last fall, a lot of Bears fans have been going here. 

The decor is not sports-themed, however. It doesn't need to be, either. (well I wouldn't mind seeing a Bears banner on the wall one day... just sayin'). It has a very cool tropical tiki bar theme, with palm trees and tiki huts. The service has improved a lot in the last 6 months. Their server Nikki is always a real pleasant, professional and fast waitress, my group really likes her. They just hired a new girl Gia and she is excellent as well. 

During football season I bring in a big group (20-30 people). The owner Jason always makes sure they reserve plenty of tables for my group & that we are accommodated. They even give me a microphone for calling out the raffle numbers mwaaa haaa haaaaaaa!! I have a microphone and you don't!!! ;)  

We had a little Super Bowl XX (that's right, 1986) viewing party yesterday and they not only put the game on the big screen, they even played the Super Bowl Shuffle video a couple times for us. These guys really went out of their way to make this a fun day for us and that is a reason for me to continue coming here. 

Did I mention the free touchdown shots every time the Bears score?? Awesome. 

I haven't even started talking about the food yet! Fellow Yelper Shana W. has it spot-on with regards to the nachos. I am the nacho queen, and am very serious about my nachos. Their nachos are out of this world. Fresh and very HOT jalapenos, shredded and nacho cheese sauce, black beans, pico de gallo and that chipotle cream sauce!! HOLY COW I want to go back and get some now. Whoever invented this creation is a nacho genius, don't change one thing with the nachos please!! 

I ordered fries with nacho sauce yesterday and it was very yummy. I inhaled it in 5 minutes. Fish tacos are good as well. I've tried other appetizers on the menu but those items are my fav. The only thing I wish they had was Chicago style pizza. Some of my friends also commented they wished they made Chicago style hot dogs here. 

They also throw a heck of a New Years Eve party - $50 guys, $20 ladies gets you open bar for 4 hours, free limo rides home and all. 

Be sure to give this place a try - the outside doesn't look like anything but a gaming bar, but it is much better than you might think. And they're just super nice people. I like supporting a local business when they treat you so well. DAAA BEARS笑
Once again I find a bar that violates the health code buy dunking the faucet into the beer! I watched time and time again as Rachael D. bartender did this. By dunking the faucet into the beer you are creating a sticky beer covered faucet that is a prime breeding ground for bacteria.   As a bartender, figure out other ways to minimize foaming.  As a customer, be aware of bartenders dunking faucets into pints and decide if you might want to order a bottle instead. Why have a great selection of draft beers but not know ho to pour them? If they break this simple rule up front I would hate to see what happens in the back with the food.笑
ok, so I've spent a little more time here with the help of the owner, Jason... who is very helpful AND very responsive to social media.  I'm starting to have better luck with the gambling, having hit 4 fours and 4 threes the other day and of course, the service is always friendly.  Now I'm discovering their tasty food specials... probably the best hidden secret in the SW.  I had prime rib this time...笑
Food is absolutely to die for here! I love love love the street tacos. the egg rolls are simply sublime. The Guida Mac and cheese Bites were ok, maybe it's because I'm not a fan of Guida, I'm not sure. I would eat them if someone offered some of theirs but it's not something I would order. My friend loved them so I assume it's just not my taste in cheese. The staff is very friendly. I sometimes play , however machines have not paid.笑
Great atmosphere, everyone who works here is fabulous! I work around the area and have never been disappointed. They're great here and I will always be a loyal customer.笑
We went back in last night after corresponding a bit with the owner, Jason.  He graciously comped us two entrees so we could see that the staff had been talked with about our experience.  We were very happy that Nicole waited on us.  Have always had good service from her in the past but last night she was better than ever!  And this was without me pulling out the e-mail comping the two entrees until it was time to settle the check.  Normally their dinner special isn't ready till about 6 pm (esp on Monday's when it's prime rib!) but after seeing my reaction she took it upon herself to see if it was ready...now that's a good waitress!  There's only one thing I'd change...some fresh horseradish would've made the meal a 10!  Food was great, service was great and we will definitely be back!笑
I have sought out a good time countless times with Sagos many times over the years. It is a great place to hang out and throw a few back. They have a decent happy hour with appetizers and sliders for 5.00. The food started off awesome and then took a down turn. That kitchen crew has since been replaced and the food is back on par. I love the spicy pickles and the mac  and cheese bites. The drinks prices are decent but best during happy hour. The staff remembers your name and your drink. The owner will also show up and just sit and chat with you.  The bathrooms are always clean which o can appreciate. There is always a good time to be had at Sagos. You have to check it out at least once.笑
Been here over the years for fantasy football drafts. Nice atmosphere and they're very accommodating. All the food was extremely tasty and all the folks who had something to drink were pleased with their cocktails笑
Came by here last night and it was pretty cool. The place had a small crowd. Music was playing and TV's were on. We had margaritas' and fish taco's. Both were good. The salsa on the taco was a touch too much for me. Next time I'd get on the side. Actually, next time I'll try the nacho's. They are supposed to be good too. The bartenders were really nice and attentive. Waitress was also very attentive and nice. It was weird though, that if you sit at the bar and order food, you get 2 separate checks. I'll check it out again I'm sure.笑
Went here for my 21st birthday and boy was I pleased !!! 
The bartender Jeff was absolutely amazing & made me all these different drinks that were exactly what I mentioned to him of what I like. My sister and my brother highly recommended me to go here for my first drink and I'm so happy I did. The food there was delicious!
We specifically called ahead of time to make sure Jeff was working and the second we heard he was, we were on our way! Defiantly coming back.笑
Sagos Baja Tavern & Lounge is more than your average gaming bar. Yes the machines hit like crazy but there is so much more to Sagos  than leaving there feeling lucky with a whole bunch of extra cash. 

I really enjoy the food and great happy hour price. $5 appetizers and $2 drinks. Wow you just can't beat that. Hence why my picture is so blurry, I had quite the buzz. and I really appreciate that this place does not judge my day drinking. Actually the staff here is extremely friendly and outgoing. Hi Gia as soon as I walk through the door from bartenders and bar patrons. I love that. This really is the place where everybody knows your name.

In my opinion Sagos is the best neighborhood bar to Eat, Drink, Gamble and watch football. Did I mention this place has more TVs than I have boy friends? And I have a lot. Just kidding

Anyways if you have not yet been to Sagos Baja Tavern & Lounge  I strongly suggest you do.  THIS PLACE ROCKS!!!笑
I drove by this place a hundred times without noticing. After searching the area for something new, I read good reviews so I checked it out. It looks like they have some great specials gameday and I was told this was a Chi Bears bar so I'll definitely be back on Sundays. 

I ordered the BBQ chic sliders and they were great笑
Great bar, tasty American food, killer TVs., great ambiance, nice servers , great prices what else can I say. Highly recommend.笑
HUGE TV's

Great for watching sports. And I must say the FOOD is exceptional especially for bar food. I can't stay away from the grilled fish tacos.

If you gamble the comp your drinks and if you gamble enough they'll comp your food.

Definitely a locals place, definitely a neighborhood bar, and def beach clothes casual.

I also think they are open all night or damn near close to it.笑
Not really sure what's worse, the staff, clientele or overall atmosphere. This place is shithole.笑
Melissa is great! The service is outstanding she made great recommendations for beer and food. Very friendly I will definitely come back! Good atmosphere for a simple local bar. Thanks Melissa!笑
Cheap drinks and food. Just a good place for drinks and good food. Good sports bar笑
Bar far the cheapest happy hour in all my years of hunting. If I was hanging out with my homeboys instead of my best girlfriend, I would have needed a cab home. The waitress was super nice, she checked on us on a good schedule and the $5 sliders were perfect to soak up the cheap Smirnoff. You can tell the owners haven't decorated recently and aren't concerned with decor. It's OK, the specials and the staff will have me back again for sure!笑
Location: easy access off the highway 215, a short way down Ft. Apache, plenty of lit up parking, big sign. Inside: door is blacked out but once open you still smell fresh air walking in on most nights, a bar you can smoke so be open minded, light music, mix of easy listening, decorations with a beach island look: the classic palm tree with a signature island Toucan. Bar set up: large and spaced out with tables surrounding and a separate booth/restaurant area meaning plenty of space for everyone to relax. Food: great chefs, great service equals quality and consistency, always was each time I come here. Drinks: basic but anything on your mind can be made, and the beers on draught are always shifting so always a great surprise. Crowd: mixed with locals and those who wander in, convos are easy to come by. Prices: right where they should be, $20 or less with food and drink on happy hour, $30 or less at normal hours. Consensus: 5 stars for this bar/restaurant, Sagos is forever the go to for the late night laid back happy hour笑
At full price I don't think I'd eat here - but I had a Groupon. During happy hour, appetizers are half off - and that helps too. This restaurant isn't acutely bad, it just misses the mark.

Ordered the strangest nachos I've ever had, topped with shredded cheese, Cheez Whiz and this strange chipotle sauce (maybe a sour cream base?) that rendered most of the chips a sloppy, soggy mess.

Also ordered a grilled chicken Caesar. That was disappointing - the chicken breast was bland and the dressing was almost nonexistent.笑
Really good happy hour deals.  The wings are awesome.   It's a nice atmosphere with friendly staff and a whole lot of TVs.   I would definitely recommend it.笑
Nice little pub. The service was excellent and the food was good,  I had the crab cakes and they were citrusy with good flavor. The drinks were spot on.笑
Why I go to Sagos The staff is great they always make you feel welcome The bar is set up great to watch sports & they the best drink & food specials in town also they have great gaming promos笑
So we went back and like we say on our show "always give a place a second chance". 
Before we reviewed this joint on episode 71 we had to go back and wow we had a waaaaay better experience than our first visit. As with many places, you go on an off day and you have an off time. Our full review is up and I have to ad a star.

The girls are still smoking hot but this time they were on their game. We recommend the nachos. Oh and they have Wi-Fi, we'd go again whenever we are in the area.笑
Very good. Strongly, strongly recommend the breakfast burrito. Very strongly. And if you like it spicy, add the hot sauce!笑
Kind of cheesy decor inside, but the friendly staff and drink specials more than make up for it. We came here to watch a Chicago Bears game and were pumped to see Bears fans everywhere. The game was placed on big projection screen along with a tv on each side of the main bar where we sat. If you are looking for a place to watch the game off the strip, this is the place!笑
This is a composite review from the first four or so visits, and deciding on a 4 or 5 star final rating was slightly hard, as this is a firm "4.5".  We first tried this place due to a Groupon deal and returned due to a good first (and later) experience(s).

The pluses:  Good food    Cheap happy hour drink specials.   Cute, friendly waitresses  Ginormous big screen TVs in the east room   Good food specials.  Decent slot player incentive program.  

The minuses:  Gamblers and regulars get the lions share of the staff's attention (minor gripe)

If we are heading to the strip for an early evening show or something, we usually stop in at Sagos for some happy hour appetizers and and a couple happy hour drinks.  Service is good and the price cannot be beat.  

Just got an invite to their NYE masquerade party.  $50/men & $20/women for open bar/food/free limo ride home.  I am getting a little old for that, but I am tempted..笑
I wasn't all that impressed with this place.. They didn't have certain basic items like ginger ale or red bull sugar free which I always thought was pretty standard item. I had to have the bar tender remake my drink as it was too strong (and trust me, I like my drinks strong). The food was plain and small portions given the price. No fun games or pool. Just a few slot machines. Tiny spot.笑
Let me start by saying that I have passed by this place a thousand times as it is in my neighborhood and decided to stop in last Friday. The food took a bit longer than expected but very good! The wait staff is very short staffed but she tried her best under the circumstances. Also note, on this same occasion another 1st times came and sat down and it was 23 minutes later before she was acknowledged only after she borrowed our menu and called a manager over:( We tried it again tonight at 6:03pm. This time there were were 2 waitresses and we got our drinks pretty quick but we ended up walking out of the restaurant at 7:05 with nothing to eat!! The waitresses would stop by ask if we were okay and promise that our food was coming but to no avail nothing. Extremely disappointing because the food is really good. Needless to say we ended up at Lucky"s on Jones to grab a bite to eat since we basically missed the happy hour around town sitting in this place.  I am hesitant to even give it 1 star. The Mgmt really needs to improve on this and make some serious changes before this is yet another closed down bar.笑
This bar smells horrible ; it's like a mix of old cigarettes and gross gym. Looks cool from outside tho. A lotta old people inside.
 Shrug笑
my husband and I just moved to the area and were looking for somewhere new to try when we saw this place., so we decided to stop in. When we first got there the decor was great it looked  super cute on the inside. We stood at the door for a minute wondering if there was a hostess and then we finally decided to just take a seat. We sat in the booth which was super cute, and waited for someone to come and greet us. We sat there for a while waiting for someone to come over when the owner finally came over and asked what she can get us. we ordered some drinks and she sent the bartender over. The bartender came back with menus and our drinks really fast. The menu looks really good. All the food looked really good by the description. I ordered a burrito and my husband ordered a burger, although the bartender didn't know if the burrito came with a side and had to look at the menu to find out. The food came out and we were excited to eat. The burger wasn't bad but the burrito was horrible. The rice seemed like it came from a box and there was no chicken in the burrito, like I had ordered. I was very disappointed. When the bartender came and brought us our check she introduced herself and shook her hand. I would never go back to this place for food. The only way I would go back is if we decided to sit at the bar and have some drinks and gamble. This place is super cute and has great potential but for how bad the economy is  you would think they would try harder to keep customers coming back. The owner was very nice and even bought us our first round of drinks which was very nice of her. I was just not impressed with the food at all and the service could have been better!笑
I went to this place last night very good and warm welcoming the bartender was great and he was on point on very the music is great and if you are looking for something on the west and off the strip and open late come here I will be going back笑
found this place on restaurant.com and have been there five times in the past 3 months.  

stopped in three times for their MNF special, sitting in the restaurant side.  Stacia broke it down well.  $10 for girls is a STEAL!!!  $25 for guys is also a really good deal.  i really like the hotiyaki (sp?) wings.  the servers never let our drinks get empty and made sure we had food when we wanted it.  very friendly and attentive.  and i always won something in the raffle!  ok, they have quite a few items and not a million people with tickets, so my odds were good. :)

the other times we just was at the bar and ordered food.  the nachos were a hit.  service again was great and very friendly.

i wish i lived within staggering distance of Sagos! good food with great prices,  atmosphere and service!笑
I've drove past this place so many times, but just never came in. Finally a group of friends and I met here for their weekday happy hour. It has the typical bar vibe, but with some fun beach decorations. 

During happy hour all appetizers except wings are $5 and there's even $1.50 tacos on Tuesdays. Oh and can't forget the drinks, $2 domestics and premium wells and half off wine. 

The perfect go to spot for an after work drink with friends. Their nachos and Mac n cheese bites were great too!笑
It was OK. NO ONE UNDER 21 ALLOWED!! The fish tacos were delicious!!! I had the jalapeno burger not so good. The waitress was very attentive, good atmosphere. It would be great around football season. HUGE FLAT SCREENS IN THE DINING ROOM!!笑
have been here a number of times, sorry haven't put up a review til now

stopped off there last week around 5pm, place was pretty crowded

Our bartender was Rachel, lovely gal, nice and friendly
had a few shots with her.....man I am getting too old to be having shots of all these flavored alcohols!.....think we had root beer vodka, a mountain dew flavored one, a fruit loops flavored one, and some Sambuca too
flad they had some nice boring coors light for me to wash all that down with!

this is a pretty nice, clean bar to visit
nice friendly staff and customers, good ambiance and vibe

a little out of the way for me, but will definitely make a few return visits

haven't really had any food there, so cant comment on that
maybe next visit or two笑
First time visiting tonight. Went with a friend to unwind after work. I was quite impressed! They had a special for $5 appetizers and sliders. Got the calamari and hawaiian chicken sliders which came with fries. It was outstanding!! Very very impressed. The waitress was attentive and knowledgeable. I'd definitely recommend Sagos to anyone looking for a nice place to unwind and have some really great bar food at a reasonable price. Large portions, I couldn't finish the calamari! Will definitely be back! Amazing little place!!笑
Best happy hour I've ever been to. Great service great drinks the bartenders are the best ....food is great as well. Go to sagos笑
"Hey! Hey! Hey!
"I don't like walking around this old and empty house
"So hold my hand, I'll walk with you, my dear"

-----------------------------------------­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­-------------------

Quick Review™
+ Superior to food offered at 99% of neighbourhood pubs* (*British for bars)

+ Great location along CR-215, if you're a Las Vegan. No one else need apply.

-  Deserted: I really don't know how they stay in business. 

-----------------------------------------­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­-------------------

I won't be the first -- nor the last -- to come in here while it is relatively deserted. The staff is polite, kind, and personable. The food is figuratively solid (literally too) and the drinks, you will have to ascertain their value yourself since I don't drink and drive.  

Pro Tip: Get a burger, tacos, or whatever; but, don't drink and drive. 

Zero Fatalities™ is the objective, folks. Only you can prevent desert fires. 

I digress.

Tacos, good. Burgers, good. Service, very good. Overall: good.

-----------------------------------------­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­-------------------

Rating: Three-stars, "A-OK." (Don't drink and drive.)笑
A new benchmark has been set for pubs in Las Vegas. 

In my initial review, I praised the amazing service and exceptionally friendly atmosphere of this hidden little gem on the western edge of town, but I also mentioned that the food was nothing to get excited about.

Well that has all changed with Sagos new menu. I have two words - GREAT JOB!

Moving the menu closer to the restaurants Baja theme, management has introduced a completely new menu filled with some great selections like fish and shrimp tacos, homemade pizza, a delicious chicken avocado sandwich, a new twist on the BLT with a tomato jelly that rocks and much more.

If you go, and you will, you have to try the Ceviche - cradled in what looked like a sea-shell shaped crisp flour tortilla, the taste is fabulous and the serving size to price ratio will fill you up but still make you want to order another.

Way to go Sagos, you guys have hit all the marks now - great food, great service, great atmosphere. I'll be there - soon.笑
never have used yelp before today but thought this would be a great time to start. went to sagos last night to see how the service was cause i am trying to book a place for a small party. let me start with walking in the door, no hello! welcome to sagos, just ignored so took our seat at a table in the dining area. it only took about 9 mins for the server to appear and take drink order then another 7 mins to bring drinks back to table. i dont know what her name was because she never offered it the whole time i was there, she seemed more concerened with going out the back door and into the bathroom than her table. the food was typical bar food,the only difference was it was cold due to lack of poor service. i would not recommend sagos to anyone who has not tried it before, and to anyone who is a regular i honestly feel sorry for you. you can a much better experience for your money by going to other bars in area such as the bar, off the strip,even pts. i would have to say after my first visit there, i will definitly never return even if my meal and drinks were comped, due to lack of poor service and not a friendly atmosphere. i discourage anyone from wasting there money in this terrible establishment. thank you!笑
Pretzel dough prime rib sandwich.  OMG!   This place has fresh ceviche great apps and super friendly staff.   You can tell this is an independent operation by the attention to detail throughout the tavern.  Great place!笑
Best Mexican in Vegas? Well it's pretty darn good for a bar and the chairs and service in the dining room area were way above expectation.  

Wings were good, but steet tacos were really great with all fresh ingredients.  The jumbo pretzel was a show stopper and served in a cool way hanging from a metal hook.

Good stuff...I'll be back mucho笑
Good food & great bartenders!! Aliesha is my fav! She's the most fun!! =)
Friday ladies nite, ladies drink 4 FREE!! Plus more great promos!笑
Off the charts for the tacos on Tuesday for $1.50. $5 apps on happy hour.... AMAZING worth checking out. From California and will be back next time in Vegas笑
Good Wifi and a very good beer selection. Food's pretty good and Happy Hour is daily 3-7 p and includes food and drink笑
This is 3.5 for me.  Things got off to a great start.  Love the way the bar is decorated because I felt like I was on an episode of Gilligan's Island.  The booths are covered in little tiki huts and very comfy -- a must if you plan on staying for the length of a game.  The service was fast and friendly.  Then the smoke set in.  Get mad all you want smokers, but I firmly believe you should be forced to smoke outside or shamed into quitting.  I don't care what you do to yourself, but I have never smoked.  That is MY right and I will not be made to marinate in a smoky haze while trying to enjoy a beer and some nachos.  I already have to endure a smoke-filled office during the day (thanks boss), and I refuse to deal with the same on my off time.  

Now that I am off my soap box, if not for the smoke, I would be a constant here.  The food was better than average for bar food, happy hour prices are very cheap, the girls who work here are very pretty and most guys dig that.  The food standouts were the crazy big nachos (although next time I would get the cheese sauce on the side because it was overwhelming) and the chicken tenders.  I think single guys would enjoy this place for the eye candy and single girls would enjoy this place for the dating opportunities.  Tons of big screens so you won't need to worry about missing the game.  Sadly, I will probably stay with BWW since it is smoke-free, but if you do not have the same concerns, I highy recommend this place.笑
Sagos....ohh sagos. I hate that I love you so...

I used to come here for basically one reason-the nachos. It has a spicy chipotle sauce drizzled over top of layered black beans, cheese and cheese sauces, pico de gallo, jalapeños, and a great carne asada option. 
Now I live kind of far from sagos but still make the trip to visit as often as I can. 
The service is generally spectacular here, and they have a good selection of drinks at very reasonable prices. Good venue for watching sports, and the happy hours here are awesome as well.
Ps....I am a big fan of the texas hold em game available there as well. Management is responsive to customer concerns, and for this I am grateful as well.笑
Sagos is my all time favorite! I am officially a lifer. Heather and The Rachel set are my heros!  People you could only wish you had as a part of your life!! They will always make you smile! Love you guys!笑
Best bar with the best happy hour. Happy hour is 4-7, $5 (I think) appetizers and sliders.  Their appetizers consist of chicken fingers and fries, wings and fries, fresh baked pretzels, chips and salsa(bomb.Com), Mac and cheese bites, and so many other yummy appetizers. Beers are also pretty cheep!!! It's fun to play shuffle board and hangout. 
We drive all the way from the north west just to come here.笑
We don't really drink, and bars are not our normal dining out picks - so us going here was a bit out of our norm.
I wanted fish tacos and the reviews on here drew me in. We braved the potential noise and smoke so I could have fish tacos  (my boyfriend is the best!)

We sat in the dining room (all alone) and the waitress/bartender seemed confused as why we didn't want to sit in the bar area and a little put out, but we didn't dwell on it.

Well...in addition to the fish tacos (the menu said it came with only 2) we decided to get Carne Asada Nachos.

I barely remember the tacos.

The nachos stole the show. Wiped everything else about the place out of my memory.

Carne Asada, a spicy chipotle sauce, regular shredded cheese AND a nacho type cheese sauce.  All on one plate.  There were beans on the bottom, and some chips to work as cheese vessels into my mouth. I am normally not huge on verbal praise when eating out, as I am pretty shy.  The guy who brought out our food, was clearly the cook, so I was gushing over my nachos to him when he came to take the plate back.


Since I went for fish tacos, I should review them too  ;)

I was unaware they weren't fried fish tacos, which is what I prefer and really only order.
They were good, but I missed the crunch of fried.  There was also a lot of cilantro and onions, and even with scraping it off, I couldn't get the cilantro taste off.

-  
On another note, they don't have lemonade.  Which I find sad  :(

----

On another another note....
We went back a week later, because I was still unable to get carne asada nachos out of my head.  They were still delicious, but had been made by someone else, somehow they were not nearly as good.  i would get them a 4/5 on my second visit.  But the first visit, the nachos were a 10/5, so they are still great.   No idea who the master nacho maker is, but you want him to make them!笑
Nice bar.  The food was good, the drinks were reasonable, the interior is nice and well lit.  It is a great place for football, multiple TVs.  The staff was very nice and changed one of the TVs to the UFC event on Fox Sports One that my friend and I wanted to watch.  If I lived nearby, there is only one thing that would keep me from going on a regular basis and that is cigarette smell.  I realize that is a difference between California and Nevada so not really a relevant criteria in comparison to other local bars.笑
This is such a quaint and simple place. It's a bar my boyfriend and his friends go to a lot, and I decided to tag along tonight.

The service? I have to rate as a 5/5--the waitresses here are super nice, attentive and thoughtful. They're also super speedy; one thing I noticed with bars and gastropubs with table service, they take FOREVER with their drinks, but Sago's is punctual. I ordered a Lemon Drop Martini and an extra spicy Bloody Mary, and both did not disappoint (perfect ratio.) As an appetizer, the table got the steak nachos. I don't know if I was just starving or they were really delicious nachos LOL, but either way, I was satisfied.

It's pretty loud here, with crazy sports fans and incredibly booming television sets, so keeping up a conversation with the table is pretty hard, but tolerable. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ 

Good note to keep in mind though: HAPPY HOUR, DAILY 3PM-7PM AND Midnight-3AM. $5 appetizers and sliders/$2 well drinks and domestic drafts/$4 craft/ half off wine.

Sago's certainly keeps its persona as an old Vegas bar and it's an establishment worth visiting.笑
Pretty relaxed place. My husband and I went here early last night. Very nice atmosphere, reasonable drink prices, and a $5 appetizer happy hour that's to die for. I highly recommend the wings with skinny fries. We will definitely be returning.笑
Been awhile since I've written a review and since that last review, have to say this is now one of my favorite "locals" places in town and it's time to give them some  well deserved love on Yelp. Loved the service the first time I walked in and keep going back on my home from the office.

Rachel & Rachel, Heather, Muoy, Austin and Aaron are all great bartenders and Gia is a great server...  Super nice and genuinely great people that will put a big smile on your face with their upbeat personalities. 

There are plenty of very cool regulars that go here consistently which should tell you a lot right there about the place. There is a reason why this place was named Best Locals bar by Seven Magazine last year.

This is truly a locals bar owned by a local and it's not uncommon to see Jason (the owner) there and is a super nice guy. As their motto goes, "We take care of our players like Old Vegas used to". For some of us that have been in Vegas since the 1990's... we certainly know what this means before everything got so corporate and neighborhood bars started nickel and diming everybody.

I'm not a big gambler and rarely play but they certainly take care of me and it's NOT one of those places that if you stick $20 bucks in, hit something and play it all back, you'll only get comped one drink. (Places like that annoy me.)

Happy Hour is 3 to 7 with $2 Domestic Draft pints and $5 Maker Marks. (Not entirely sure what other drink prices are.) Appetizers are $5 and WELL worth $5. $2 Coors Light Pints during Football games and it's a GREAT place to watch Games with big TV's right at the bar or a couple of huge ones in the back dining area. (If you love The Bears -- this is certainly a great place to go for Bears games.)

Even when it's not Happy Hour, I highly suggest the Street Tacos and as others have mentioned, the Nachos are divine.

$ for $, one of the best places in town that I've been to and I've been to a lot of places. Your mileage might vary but I can guarantee you if you are cool to the staff, you will certainly be taken care of.笑
Amazing. Service is excellent, staff is very friendly and attentive. Homemade chili better than mine. Best sports bar, every game you could want. A must stop.笑
It's our first visit to Sagos and the first thing we see is a bunch of goofballs dressed up like it's Halloween - a "Wig Party," we were told. We came to eat, but they took over the whole dining room, so it was the bar for us.  I didn't mind, except that there were only a few [high] tables and the chairs weren't high enough for short little me.

I'd glanced at the Yelp reviews before we left for the restaurant, and couldn't wait to see the "gorgeous bartenders," as visions of Chippendale's danced in my brain.  Unfortunately, I didn't notice that the reviews were written by men, and the "gorgeous bartenders were women!!  Oh, well.  For the record, they were indeed gorgeous, just not my type.

The menu's kind of limited - lots of appetizers, a few burgers and sandwiches, and only a few main courses.  Hubby ordered Skewered Chicken with Pineapple, and I had Shrimp Fajitas.  He was looking for his pineapple all through the meal, and waited until he was nearly done to ask about it.  Turns out it was a pineapple sauce, not the chunks he was expecting, but there wasn't much sauce.  He liked it anyway, but he's never met a chicken he didn't like; the man practically clucks.

My fajitas were terrific - I didn't count the shrimp, but there were a lot, together with mounds of onions and red pepper.  I was glad there was no green pepper, since I'm not a big lover of the green kind.  There were two things missing, and one was a big plus:  it was the rare meal that wasn't oversalted.  Big thumbs up for that!  The missing ingredient was some guacamole, and the dish definitely cried out for some of that.  

Despite the craziness of the partygoers in the dining room, who made their way over to the bar way too often, and the crowds of people assembled at the bar by the time we were ready to leave, the service was excellent.  The waitress apologized for being slow due to the unexpected crowd, but we thought she was just fine.  And my husband sure didn't mind having to stay longer and surreptitiously gawk at her (I didn't really blame him!).

We definitely enjoyed Sagos, and we'll be back.  And the party:  it was a Meet-Up.笑
I love Sago's. Brit is our favorite server. She's very sweet and attentive. It's because of her I give 5 stars. When she isn't there we do not get the same type of service. 
The food is very good. We always have the nachos and the portion is huge more than enough for 2 people. 
During happy hour it's $2 beers and 1/2 price menu....笑
I was first introduced to here from our Flag Football League.  Been here a few times since.  Great place.  Service from Amber, Heather and Aleisha are always top notch.  We have been back a few times.  Food is great as well.笑
Great drinks, laid back environment, friendly staff and the food was better than I expected. We will be back!笑
Good place for food drink and friends.  The Saturday chimichanga special is the bomb. Also Muoy, Rachael, and staff make the hanging with friends experience fun.  Prices are reasonable and not to smokey笑
Went back again after receiving a message from the so-called owner; saying he doesn't know this happened but yet again same old sh@# just a different day. The food was under cook and can u believe some chick jumped in on the bartenders shift claiming all the tips haven't seem her in two hours but took the money in front of me? Wtf... Who's this??? I'm gaming spent 200! And drank four drinks and only got comped 2?? Wtf tired of giving second chances! Never again笑
I've been meaning to write this review from the moment I walked in that bar a few years ago...I was new to the south west area of town and generally I don't go into a bar unless I know someone that works there...I heard a thing or two about "Sago's" (it's said "SAY-GOES", for the record) from a few coworkers and figured I'd check the place out. 

I pulled into the very easily accessible parking lot, walked inside and grabbed a seat. I had never been there before so I wasn't quite sure what to expect. 

I walked in, grabbed a seat in the middle of the bar, and within a minute of me sitting down, one of the bartenders came over and greeted me right away, she introduced herself as Heather, and took my drink order. I put a $20 into the machine, and she then began telling me about all their wonderful gaming promotions they had going on. Generally, in Vegas, I've found that if you walk into a bar for the first time and aren't a regular, or aren't with a regular, you get the cold shoulder. That was not the case at all with Sagos. 

I was about halfway done with my first cocktail, and Heather asked if I wanted another one, then presented me with a food menu if I was hungry. I'll get into the menu and great food in a bit. The bar was pretty steady, and they had two bartenders on. I personally loved that because it seemed as though everyone was taken care of. As I was looking over the menu, the male bartender, came over, introduced himself as Aaron, and asked to take my food order. 

I wasn't sure what I wanted to eat...there is so much on the menu, wings, fingers, fries, quesadilla's, nachos, salads...tacos, burgers...pasta...sandwiches, wraps...so much to choose from...Aaron threw out a couple of suggestions, then I finally decided to order the "Western Bacon Chipotle Cheese Burger" He let me know the food is made to order, so it'd be about a 10-12 minute wait. He refilled my drink and wished me a little luck on my 4 card keno....before I knew it, the food was out and I was eating the best burger ever. Seriously...it's my absolute favorite. 

The burger was amazing...thick burger, with cheese, topped with a giant onion ring and Chipotle BBQ sauce.... 

Both Aaron and Heather came around a few times to refill my drink, make sure I was doing ok with the food and everything else. Things couldn't have been better....after a bit, it was time for me to venture home. 

Aaron and Heather did an excellent job of making me feel at home and just like a regular. Needless to say, I made Sago's the only bar I ever set foot into for the entire time I lived in the south west. I've since moved to Henderson, and seldom stop into Sago's, however when I do show up there, the service is as great as it was the first time I stopped in there. 

If you're looking for a place to go in the south west area of town, Sago's is definitely the spot.笑
I found this place through Groupon now deal. I am not a real fan of Smoking bars and lounge. But the food rating are beyond satisfaction. They have the best bar food period in this area and really like their Grill Chicken Sandwich with all the avocado on it. The place is super clean and staff is very nice. i really want to give the Four stars bcos of nasty smoke smell inside,.. Hey you have to take wherever the casino is running. SO i will give them 5 starts....笑
I love their happy hour, it's from 3 to 7 pm. $2 well drinks and beers and $5 appetizers which is almost all of their appetizers and Sliders too. The servers have always been really nice. I've been there for Happy Hour 3 times now and I highly recommend it.笑
My boyfriend and I LOVE this place!!!!! The very moment you walk in to the place, you are enthusiastically welcomed to Sago's by the cheerful bartenders!! 
And then there is the happy hour!!!!  The sliders are definitely the best in town, juicy and cheesy, and served up with a generous order of crispy hot skinny fries! 
You can almost feel the balmy ocean breeze as sip your perfectly made drink and relax in the tropical atmosphere!
This whole experience is made even better when you pay the tab......... And it is hardly anything!!!!!
Cheaper than McDonalds!!!!!!
Cheers for SAGO'S!!!!!!!!
Kayla Hergott笑
Sagos is a local video poker bar/restaurant.  It is a true locals joint. Every time I enter this tavern, I run into someone I know. (Pro-tip: Everyone really knows everyone in the small town that is Vegas.) It's a huge space, ample seating, and serves typical bar fare. Wings, nachos, burgers, and sandwiches.

There a huge happy hour with all sorts of food and drink specials. The bar has a slew of regulars and it's a warm friendly atmosphere.

There really isn't anything too special about it. It's a watering hole, with a large dining area, they allow smoking indoors, and they're open 24/7.笑
If a bar offers match play, we're there.  The reviews certainly didn't hurt the place either.  They had a "text and receive $20 match play" but they informed us it took 24 hours to put it on a player's card so we would get it the next time we came.  That's a lock for repeat business.  

We also had a restaurant.com coupon but it wasn't necessary during happy hour since all drinks were $2 and appetizers were half off.  Everything is full price if you use the coupon.  We ended up ordering chicken fingers, chicken fajitas and the carne asada tacos.  Everything was just OK.  I didn't really like the tacos since the salsa was already put on them and the beef was kinda cold.

Wednesday night was insane.  All the regulars were there for the video poker drawings they do so if you're planning to play, avoid Wednesday between 5pm and 8:30pm.  You will not get a seat at the bar.  The staff was friendly and attentive.   

Went back again last week on a Tuesday to redeem the free play and got a plate of the carne asada nachos which were better than what we ate before.  All the patrons sure love their slots and everyone knows everyone else for the most part.  The restaurant area was dead both times but I imagine it would be packed for certain sports events since the TV's are decent.  The football deals sound sweet so maybe we'll try that in the fall.  

They also just sent us another $20 match play in the mail along with a bogo entree coupon for signing up for their slot club.  I guess we're going back!笑
Very cool bar, great happy hour specials, and an even better staff (especially Brittany!). Plus, the TVs are MASSIVE! Great for watching the Packers beat the Bears!笑
This place has one heck of a Happy Hour!!!! I still am amazed by the value/price. 
It is definitely a bar/restaurant for locals; you'd probably never have an occasion to visit otherwise. When we visited, it was pretty empty, just a few people sitting at the bar playing video poker. The decor is pretty dark, with huge tv screens on the walls.

Happy Hour- well cocktails- $2!  Beer and wines- $4! ALL appetizers and sliders- $5!! Truly incredible! The server was very friendly and attentive, and checked on us several times throughout our meal.

Now, the downside... The food. It wasn't spectacular. Average, at best. We ordered chips and salsa, the chicken quesadillias, sliders, and the coconut crab cakes.  On the positive side, the portions are very large, especially since they are only appetizers.  The crabcakes are more mango crabcakes than coconut (they are topped with a lot of mango), but they were pretty tasty overall and not overly breaded. The chips and salsa came with two sauces, a cheese sauce and a salsa. No complaints, but nothing to rave over. The quesadillias- eh... not fantastic. The chicken had an odd flavor, and there wasn't much cheese. The sliders were fine, but the accompanying fries tasted old.

However, for 3 mixed drinks, a bottle of beer, and 4 appetizers to total bill less than $30 (I'm still wondering if she gave us an extra discount).... I have NO complaints. If I'd paid regular/full price, though- I'd be a little unhappy.笑
I went there for the first time because of my fantasy football draft. I was shocked at how amazing this place was. First off I fell in love because they actually put our draft up on their 12,000 inch big screen.  (Seriously I don't know how big it is, but it's the biggest TV I've ever seen.) Next was the food. Delicious! Staff was super cool and the over all decor was fun. Didn't have that depressing bar feel like so many in Vegas do. It is now apart of my regular routine.笑
Treated my office to happy hour. We enjoyed appetizers and a few drinks. Service was quick and the TVs were plentiful. Massive big screens in side room would be fun to watch on game day. My team had fun there.笑
Best bar food in Vegas period.  The sliders are amazing.  Bavarian pretzel fabulous. Tuesday taco...street tacos are to die for.  Best happy hours too.  Love the bar tenders. Aaron is warm and funny Mike is like a breath of fresh air. Great time!!笑
Samm is the coolest server I've ever met! Awesome customer service! Great happy hour too.