I'm here right now just leaving and am overwhelmed with how nice the staff were here. I'm a newly single mother with a 6 month old who likes to grab everything off of the table and managed to get ahold of my milk glass and spilt it everywhere. The staff helped me out so much and it brought me to tears. Unknowingly to them, fiancé and father of my son passed away 6 weeks ago and I've been having a sad day today. I wanted to cheer up so I drove myself and son all the way out here to cheer myself up and start the day off right and I'm glad that I did. I was clearly struggling and the woman behind me happened to be a staff member as well and cleaned up the mess for me. They also comped my meal, which was as always amazing. I didn't get a chance to thank the manager on duty but will be writing them as well to let them know that they were so kind to me. This place deserves 10 stars. Thank you so much笑
I've been a fan of Cracker Barrel since I was a kid.  Amazing that I've never written a review.  The location in the NW part of Mesa AZ is relatively to my house so I find myself there usually a few times a year to eat breakfast or as in my visit tonight breakfast for Dinner!  My go to is Mama's Pancake Breakfast which comes with three awesome pancakes, two eggs and bacon and sausage.  A ton of food for $8.29.  The star deduction is because my eggs were over cooked tonight, but I didn't complain as I was hungry and in a hurry.  My server Lauren was awesome, friendly, personable, great smile.  She noticed that my eggs were over cooked and insisted on bringing me new one's, but I wouldn't let her.  I genuinely appreciate her attention to detail, but again was in a hurry.  Great Place, fantastic gift shop, always a pleasure for me anyway, to dine here!  Management at this location seems pretty solid, and as a former restaurateur always catches my eye!笑
This is a great place to go for breakfast the morning after a crazy night. 

Service here was good but place was very crowded and food took a little longer than I wanted to wait for.笑
The food was great as usual.  We didn't get cornbread with our meal because they ran out. They baked some more and our waitress didn't get any for us begore they were all gone. She brought us some after we had finished our meal snd was ready to leave.笑
This place is just weird. It's very crowded, other people seem to like it a lot, but not me. The whole "Country Store" theme throws me for a loop. It's strange. I had some egg-sausage combo for breakfast, that I thought would be a casserole-type thing, but turned out to be just 'taters and tiny pieces of sausage cooked together. Eggs were plain as can be, overall experience was a giant MEHHHHH. No thanks.笑
Breakfast is never disappointing! Hashbrown casserole is the very best along with the warm apples! So much food, I brought plenty home! The quaint country store is an added treat..!笑
Moving from NY to Las Vegas I have had to accept that some restaurants are jut not available. Cracker Barrel is one of them. When I get lucky enough to have time to drive to this location I take advantage of it!

As usual it was busy for a Sunday afternoon but I don;t mind much as I love to walk around the store. They sell old fashioned candies and very old country knick knacks such as various candles, stuffed animals and home decor. Since it is a restaurant they also sell cookbooks that range from 30 minute meals to slow cooker recipes. The patio at the entrance has rocking chairs for sale that patrons who are waiting for a table can use. There are also random board games strewn throughout the property, so you can sit and play a game of chess while you wait to be called. 

Typically, when we visit Cracker Barrel we go straight for the pancakes but lately I have been obsessed with sourdough bread and they just happen to have sourdough bread french toast!  So delicious, not overly sweet like french toast can be. The bacon was crispy and the hot cocoa was topped with whipped cream. The only complaint I have on the food is the amount of eggs you get if you ask them to be scrambled, it really looks like they scrambled 1 little egg. 

The prices are very reasonable and the service is always friendly and warm. I recommend stopping in if you happen to be so lucky as to pass by one!笑
Stay away from this establishment. Wtf is this?! This isn't a piece of trout...it's what trout shits out of it's rear end! Not only did the food look like a joke it is burnt and without flavor. This place is dirty and gross with food all over the floor and disgusting plating. The bathrooms are horrendously unkempt. Such a rip off!笑
I've been to this location 7 times in the last 2 years. Each visit has been terrific. The staff was friendly, efficient and the food was delicious. The price was reasonable and the ambiance is country. This is one of those establishments that swims in warm and positive nostalgia. I love the country, farms and freedom. Cracker Barrel attempts to bring Old Country Amerciana to a suburban audience. I think it's fun.

A solid 5 stars!笑
Greasy FLOORING in the dinning area!!! Please be careful.. I fell down and hit the floor before I knew what happened.  Management seemed to be very new Or not aware of what to do if anything happens like this...AND he Never offered to even pay for my dinner.  He took my name and #. That manager never called. Someone for the office in Tennessee called me to check and see what had happened. So I explain. He wished me well and made sure he had my address... Days later I got mail from the Tennessee office.. a 25.00 gift card was in it . WOW! Thanks so much!!! 
BUT  MY BAD. I still have swollen knees and I'm hobbling around. Maybe if this happens to you ... Go to  the hospital and get your self checked out ... I wish I had done that now my knees are still hurting and swollen. Really bad !!! My mistake for being a nice person and not wanting to cause problems.笑
This is where we go to get our chicken and dumplings. Although we can make them at home, it's quicker and easier to come here. 

Once a year, we come here for a mega breakfast. Large fluffy pancakes with crispy edges, maple syrup, eggs, bacon, sausage, biscuits with gravy, fried apples, and hash brown casserole.笑
Went there for breakfast with some friends and it was amazing. Good service and the food was really good! I had the french toast, and I have to admit, it was some of the best I have had! Super good! Very home cooked and country style breakfast. Service was good and out lady was sweet. The country store that is in front is way cool. Lots of fun things to look at! I bought the cutest cupcake dress for my neice! Lots of old school candies as well.笑
Been to Cracker Barrels on several occaisons--maybe 3 or 4.  Never better than mediocre.  I think country cooking means Bland food.  Presentation not the most attractive or pleasing.  Had breakfast--my partner that the Sampler plate.  I had the Biscuit, Fried Apple and Hashbrown Casserole.  Everything just OK--not particularly good or special.   Wait staff very pleasant and efficient.  Just disappointed in the food.  Apples comparable to canned apple pie  filling, gravey-meh, scrambled eggs -eggs were premixed then cooked into little square-omelet style.  Hash brown casserole (goes by name of cheesy potatoes in some recipes) -had much better elsewhere.  Think I've tried Cracker Barrel enough times now that I don't need to go again.笑
After hearing about Cracker Barrel for so long and not having access to one in CA, my friend and I were extremely happy to have stumbled upon one during our weekend in AZ. We're big fans of the carby Southern Comfort foods so I could've been happy just eating cornbread for days. I ended up ordering the chicken dumplings, mac n cheese, and hash brown casserole. I remember looking down at my plate and thinking that it didn't look too appetizing and I had made a terrible mistake. After eating it, I decided that I hadn't, but nothing was life changing, except the hash brown casserole (this was bomb.com, order it and don't think twice). I was most disappointed in the cornbread because it should be their staple and I feel like I've had better, back at my college dining halls. I had an experienced Cracker Barrel friend tell me that they are known for their breakfast foods more, so if I ever come upon one again, I guess I'll stick with breakfast.
So bottom line, this is an average place and you should order the has brown casserole. Definitely good for long road trips because it gives you a nice break, fills you up, and is fairly priced. The little store attached to the restaurant is nice to browse through, and the rocking chairs and checkers boards out front are fun to play with.笑
This isnt the best place for Southern comfort food but it does offer an experience. Very nostalgic. Nice patriotic decor. 

The food was alright. Got the fried chicken dinner and thought it was on the dry side. Can't really go wrong with a baked sweet potato. Cheese grits, ok. My cousins country fried steak looked a lil burnt. Dessert was pretty scrumptious. Mmm Blue Bell ice cream :)

I enjoyed the gift shop the most! Cute unique things here. You can buy anything from jams, candy, clothes, to rocking chairs and wind chimes! Very random.笑
Took over 20 minutes for our food to come out after we ordered. Took a few bites of my sandwich and then bit into a nice black curly hair. Let's just say... We will not be coming back, ever again. The not so friendly manager took care of the problem, but my throat still itches!笑
LOVE this place! I first had it in Nashville and when I saw that there were Cracker Barrel's in Phoenix, I almost did back flips. They offer good food, for great prices. This is comfort food, people, Mama's home cooking kind of food, probably made with Crisco and coffee that only needs 2 creams and a sugar. I appreciate the "store" part as it keeps me from trying to sit with strangers in my haste to eat.笑
This place was awesome! They had great food and our server was very attentive. This was my first time at a Cracker Barrel and I thought it was a pretty rad place. They even had a solid gluten free menu.笑
Enjoyed a delicious breakfast here! Prices were adequate (dinner is more expensive). The cute little store is nice as well!笑
We come here EVERY Thanksgiving. You cannot beat the meal you get for LESS than $10! Includes beverage!笑
I dined here last Friday night and was quite impressed! Yes, the wait was LONG and painful, but their country store held my attention throughout the majority of the wait duration. In fact, I bought 2 Christmas gifts in their store so it was not only entertaining, but productive! Lots of stuff to browse - think cool scarves, hats, baby clothes, toys, tons of old-fashioned candy, stickers, buttons, odd items that you wouldn't find in a mall, etc.

Once our party was seated, we took a long look at their extensive menu. I ordered the Rainbow Trout (grilled) in lemon/pepper marinade with sides of Okra, Mashed Potatoes, and Cheese Grits. OMGeeee! Sooo good! I've never tried Okra but a fan now! The Cornbread wasn't that great, IMO. I didn't care for the taste and the outside crust was a bit dry.

Service was on-point with smiles and helpful advice. Food arrived in about 10-15 minutes once our drinks were served.

I'll certainly be back for more shopping and dining!笑
They have really good comfort food at a very comfortable price! On the weekend this place will be slammed and anytime there is a baseball game beware. Even when its busy the service is really good and the food is always amazing. The pancakes are crispy on the edges =) Definitely try hash brown casserole. When I don't want breakfast I cannot resist the chicken and dumplings.笑
Once again I must admit this has to be one of the best Cracker Barrels around. 

Our waiter was awesome and not bad looking either ;)

Food was hot and quick! As you may already know it's GOOD too!笑
The waitress MARIA ROSANNA was horrible come on now? She act like she don't care about her job and I don't recommend her to anybody. MARIA ROSANNA find a different job because you SUCK笑
It's Cracker Barrel - you probably know everything that can be said.笑
I really like the Cracker Barrel for breakfast, mainly because it holds a lot of people so there's never a really long wait and it's cheap. Like dirt cheap. You cannot go out to breakfast for less except maybe at the waffle house. This place is far superior to the waffle house. I haven't been here for any other meal, but the breakfast is good. It is a chain, but when you don' want to spend a lot, it's a good option. Also, they have eggs in a basket... I loved that as a kid! props to that.笑
You can't go wrong with a little Cracker Barrel. I got the chicken fried steak and it was great. My friend had the pecan pancakes and I don't really like pecans.. But they were tasty!笑
Had the fried shrimp platter w/ mixed veggies, steak fries & mashed potatoes.
Satisfying but a little stale on the shrimp and fries. Mashed potatoes we're delicious, creamy. Good overall. But I wouldn't really come here by choice. Great service though waitress was very kind made us feel welcome.笑
First time at a Cracker Barrel restaurant. Went to Cracker Barrel at 7 am on Sunday morning before heading back home to California. It was not busy and we were seated quickly. The service was great. The food was delicious and fresh!! Had the Mommas French Toast breakfast (4 slices of french toast, bacon and eggs) and I have no complaints at all. Will definitely be coming back next year when my family and I are back in town ... Or I'll just have to wait once the Cracker Barrel opens up in Victorville, California.笑
My husband & I just went to this Cracker Barrel for Thanksgiving dinner. We knew the wait would be long, but the wait for food was even longer and then it arrived lukewarm. I asked to substitute turkey for the ham, but they said "no substitutions" and the ham was very salty and smoked and quite hard. But the worst thing is that the portions were TINY. There may have been a tablespoon of cranberry sauce, maybe 1/4 cup of mashed sweet potatoes and the same with the stuffing. There may have been a teaspoon of gravy on the turkey. The server was nice, but we don't plan to go back for child portions with adult prices!笑
J and I wanted to take my grandparents out to dinner Saturday night, as a thanks for all they have done to help us with the wedding planning. I give J the task on figuring out where to go, and he suggests Logan's or Cracker Barrel. I think, OOH there's a Famous Dave's there and Papa LOVES bbq. So, I throw that idea out there as well. But since the g-rents also like "southern home cookin", we went to Cracker Barrel. 

We arrive to find no host at the station and end up standing around for about 5 minutes with no one in sight. Finally, what looks like a manager, comes by and says....Someone will be with you shortly. Wow, really? Finally, the host arrives to his station, and we are escorted to a table. 

We wait for our server to come by the table. 10 minutes or so and still no server. Finally another server stops and asks us if we've been helped. J replies firmly, "No, we have not!" The server asks us for our drink order and comes back a few minutes later with our beverages. He says that "our server" was complaining about another table, or was complaining about another table complaining, so he was going to take our table. Okay, cool cause we're hungry. 

J orders the Meatloaf. I get the Chicken Fried Chicken with the gravy on the side. Grams orders the Grilled Chicken Tenders Dinner. And Papa orders the BBQ sandwich. We distract ourselves for the moment with that puzzle game while we wait for our biscuits and cornbread, which finally arrived with our meal. 

Grams dinner - She said everything tasted fine. 
Papa's dinner - His bbq sandwich was according to him (he does NOT hold back when it comes to his opinions, especially food) dry, stringy, tough, and under seasoned. I asked our server for a side of bbq sauce so he could eat. 
My dinner - The only thing decent was the Okra and the Apples. The Mac and Cheese had what looked like black plastic in it. After I got done picking it out and putting it on the side of my plate, it looked to be about 1/3 c of the black crap. I told J, "What the hell is this!?" 
J's dinner - The meatloaf was bone dry. The mashed potatoes and gravy were cold. Literally, the gravy was congealed. 

J was fed up, and he got up to seek out a manager. The manager came back and was combative with him. He said, the black stuff was cheese. REALLY?! Since when is cheese the consistency of melted plastic and black in color?! He offered to have our meals replaced. A few minutes later, our dinners come out. J says that it looks much better. I pick through the Mac and Cheese and find no black crap. Alright!! Let's chow! Not even 30seconds later, J's sitting there staring at his mashed potato loaded fork in front of his face. I look over and immediately start laughing. Its a HAIR! You've got to be kidding! 

The server comes by a few seconds later and says, "How's everything..." and stops mid sentence. He sees J staring at something on the fork. "Oh no, that's not good" our server says. He goes off to get the manager. I cant stop laughing. 
I cut into my chicken, and without looking take a bite. Hmmm, something was off. I look down and yeah, that's not chicken fried chicken. Its chicken fried steak, which I LOATHE. I just think tenderized meat tastes like its already been chewed. 

The manager comes by and apologizes for everything and says our dinner's are free (including my grandparents). You're Dayumn'ed right they better be free!! We do leave our server a tip, since the quality of our dinner was not in anyway his fault. 

Papa, without missing a beat says, "Well Lorraine, you want to come back and try breakfast here tomorrow?" Grams says, "Yeah, I don't think so." 

In a nutshell, we shoulda gone to Famous Daves.笑
This is about the 10th time we have been here. So I cannot believe that I have never written  a review, so time's a wasting.
Every time we have ever come here it has been really good. 
For starters Hot Tea and Ice Tea are only $1.99. That is a good price. Every where else we have gone lately it has been $3.00 or more.
The food is really good!  Every single time. We ordered dinner and it was pretty busy being Friday night.
Every thing was good and came out very fast. Steak was cooked perfecty and The Rainbow Trout was really good, it even still has the skin on it. So it was really moist.

Prices are super great here and service is always good. 
The food is a lot , and it tastes great!
We really like the little store in front as well. They already had the Halloween stuff out for sale. 
Halloween is only 3 months away.笑
I have only eaten at Cracker Barrel once before, but this was just as I remember it - amazing! I was unclear on what I wanted I guess & the waitress didn't see me point to what I wanted, so there was a mixup. But she promptly fixed my order so I could try the most delicious whole grain oatmal pancakes. Great service, delish food, and they have such a great shop - I wish I could buy everything.笑
Food's good, homestyle comfort food, nothing fancy-just how I like it. Nice waitresses, food came quick considering how busy it was and was reasonably priced
One thing I really don't like is how I have to walk clear through the entire gift shop to get to the food. I get it, I get it, you want me to by your crap and nik naks...but really I find it off-putting when you force a retail experience on me, and it actually works against you when you try and crowd me into buying something.

I'd go back. Wouldn't go out of my way though.笑
It's Cracker Barrel but the one off of Dobson and the 202 has a server, Reggie, that is awesome!!  He loves his job and he is a foodie!  Great job!笑
One of the best breakfasts in town. Always being served, night or day. Try the chicken dumplings if you don't want breakfast.笑
Food was okay, nothing special. Biscuits and gravy are really bad though. It was like eating wet cement that got stuck in my throat. Had to drink hot coffee to push it down. The grits were really good, and so were the eggs. My kid greatly enjoyed his pancake, and I thought the mini syrup bottles were cute. The store is where we had the most fun. It's not really designed to be wheelchair accessible, but we managed to get around without breaking anything. I picked up a fun mug that was bigger than my head and a couple of toy guns for my son. Waiter and store clerks were very nice. I'd go back for the fun of it, I'd just pass on the biscuits and gravy.笑
Fast service, good food and you can chose to match meat with vegetables and skip the same old side dish (potatoes, rice or pasta). Works fine when ever I go, but for groups must be a headache.笑
Great food! Neat atmosphere. Large parking lot. When you walk in, you enter through a gift shop country store first. It's filled with a lot of old fashioned toys, some souvenir type stuff, candles, clothes, and other unique items...pretty cute. Then the restaurant is decorated with a ton of antiques, old photos, and a giant fireplace. They have checkers tables while you're waiting and little peg jump games at each table. It's not too loud, but a little crowded. A lot of elderly people must enjoy coming here...they had their walkers all parked around the fireplace. But anyway, the waiter, the hostess, the manager, they were all exceedingly nice! And the food, (I had the fried chicken, she had the dumplings plus choice of 3 veggies) was excellent! I couldn't stop eating! No room for dessert. But, I'll definitely be back! Not too overpriced either. Oh and great biscuits and cornbread!笑
This is my 2nd visit to this location. It is fast becoming a favorite.
We had the same server both times just by coincidence, Myranda.
She is awesome and sweet.
The servers here work really hard, they are always busy here. We were lucky enough to get the table in front of the fireplace,which was on. It made my night because, it was cold and rainy outside and we were cozy warm by the fire. Happiness!!

Anyway, the food was so good, and so much we had to take some home.
I had the Thursday night meal, Turkey with dressing.
The Turkey is real, not the processed and pressed kind. I ordered for my sides mashed potatoes and cooked apples. Myranda even brought me extra gravy on the side which was so good.
We always like to take a little something home for the dog. So I poured the left over gravy on what I was taking home for her. It had celery and real chunks of turkey in it.
She as well loved it!!
The cooked apples were like dessert. Sweet but, not overly. 
Mario got the beef stew dinner. He said it was awesome but, he wished it was more. Because, he liked it so much.
Cornbread muffins on the side! Delish!!
 To think I never would of known about this place unless a friend wanted to meet here for breakfast about a month ago.
I do totally love the little shop in the front as well. It is really cute!笑
My parents and I stopped in to eat dinner after flying into the airport, but sorry we did. The waitress (Carissa) seemed to take awhile to come back and take our order after bringing us our drinks, then we proceeded to wait about 30mins in which our meal never came. We never even got the biscuits/rolls and the waitress only came by once to say "our food should be out shortly"--that was 15 minutes before we left. Still wonder if our food ever got cooked before she realized we had skipped town. 
Have had great food/experience with Cracker Barrel, but this was not excusable (especially since it was a Monday night and the place wasn't busy).笑
Once again, I had an enjoyable meal. I really don't understand the bad reviews. I've been to Cracker Barrel many times here and in Arkansas where I'm from, I always had good service and good food.笑
This was the worst meal I have ever experienced. Cold and doughy pancakes. Service was slow and couldn't get the order correct. All around bad experience. I found the only Cracker Barrel in America that did not give a military discount. Will not be returning.笑
Food is alright. Had the mac and cheese and country green beans. The biscuits were good. Sis was insistent on trying it and since we were crunched on time we took it to-go. Took a while for the take out and prices are pretty high for the quality.笑
No good. Everything tasted like it was either frozen or had been sitting around for hours and dished up. Serving sizes were pretty good. Everything tasted very bland however and had no taste. Was pretty disappointed in the quality.笑
It doesn't get better than the Cracker Barrel. I'm there for hours at a time. Eating and shopping. I live in California and I always take a few pounds of coffee gone with me. Seriously the best coffee. Make sure and check out the clearance section. There is always some great stuff there.笑
This particular Cracker Barrel in Mesa is where I have had the worst dining experience of my life. My sister and fiance are both servers and they were with me this day as well as a couple other friends. We were seated right away in an empty back section of the restaurant. I go to the bathroom and come back and my party is gone? Our table was moved because oops! No one's working that section of the restaurant. 

It took over 20 minutes just to get our drink order taken. We had a couple people stop by and say, someone will be right with you, someone will be right with you. We finally had another server stop by and start to take our drink order. People who had arrived after us were getting their drinks and salads already. Since we'd been waiting forever at this point someone said can we just go ahead and order while we're at it? And started placing their order. By the time the waitress got around to the last person (my sister) she was very impatient. Since my sister had some questions about the menu she started asking some polite questions (What comes with this dish? Can I sub this for that?) The waitress literally said "Could you please hurry up? I have other tables to wait on." My sister sat there with her mouth open, flabbergasted that someone would be that rude to her especially since we were getting crappy service already. 

By the time the rude waitress (I think her name was Bobby?) finally got our order in and it came out (forever later, no refills on drinks) my order of 1/2 lb. hamburger was wrong and I got a hamburger steak? I think they just took it to the back and put a bun on it but I don't care, I was hungry. My fiance finally gets up to get a manager to explain the extremely lousy and rude service we received and we ended up getting the entire 5 meals comp'd. I don't think we saw our "actual" server the entire time we were there. The oddest thing about this whole thing is that the restaurant wasn't even busy. They had sections closed off. Our waitress had only 5 tables or so seated during the time we were there.  We ended up tipping the hostess a couple bucks because she was the only person who competently (not that there's much competition here) did her job. 

Too long, didn't read version: If you go to this Cracker Barrel make sure you get a good server and if it starts to take more than 10 minutes to get your drink order taken, you should consider leaving before you even start. I recommend Logan's Roadhouse.笑
Simple =  home cooked country food and well yes, thank you.

Wow, my first time and well, I is very glad that I got to go to a place like this, the food was good and the CS, well, the was just top of the line; they have so must to offer you, thay you will be sure happy you came and had a time of your life.

For their is area where you can play game before your food gets there and well maybe even shop for a bit, as they have some great stuff to bye and well, they all would make great gifts; they even have rocking chairs that they make themselves.

From the food to the shop, all the way outside, you will be able to find some way, some how and well, the Crackle Barrel way is a mighty nice 1one; as I will be going back and well, this is a place to get home cooking, family time and well, yes, a place you will be able to make some good memories with the family, friends or even a date that will be the first of many to come.笑
I always LOVE Cracker Barrel, their store is amazing, and their food is just lovely. Prices on food are also very good.笑
This is a tough one to rate. I've been to a Cracker Barrel before and it was alright dining in.  

This time I decided to get a meal to go, since i was traveling alone, and my hotel room was ready with the a/c cranked up full blast I figured i'd just be comfortable and have my meal elsewhere.   I called ahead after reviewing the menu and I  asked if there were any specials, I was informed that the special of the day was a turkey dinner.  I thought about it and after looking at other options, decided to go with it.  The lady on the phone was polite and easy to understand and I was told that my meal would be ready in 5 minutes.  Luckily i was just on the other side of the shopping center and was there in 5 minutes.   The meal wasn't ready so I wandered around the gift shop part of the restaurant for about 15 minutes admiring the Christmas items for sale.. It's only September (too soon in my opinion)  

The person that brought out the food in a to go bag double checked the order item for item and it was correct.  I headed back to my hotel and laid out the items: corn bread stuffing, turkey, cranberry dressing,  corn bread and biscuit with apple butter,   mac   n cheese.  With all the items in their respective containers and sitting on my table the meal somehow lost its sparkle.  having a large plate with just a couple pieces of turkey, gravy and cranberry dressing just looked depressing, but if it all the items were together it would just be a mushy mess by the time i got to it. I picked through the different items, the cornbread dressing was good, the turkey was just OK,. the cranberry dressing was pretty tasty, the gravy tasted like something from the store, the mac n cheese was lacking flavor, the apple butter was good, but I wasn't sure where to put it so it ended up on one of the rolls.  

Overall i guess the experience was alright, and a meal for $10 isn't bad.  I'd probably go somewhere else given any options.笑
So, coming from the Midwest, I am VERY familiar with Cracker Barrel. Well, I don't really know what happened to good ole' home style cooking we were so use too. We were in AZ last week for the entire week. We live in CA now so, we had been looking forward to going to CB for a whole month. Well, I can say that we will never go to CB again! That's a HUGE statement for us to say because we raised our kids going to CB since they were small. Of course when we moved to CA we missed it even more. It's just not the same anymore. The food was terrible, portions smaller, service was not the same. It just doesn't feel like home anymore. It makes us very sad that CB changed so much since we were there 3 years ago. We visited the same CB in Mesa 3 years ago. On our way to AZ we stopped by another CB in Buckeye and the service and food was the same as Mesa...sad. Sorry CB you have lost long time customers.笑
This has to be my favorite breakfast spot.  I love the crunchy edges of their pancakes.  Even when they are packed, the food quality is consistent.    I am a happy girl.笑
We waited over an hour for our food. Waiter kept assuring us it would be out in a minute. After the hour wait the manager came over and told us our food had not even been cooked yet and another 20 minutes. We left after an hour wait and had no dinner! One star is generous!笑
I love Cracker Barrel.  Having first experienced it 12 yrs ago in the South, I was pleased to find one in nearby Mesa.  Some of my favorite dishes:

Sunrise Sampler (Eggs, Bacon, Hash Browns, Grits, Apple, Biscuits & Gravy)
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/GAyHbuUTtKAdpHiFGJuezQ?select=Mjsj2CZ2GgLwp8FHZWuVqQ
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/GAyHbuUTtKAdpHiFGJuezQ?select=DTLjwZ6D_A1_F3rHNIStiQ
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/GAyHbuUTtKAdpHiFGJuezQ?select=k4mCERWR9ePXHvKXtkCo3g

Whole Grain Pancakes w/Bacon & Eggs
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/GAyHbuUTtKAdpHiFGJuezQ?select=xyRLO-ivSRUBbKDSjV9KOA
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/GAyHbuUTtKAdpHiFGJuezQ?select=PsJOSxXEte8MYW63yhpxjw

Peach Tea
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/GAyHbuUTtKAdpHiFGJuezQ?select=aQUTQPAKPlVpYmOajJrxnA

This location is just as good as the ones I remember in the South.  The country store is also very cool and full of goodies.
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/GAyHbuUTtKAdpHiFGJuezQ?select=pgRb_mM_ZcvoKEMgoc69fw
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/GAyHbuUTtKAdpHiFGJuezQ?select=Ix6MVNHBlBgT9qh-JtmJjw

Overall, one of my favorite breakfast joints.

Return Factor - 100%笑
What better place to take your father than to Cracker Barrel on Fathers Day!? Well this was my dad's one request so I humored him and I was not disappointed.  We came in here for breakfast at around 7:30 am so we avoided any crowds or wait time which was nice. We settled down into a comfortable seat by the window and our server attended us rapidly. 
Coffee here is hot and good tasting and service is fast but friendly! I ordered the "Old timer's breakfast" which comes with a couple eggs, bacon, fried apples, and biscuits. What more could you ask for?
 Service here is quite efficient so we received our food in a timely manner.  I can tell that customer care is top notch here. And my father and I both value that very much. 
  Breakfast was delicious and I was more than happy with my selection.
So thank you Cracker Barrel for making my dads Father's Day start off great!笑
Overall love this place. My mom and I are regulars. Love the food especially the biscuits! We always get great service but the waiters/waitress. On the other hand, the hostess is rude. This is the second time she's been unfriendly, talks back, and just makes me uncomfortable.笑
Ah, Cracker Barrel, you are so bad for me, but when I see you I must have something slathered in gravy immediately!  Yes, it is more food than any one person should ever eat in one sitting, but it so cheap I feel I must eat it!  

This is your standard CB.  Old rustic Americana look and feel.  Home cooking comfort foods on the menu. Cheap prices.  Good Service.  No booze (it takes away from the family atmosphere, apparently). 

I love their breakfasts and the chicken fried steak/chicken. Plus, meals come with either cornbread or biscuits.  The fried okra and fried apples are two of my favorite sides. Plus, their pies and cobblers are warm delicious gooey goodness. 

This one is near Cubs Park and the big ole Bass Pro Shop in Mesa. It is great if you are in the mood for comfort food and a lot of it!笑
Yes!  I finally got to try a Cracker Barrel!  When I first entered the store, I already knew this was my kinda place.  Touristy and homey at the same time.  I love browsing through gift shops and boutiques when I'm out of town.  As for the restaurant part of it, I knew nothing could be worse than what I had the day before at the Original Pancake House (unless we went to Denny's), so I was looking forward to a REAL breakfast.  I was not disappointed!

I had the chicken fried steak, eggs, biscuits and gravy, and hashbrown casserole.  Everything was delicious and about $8-$9/plate.  Lots of good food for under $10!  

Service was extremely enjoyable, attentive, and friendly.  Loved the whole country atmosphere of the place.  We sat in their famous rocking chairs at a checkerboard table and played a game while we waited for our food.  

California needs a Cracker Barrel!笑
The customer service here was amazing! I had no problems, my drinks were always full. I never wanted or needed for anything, anytime we needed the waiter was always available. My only regret is that I don't have his name to put on here. It was amazing, the food was good, the desert was good. Everything there was amazing.笑
Paddy and Manager Paul are awesome! I initially started frequenting Cracker Barrel for the southern cafeteria style food - though I must admit it is more than pleasant  to receive good customer service as a side dish to my meal -  like the kind that I received from Paddy (server) and Paul (Manager) yesterday. Nothing is better but I hear the pecan pie gives it  good chase...笑
My kids love this place with the outdoor checkers and rocking chairs, the country store with nostalgic candy and toys and the amazing pancakes and warm little bottles of syrup.  They are in heaven.  Excellent service on this busy Sunday afternoon. They serve more food than you can possibly eat. .or should eat.笑
Great Food. Descent Service. Huge Portions. Really busy quick service saying we were a party of four, and packed with people. Cool shop packed with expensive nic nacks.笑
I got the chicken and dumplings with fried okra. The okra was okay, but the chicken and dumplings were really bland. It was super busy, so with that taken into consideration the service was adequate.笑
Ahhh, yeeeaaaaah. My favorite restaurant, hands down. I'm a country boy, born and raised, so finding good ol' down home cooking like this at a restaurant was a giant blessing! My God, it's so good. I usually order the Country Fried Steak, green beans, mashed potatoes and gravy, and fried okra... all with two delicious biscuits on the side. They give me all of the for under $11!!! I never leave unsatisfied. To tope off the great food, the store is incredible. I just picked up the Gaithers gospel collection, some stocking stuffers for Christmas and a bunch of old fashioned candy. CB does good for the soul.笑
This was probably the worst Cracker Barrel experience I can remember. They are usually good and I'm a fan. We came o a slow weekend afternoon. The hostess was confused and slow to seat us. The server took a long time to bring drinks, take our order and bring food. She was only quick to bring the check and let us know her shift was done. The food was mediocre. My country fried steak was chewy. The poached eggs were overcooked and rubbery. The biscuits weren't fresh. My husband's sweet potato was burnt. We have young children and the slow service made them restless and a nuisance to other guests nearby. I will be back to Cracker Barrel but not this one.笑
We were in Arizona so we thought let's try something new that we don't have back home so of course we had to try Cracker Barrel... We were kind of skeptical because usually when a place has a lot of hype you end up being disappointed but it was totally what we thought it was going to be.  The service was good... The food was delish! Price was very reasonable & the portions were large. Also loved the little store full of nicknacks... The girls in the store were beyond friendly & helpful.  
We will definitely be back when we are in town.笑
Love the food and staff but this is retarded no WIFI we live in 2015 common people please add WIFI I GIVE THREE STARS because of no online connection other then that love the place笑
I love Cracker Barrel... Hate poor customer service.

Right off the bat I'm already not in the best mood having come home from the hospital at 5am and spent nearly 5 hours there trying to get through over 8 hours of contractions (only to find that there was no chance I was having this baby yet). *sigh* Anyway...in hopes to cheer me up my husband suggests we get some of my fav pancakes at Cracker Barrel (this is a big deal for us since we have been dieting for the last 4 months, plus we even had our trainer's approval for an epic cheat meal). I get to my table and sit down to find that I sat in a pile of watery chocolate milk....gross. 
I called someone over to complain and there was no "Oh! I'm so sorry that you will be uncomfortable eating the rest of your breakfast with a wet sticky butt because we didn't properly wipe down or check the table and chairs for spill and crumbs. Please let me see what we can do to make up for it" ...all I got was a new chair and measly "oh sorry..." 

I might be making a big deal out of this but that's gross and annoying! I really don't enjoy trying to eat my only cheat meal while feeling like I peed myself :( 

Moving on...
Food. Pancakes were great as usual. Eggs over easy were done just the way I like. 
I ordered turkey sausage but didn't get them until I almost finished my meal. Turns out one of the runners forgot who it was for and it sat in the window until someone remembered who it was for. 
Husband requested hot sauce and ketchup. Only the hot sauce showed up. Also, the butter he was given was grainy. 

Shannon G was our server. She was very polite and looked genuinely shocked and upset when she found out I  hadn't received my sausage. She offered to refill our apple ciders to make up for it (nice gesture!) but we were already full and ready to get outta there. Shannon, the extra star is because of you. 

Overall. I was full, but left more annoyed than when I came in, wet butt and all.笑
I LOVE THIS PLACE!!!! Great food, friendly service, and a awesome atmosphere. I usually get the chicken and dumplings platter with mac n' cheese, hashbrown casserole, and fried apples. Always delicious!!! Haven't really tried much else here (i'm a creature of habit) but I'm sure it's good. Love the country store as well.笑
Oh, how the mighty have fallen,,, or at least they have at this location :(
We're going to do this by Pluses & Deltas

(pluses)

Friendly in person interactions with staff

(deltas)

Horrible phone service: hung up on me 2x: I called to let them know I had a large group heading over (as it says you should do on the website AND as I've done in the past). The person who answered the phone kept telling me I needed to talk to someone else. Maybe she didn't know how to transfer calls, because that was the last I'd hear. I won't be calling anymore. 

S.L.O.W. service: The place was almost empty, we were seated promptly & then waited 10 minutes for someone to come out and ask us what we'd like to drink & tell us our waitress would be with us momentarily. 20 minutes in our waitress finally came over to take our order & that was only because I grabbed someone who walked by and asked that they give her a message from me that we were ready to order.... this was all just to put in our order, we'd been seated for well OVER 30 minutes before our food came out (2 eggs over easy, toast & oatmeal)... maybe they were chasing the tiny chickens around to get our eggs? My coworker ordered oatmeal (not hard) & they forgot to put in the only thing that came in the oatmeal, the nuts. NUTS. 

Tiny eggs (maybe the chickens are getting smaller?).

All in all, just a disappointing experience.笑
I like Cracker Barrel. Well...at least this one. I've never been to any other location. 

No, the food isn't great (at least the lunch/dinner options), but it's not bad. It's been awhile since I've been here for breakfast, but if I recall that stuff is actually quite good (and cheap).

My dad freakin' LOVES this place. We came here for his birthday dinner recently so that's what I'm basing this review on. I got fried chicken and it came with two sides. The fried chicken was actually quite good. It was crispy on the outside, juicy on the inside, and nice & hot. Cracker Barrel gives you several different side options w/there meals (like, around 10). I had the hash brown casserole thingy, which is also a side they serve with breakfast meals. It's yummy! Basically, it's cheesy hash browns. I also got turnip greens. They were OK, but not great. They were kind of watery & lukewarm. I get the impression most of the sides at Cracker Barrel are cooked well in advance and just sit around most of the day. I also think turnip greens are most likely an unpopular side, and therefore probably sit around longer, without a fresh batch getting made.  I also had some lemonade to drink. It's basically liquid diabetes, which also means it's delicious! 

This place is ALWAYS packed (on the weekends anyway). This was the first time I've been here since moving back to AZ in June, but it's not for lack of trying. I've tried to stop in w/my parents a few times over the past few months, but the wait was ridiculous (this past time we waited 20 minutes for a table, which really wasn't all that bad). Cracker Barrel has a gift shop set up as you wait where they sell overpriced country/southern novelties.

Service was fine & the food here is VERY affordable. I probably wouldn't choose this place, but I don't mind coming here at all w/my dad who like I said, LOVES this place.笑
I suggest you avoid this restaurant at all costs. Tonight was the first and last time that my family will eat at this establishment. The service was extremely slow, the food was luke warm or cold and refills of water and other beverages had to be requested more than once. To make matters worse, a family of five was seated next to our party where almost every member of the party was coughing uncontrollably. All of my family members (including my 90+ year old mother) are extremely worried that we may have been put in harms way with potentially contracting TB or whooping cough or some other severe respiratory disease from these individuals. After paying for our bill, I asked to speak to a manager about our experience. Unfortunately, this individual didn't appear to understand her leadership role and what it takes to instill confidence in her customers. She kept repeating that she was sorry, and she would pass along the feedback to her general manager. As if that was going to improve our experience and overall impression of this restaurant! There are too many choices in this retail/restaurant complex to settle for mediocre food and service from this establishment.笑
Our server was great but our food  took 45 minutes to come out to our table and the manager comes up and asked us if we need anything trying to comp us biscuits and corn bread but when our food fame to the table they forgot our order of biscuits and try to charge us for a two additional biscuits and gravy after they where trying to comp us. So after we get the check and we ask for the manager to see if she can fix our tab but no she asked us repeatedly everything was alright everything was brought out on time I don't know I just will not be here again. So much for my birthday笑
my father and I went there for breakfast.  The place was empty except for two tables.  My dad ordered his regular oatmeal with two corn muffins.  how can you go wrong with oatmeal, well instead of serving milk with the oatmeal they served those little tiny containers of half and half the ones which go with the coffee.  I ordered the multi-grain pancakes which came out under cooked and pasty, sent them back.  The next order or multi-grain pancakes came out way over cooked and dry like card board, sent them back. Then the manager came out and said all the multi-grain and wheat pancakes are always dry, I said they should put that on the menu - multi-grain pancakes always dry.  Then I tried the blueberry pancakes, well it must not have been a pancake day as the blueberry pancakes tasted funny, all the blueberries were right in the middle of the pancakes and they too were dry and pasty.  The server was not much help saying things which contradicted the manager.  Can't anyone get an honest answer when they ask questions about the food.笑
I was so disappointed in this location. The food was just awful. Like it was sad, I love this place.  and the service SUCKED! For a southern place environment, they were not nice at all. Messed up the orders and the gravy y'all the gravy tasted horrible. Crossed finger the next Cracker Barrel is better. Just sad.笑
If you are looking for something more home-cooked feeling this is a wise choice. I felt like our food came out pretty slow. Our waiter kept up with our beverages in the blink of an eye so the slow food must have been due to the chef. We all ordered breakfast (served all day BTW) mine wasnt fresh off the griddle hot. I wasnt too impressed with my meal but my daughter and my boyfriend lovedddd theirs and I know we will be going back.笑
I'm not very happy with the gift card situation. I purchased a $50 gift card from icardgiftcard and I am unable to use it on the Cracker Barrel website. Only in stores. I can't get a refund either. I really think there should be a disclaimer about that. Now I'm out $50 and nothing can do about it. Total ripoff.笑
The biscuits. If there is ONE thing that keeps me coming back to Cracker Barrel, it would have to be the biscuits. 

I grew up in the midwest, and biscuits with sausage gravy and grits was something I came to enjoy a lot. I know there are a lot of "grit-haters" out there, and some people who don't like biscuits and gravy. That's fine because you can just get the biscuits with butter and jam or apple butter. They're really simple biscuits, but probably the closest to simple biscuit perfection I have come across: buttery all over with a nice browned crown, slightly crunchy on the outside and tender on the inside. Mmmm... 

The prices have increased over the past 10 years (what hasn't?), but they're still reasonable and you can get a filling breakfast with unlimited coffee for around $10. My wife likes the apple cider that comes in a frozen mug. That costs a bit more than a cup of coffee, and there are no free refills, but she says it is totally worth it. 

On this visit, as with most in recent memory, our server was friendly and efficient, and my coffee cup was never empty. Yeah, I am a fan.笑
Gotta love Cracker Barrell. Well, I guess you don't HAVE to but I like it. I would probably always order the Turkey Dinner but they only serve in on Thursdays...Aaahhh! So I usually go for the meatloaf. Makes me laugh but reminds me of when I was little. Tonight I ordered the Chicken Fried Chicken, so we'll see. I like the little store - it's nice to walk around and distract you while you're waiting. Unfortunately the kids always want to buy something but oh well.笑
Super fast and friendly service! I always love my experience at Cracker Barrel. Nothing fancy, but yummy comfort food at a great price. Always reminds me of road tripping with the fam as I browse through the adorable country store. You can't be in a bad mood at Cracker Barrel!笑
WHAT HAPPENED???  

Been coming here for about 5 years.  You used to come in and get waited on in 5 minutes and get your food in about 10 minutes more regardless of how busy they were!

Now you come in and get waited on within 30 minutes and get your food within 30 minutes more if your lucky!

Today I was given coffee and water in about 5 minutes and was told by the waitress she would be right back to take my order.  A half hour later she showed up to take my order.  45 minutes later my food arrived!  Yeah, I did get my coffee refilled, but no more cream... and had to ask for bill 5 minutes after finishing breakfast!

Recently came in with friend and after not be acknowledged for 15 minutes... went to another restaurant!

While waiting for my breakfast, an apparent manager was asking 2 guys if he could give them free desserts for the bad service they were receiving.  He should have been giving free dessert to everyone  in the restaurant from what I saw.

He also passed my table and asked "How is everything BOSS?"  If I were his BOSS he would not be giving away free dessert... He would be out!  

The food is great but who wants to spend there day waiting.笑
Cracker Barrel = Southern staple, right? I'm pretty sure I heard Oprah say that once. 

Part country store-part restaurant, they definitely have cool things to buy. Or, rather, stuff that you would get, say, in a magazine that you would order around Christmastime or if some kid was selling stuff for school.

They sell rocking chairs for about 130 bucks apiece. But, they're really well-made, and if I had enough room in my car, I would have bought one and taken it home. 

I don't usually tell my server that I don't eat meat when I go out. During this visit to Cracker Barrel, however, my friend blurted it out when I was trying to decide between salad and pancakes. In light of this, my waitress was extremely helpful in trying to find me a dish to eat that would be satisfying enough to keep me full for the 5.5 hour drive home. She even went as far as taking my menu and drawing stars next to all the items I could eat. Totally unnecessary, but really sweet. 

Hashbrown casserole + homemade biscuits = heavenly deliciousness. And, affordable too!!!笑
I wish we could give the servers their seperate rating cause our waiter, Darius, was perfect! He was casually informative, friendly, he refilled our glasses before we noticed they were getting low, he checked on us a couple of times and made sure to offer us dessert. BUT when I asked for a Cherry Coke, he said they don't have that and have no grenadine, he tilted his head to the side and with a wink offered to make me a Raspberry Coke. Darius brought it to me with our bread and it looked as unassuming as my girlfriend's standard Coke but one cautious sip in and I'm now hooked. My meal was made with this fruity syrup infused lovely. So, if not for Darius's personality and the Raspberry Coke I'd have almost nothing nice to say about our meal.   

The buttermilk biscuits were burnt, the only thing caesar about our salad was the dressing and maybe the cheese. My grits were cold and not cooked right, the noodles of the Mac n cheese were overcooked and it was about cold and our mashed potatoes (I wanted baked potato but they were out) with gravy were about cold and under seasoned. But the ribeye was pretty good, although also about cold. Everything was served fairly quickly, so we weren't sure how everything was hot warm or hot.笑
I hadn't been to the Cracker Barrel in a while and tonight we were really craving it
We were seated quickly and our server came to take our drink orders
He was a nice young man 
I ordered the Roast Beef and my three sides were Steak Fries, Mac n Cheese, and Pinto Beans
They were all amazing!! Just like I remembered...

The roast beef and beans were my favorite but the fries and Mac and cheese were equally yummy

Our service was pretty good too even though the restaurant was getting busier as it was nearing dinner time 

We even got talked into splitting a peach cobbler with ice cream
It was deelish 

Also, the meal was pretty cheap and that made the visit even more enjoyable
Great food at a good, low cost :)笑
My wife had never gone here until I took her. Me having lived in Florida and Louisiana I love this kinda home cooking that you don't get really anywhere else here in the valley. I LOVE the chicken and dumplings! They are the best. My wife likes the fried shrimp and chicken fried steak. The Mac n' cheese, the Fried Okra and the cheesy potatoes are my favorite sides. Their breakfast puts the boots to any other similar breakfast place. The pancakes are amazing, the bacon is awesome, the waffles are the best.  Plus on top of the amazing food you get to roam the Country Store while you wait or after your meal. Tons of old skool candy treats, and a bunch of stuff you would never buy but is fun to look at :) I love going to Cracker Barrel any time and have never been to a bad one!笑
Lunch today was my first time at the Cracker Barrel, and probably my last.  I had their combination plate, featuring a slice of ham, chicken and dumplings, and meatloaf.  The meatloaf was good, the ham OK, and the dumplings a strangely gelatenous texture.  Cut up white chicken accompanied the dumplings.  In their defense, one of my dining companions said her mom used to make them the same way, but I like my dumplings light and fluffy.  Nothing was served hot, barely past warm.  No beer and wine offered at all, but I was there for lunch, so not a big deal.  The service was great, and everyone friendly, which is why I bumped up the rating from a 2 to a 3.  I guess it's a good value for the money though (my plate was around $8 or $9), if you're not too picky about your food.笑
The image of CB is awesome, and it works in the sense that they get the church crowd, and since it seems old fashion - people think the food is healthier. 

But that's from a business perspective. Personally I find it strange that it works, but it does. I am not a big fan och CR, but I do have to eat here some and the service has always been OK. Sometimes stellar, but that is not my average impression - to float between OK and stellar, is a good average still. 

The food is also average. And from a health perspective it is basically same as fast food. They cheat to cut costs like everyone else in the dirty restaurant business. However, if I found a place that was like a CR out in the wild west, but wasn't a franchise - I would have loved it. 

Absolutely nothing to write about in your diary. But I have no real complaints either. Middle of the road experience on all accounts. Still impressed that the image fools those who wants to believe that is it something its not. I want to too, but I cant fool myself that way.笑
Just found out today they have poached eggs. The food is soo good for the money. Surprisingly, I asked the waiter if they served Voss water and he said no.笑
This is the second Cracker Barrel I've been to, and it's pretty good. I love how cheap it is and how much food you get.

They do not have many choices in the healthy department, just things like fruit subs and egg whites, but what they lack there they sure do make up for in their flavors.

I got a pancake combo with hashbrown casserole and over easy eggs. The pancakes were huge, and kinda had a burnt taste to them, but the casserole was sooo good! It's cheese and potatoes and onions and all sorts of yummy stuff, save for meat, rolled onto your plate in a gooey ball.

My boyfriend got a pancake combo too with turkey and eggs as well and devoured the whole thing.

We came at a very busy time (my guess in after Sunday morning mass) but were seated very fast and out of there within an hour.笑
It was OK, I was surprised to know none of the gravy was chicken based so that took grandpa style out of options. I tried mom's French toast with turkey sausage and eggs. It was my first time with turkey sausage which was good but French toast was not good no berries on top and when I got berries on side they were too old. My beau tried mom's pancakes with pecans, pancakes were good they ran out of turkey bacon so he went with bacon which was bummer. Food was ok not great.笑
Pros: Clean, great service, good prices, and nice country store with neat stuff to look at. Coca Cola Cake!

Cons: The food was equivalent to Sizzlers salad bar. Even the cornbread was a little dull. It was somewhat dry and flavorless. I expected fried chicken breasts and got some weird boneless chicken leftovers fried with a side of overly sweet syrup. There was an odd taste to the country friend steak and the gravy on the mashed potatoes. Their mac n cheese and hashbrown casserole weren't bad but definitely bland and store bought. 

We were pretty let down by the food, but I will say, The Coca Cola chocolate cake was amazing.笑
I absolutely adore Cracker Barrel, the food the store, the atomosphere! I took my son for a Mom & Son time, no complaints from him it's one of his favorites as well! It takes alot of food to fill my son's stomach but he had the pancake breakfast and finished every crumb, said he couldn't eat another bite. Brionna was our server, we never had to ask for anything, except for the yummy apple butter given upon request. My boy had never tried it, imagine that! He'll remember to ask for it now, loved it! I had the meatloaf sandwich, so good and cooked to perfection! Of course made a pit stop in the shop and picked up the cutest coffee cup at a great bargain! 
The perfect way to spend a day! Great food and great company!笑
I grew up in the midwest, so I feel right at home here. The midwest motto: "If it doesn't move throw GRAVY on it and veggies were MEANT to be cooked to mush." Oooops. Did I say that out loud?
I love the gift shops in these stores. I have eaten at this store a few times and they have many of the usual suspects from Southern and Midwest cuisine. I love the rocking chairs on the "porch" and the games on the tables. 
The quality of the food and services are just average as are the prices. This store is at the Riverview shopping district in Mesa Dobson and the 202. The parking is easy and plentiful.笑
I have reviewed other cracker barrels' before & I sweared I will never be back again, but had to go since she had a gift card lol. After thinkin for hours and hours I finally decided to go with the veggie platter again with 4 vegetarian sides. I got Mac & cheese ofc, broccoli cheese casserole ( daily special ), poached egges and wait for it, hush puppies! (Check pic) Yes I made them get me hash puppies! Oh and I made it clear to the waitress 10 times to make sure there's no meat in any of my food today. (Check my review for other Cracker Barrel where they sprinkle bacon in everything despite my requests)

The broccoli casserole tasted more like broccoli & cheese and less like a casserole. Hush puppies were bland and over fried. We had an excellent waitress though for a change. Hopefully I can try something else next time, oh wait they don't have anything else that I can try! Compared to places like lo-los for example, I feel like cracker barrels meatless sides aren't good enough笑
I enjoy this place because of the choices that you get and for the amount you get for the food.  With a majority of entrees you get to choose 3 sides. My group of friends and I's favorite include the mash potatoes with white gravy, macaroni and cheese, fried okra and cheese casserole.  Entrees we enjoy are the roast beef and chicken country chicken.  The lemonade is also made fresh, and who doesn't enjoy lemonade that was made just for you.  

Even though these are my go to dishes, they are just country dishes, but it's the ambience of old times that makes me come back. It feels comfortable and because it has a very neat store with the cutest trinkets and old style items that you wouldn't find in other places. Going to both the restaurant and store is a trip within itself. My fiancee recently bought a toy there (haha), I got the cutest salt and pepper shakers and some ginger beer. My friends got candy of brands you don't see in stores anymore, clothes, purses and signs with the best quotes.笑
I have not been let down here... Service was awesome and food was good. Had Grandma's Breakfast, and it was tastey. Our server was great... Friendly, attentive, and on the ball...even joined with us. I'll be back!笑
I love Cracker Barrel!  It's my favorite chain restaurant and I stop in as often as I can. They give you hearty helpings of fantastic comfort food, have a great homey atmosphere and a cute store with all kinds of seasonal and novelty items. Their lunch and dinner meals are my favorite but breakfast is good too.笑
I love Cracker Barrel!  When I lived in Flagstaff, I was a regular and now when I visit Chandler, I plan to be a regular at the Mesa Cracker Barrel.  Starting with the wooden rocking chairs on the front porch to the nostalgic candies and the Americana/Country gifts, Cracker Barrel will not disappoint in taking its guests back to a simpler time.  True country cooking is not meant to be rushed and neither should your experience at Cracker Barrel.  We had the pleasure of taking our 2 year old grandson out for his Cracker Barrel experience today.  This is a truly kid friendly restaurant which even includes country styled wooden booster seats, crayons, coloring sheets and a great kids menu with something for even the most discerning toddler's palate. 

Breakfast is my favorite meal of the day and I don't believe that it should be restricted to the morning hours and neither does Cracker Barrel.  My absolute favorite breakfast at Cracker Barrel is the Sunrise Sampler which delivers more than enough food food for two, unless one of the two is your grandson who steals the bacon and sausage off your plate...The Sunrise Sample includes: two eggs, grits, sawmill gravy, home made biscuits, fried apples, hashbrown casserole, smoked sausage, ham and bacon.  

Everything I've experience on the Cracker Barrel menu is incredible.  You must be sure to leave room for dessert.  The hot double chocolate fudge coca-cola cake with vanilla bean ice is an absolute to die for dessert.  There is lots of easy parking and CrackerBarrel is a stone's throw away from the Bass Pro Shop.  Need I say more...make it a full day outing!笑
How do I review Cracker Barrel?  Not sure what to say except the few times I've been here it's been a really good experience.

I love the old country feel to the place, with the rocking chairs out front, gift store in the front, and the decor once you get seated in the restaurant.  Service here has always been great, and our server on Saturday morning was funny, outgoing and made the experience worth while.

I went with the French toast as did my friend who joined me.  I went with coffee, and he stuck with water.  I love dining here, but I feel like everything on the menu is smothered in heart clogging pork gravy, and sometimes I find it hard to order since I don't eat pork.  Trying to get something without it seems impossible.  Yes, I can get substitutions, but what a huge pain it can be sometimes. I scour the menu for something that doesn't come with at least 3 variations of pork in the meal itself.

Overall, its a great place to grab a hearty breakfast, and I should try to come here more often.  Place is packed on weekend mornings, so if you want to beat the crowds, get here early!笑
The Sunday chicken dinner is very good. The store outside is someone irritating because they're trying to to sell Americana and everything is made in China. The food though is outstanding.笑
Always love eating here. Reminds me of old school country comfort food that grandma use to make when I was little. Breakfast is always a treat with traditional style flap jacks that that the little crunch around the edges but they are so fluffy and good in the middle. The cornbread and biscuits are always great. Very consistent place.笑
Had to wait to order while waitress cleaned tables,  steak  was supposed to be well done  it was still bleeding  to death on my plate and rest of food was cold ,  want good service  and food look elsewhere笑
The food was decent. The servers and waitstaff were very friendly to my service dog and I. Just as we were gathering to leave, our food and drinks in to to go containers, the manager plows around the counter: brusquely demanding, "Is that a service dog?"  
I politely replied, "yes."
He bellowed, "Well, is it a he or she; it needs to be under the table."
I responded, "We're actually just leaving, she laid to the right of me out of the walkway.  She doesn't fit under table because of her size, and the rungs under the table."
He pointed, commanding: "Next time, under the table."
I apologized, "I'm sorry, none of the servers asked us to move."


A lady next to us said, "Leave them alone, they're fine."

During our meal, the waitstaff complimented my dog's courteous behavior and training.笑
I'VE ONLY HAD BREAKFAST HERE!

Was here many times in summer of 06 and 07, and it's still the BEST breakfast I have EVER had!!! Pancakes are huge and fluffy, bacon was thick and well done, eggs were tasty and fluffy and they have their own house Maple syrup. Prices are good, portions are generous and food is the best!!

The country store has tons to choose from. I always end up leaving with a bag full when my goal was to stuff my face. 

A/C is always on, wait times can be lengthy depending on time of day but so well worth it. 

You can even get a nice tan waiting outside in the misters.笑
I was hoping to get something close to homemade and this place yelled out my  name.  Actually my friend and I were going to go somewhere else but then I passed cracker barrel, made a phone call, and poof we changed our minds.  I just thoroughly enjoyed the sweet tea.  There is nothing like good old sweet tea on a summer afternoon-well I guess it was a cold winter's night in Arizona so whatever.  I ordered the beef noodle soup which was so good.  I am actually not feeling to well today and have thought about going to get me some soup:)  HHHHMMMMM!!!!!!  I then ordered the pork chop, it was a little dry but not bad enough not to eat it and had the baked apples and corn.  It was such a simple meal but very good.  Our waiter was Sam who was spot-on and so courteous and friendly and efficient-great!  I would certainly request him on my next visit!!!笑
I went in hear how amazing this place was, only to puke before I left. I ordered the chicken and dumplings with cole slaw and fried okra. The cole slaw was pretty good, but the okra was soggy! How do you screw up something so easy?! The chicken tasted like they took it straight from a McDonald's trash can! The gravy and dumplings....the slop they tried saying was gravy and dumplings made me puke. I literally almost didn't make it in the toilet. The waitress was horrid. She came by 5 times in less than 2 minutes wanting us to decide what we want. Then disappeared after giving us our food. If I could give negative stars I would. I called the health department, as this is unacceptable.笑
I enjoy their home style cooking foods (even though their high cholesterol and not really healthy), but I completely disagree with their stance on gay rights. They're homophobic and have a huge sign when you go in that they support family values, etc.... but gay rights is clearly missing. Now, believe me, when I go there I go for the food. I have friends I'd be embarrassed to tell I have been there recently. My 8 year old was with her mother for Thanksgiving this year so I wanted to take her to brunch before I had to drop her off. Cracker Barrel was one of the only tasty places open. Wow, Thanksgiving morning at Cracker Barrel is a beast. They have this turkey deal that all the people wanted, but we just wanted breakfast. We waited an hour for a table and the Smokehouse Breakfast could've been smokier.笑
Visited 5/8/12...


What can I say, its Cracker Barrel.  Have been there many times.  Never reviewed before now.  Don't know why. 

Southern food.  Had country fried steak, mashed potatoes, fried oakra.  It all tasted very good.  

Went in for dinner.  But found myself very tempted when I was given a Breakfast Anytime menu.  Not too many places that I would try the breakfast menu in the evening, but this might be a place I will have to remember for breakfast in the evening fix.笑
Went here for dinner with my husband.  It was really good.  Everything came out hot fresh and super fast.  They were ready for us.  

I usually go for my usual either the fried shrimp dinner or old timer's big breakfast, but tonight I wanted to try something new.  Their chicken dumplings looked really good.  They came out pretty good.  Very southern home cooking and hearty.  

Our waitress, Sheryl, did a great job of taking care of us.  She was always around and very helpful.  

We were so full, we took a lot of food home, BUT we had to have desert.  We tried their new pineapple upside down cake.  Very rich, but sweet and yummy.  It really hit the spot topped with ice cream.  You get a really large piece too.笑
I'm from California so not a native fan of Cracker Barrel, but I'm converted now. I come here just for the pancakes and they are spectacular. Good Job Cracker Barrel on a delicious pancake recipe and cooking. Mama's pancake breakfast is the only thing I order and it's really very good. Keep up the good work.笑
Awful 45 mins to get eggs. Waitress never came by, stole a waiter to get drink refills. Told her we didn't like biscuits and gravy never offered toast to Don, brought b&g anyway, then told the people behind us they had just ran out of biscuits..SMH..  the sausage was off, spoiled, I hope I don't get sick, ate half a peice B4 I figured out what the taste was. (Don ate all his, but his might have been ok) Out of toilet ppr in ladies room, and men's room was apparently filthy. Was early & they weren't busy when we got there. We're getting busy by the time we finally got food. Now I know why it's been years since we ate at a cracker barrel. Dennys next time for sure. 

Should have not went in when we saw a nearly empty parking lot on a Sunday morning..笑
Terrible. We arrived over an hour ago. They quoted us an hour. Fine. Whatever. Half an hour into our wait they said only 15 minutes remaining. 50 minutes into our wait they said we were third in line. It's now been 1 hour and 15 minutes. Not seated. Pissed off. They've seated 20 other groups when we were supposedly third in line. No apologizes or explanations. Don't eat here. It's terrible, terrible, terrible customer service and mediocre to poor food at best.笑
I don't normally review "chains" and this is technically a chain however, there are none of these in California.  Let's see, here's a story, a few years ago I became enamored with this place called Cracker Barrel.  I had heard so much about it and I love anything Southern so it was my goal to go to one of these for several years. I had been in Florida, Texas and AZ before all states that have a CB but unfortunately never got the opportunity to go to one.  So when I found out I'd be coming to Arizona this past weekend, the first thing I did was look up to see where the nearest Cracker Barrel was going to be. Lucky for me there was one very close to where we were staying so I told my friend that we HAD to go eat there at some point in the weekend.

That point was this past Sunday for breakfast.  I was a bit nervous because I had hyped CB for so many years that I hoped it lived up to it.  My friend even made fun of me when I told her she was helping to make one of my "dreams come true" (a little over dramatic yes but whatever).  Well I can safely say that once we were done with our meal she bit her tongue on what she said to me and she bit it hard.

We were seated pretty quickly for a Sunday morning, our server was very nice and he won extra points with us because he showed us his wallet which was an old California Angels wallet (we were in AZ because of Spring Training).  Everything on the menu looked so good but I finally settled on the French Toast Breakfast w/blackberry topping (it came with eggs and bacon as well).  My friend couldn't decide what she wanted but she knew she wanted have the hashbrown casserole.  Our waiter recommended something that was off the menu for her and it was perfect 3 pancakes, hashbrown casserole, bacon and sausage.

When our food came out our eyes just lit up.  My french toast was AMAZING.  The tartness from the blackberry just made the combination so so good. The bacon was also very crispy just the way I like it.  The showstopper though had to be the hashbrown casserole.  My friend had me try it and it was seriously unlike anything I had ever tasted before.  We're trying to recreate this ourselves.  The bill wasn't bad at all for the amount of food you got (it was under $8 per plate) definitely worth it. Like I said it definitely lived up to my own hype.

With that said: Dear Cracker Barrel, please franchise to southern California please please pretty please!! Luckily for us we are going back to AZ at the end of the month and we have already decided we are stopping here again!笑
I came to this Cracker Barrel after hiking to the first saddle of the Cholla Trail of Camelback Mountain. I figured I earned the big ol country breakfast I was going to endure. 

I was seated pretty promply as I came in on a Wednesday afternoon. After perusing the menu and waiting a few minutes, my waitress came by. I ordered the chicken fried chicken with hashed brown casserole, scrambled egg whites, grits and biscuits. Everything and I mean EVERYTHING was slammin! I almost drank the spare gravy. The fried chicken breast was crispy, yet still moist. The grits weren't clumped. The casserole was so yummy and cheesy! Oh but the biscuits, the BISCUITS!!!! I ate one with butter and honey and the other with butter and preserves. Each were heaven and being that I ate them at the end my meal, I could only imagine what they would've been like hot.

I SO wish they had Cracker Barrel in CA, but until then... see you next Spring Cwacka Bawwal!笑
Oh Cracker Barrel, where have you been in my life? I tried this place for the first time last week and enjoyed everything I ate. The place reminds me of a home in the country. Our waitress was a total doll and one of the cutest old ladies I've ever met. The plates are large and affordable and of course delicious. I had the spicy grilled catfish with green beans, mac & cheese, and mashed potatoes and my friend had the country fried steak and eggs. It's home cooking at it's finest. They also have a cute little store up front with nick knacks and old school candy. I don't know what kept me from trying this place sooner, but I'll most definitely be back.笑
How people can love this restaurant is beyond me. I've been to multiple locations and they were all disappointing. The only reason it gets two stars instead of one is because I thought their breakfast was OK.

Every time I go here I am unimpressed. My food comes out cold, overcooked and overall very bland. The only good thing are the biscuits you get to munch on beforehand. Even the cornbread tastes bland. I didn't think that was possible!

Boring and bland. I'd rather spend my money on The Waffle House.笑
Delicious food. Very friendly staff from host to the managers...love this place. Food was fresh not warm. Burgers are yummy and worth the price.笑
What a soul-crushing experience is Cracker Barrel. There is no more miserable experience than eating breakfast at this dump.

Still, Brak and I go here with Bob the Programmer for breakfast after a round of golf because it's close to the course. There really isn't any other reason to visit.

On our last visit, we had a horrible time getting the attention of our waiter. Our drink glasses were bone dry, and we couldn't flag anyone down to fill them. We did catch the attention of the 3 year old at the next table, which is the last thing I want -- I prefer my peace. As is typical at Cracker Barrel, every meal was served on about three plates, so we quickly ran out of table space and had to navigate and consolidate in order to maneuver.

On our previous visit, our waitress stank. Not a working-so-hard-that-she's-getting-a-little-sweaty stink, but a I-can't-believe-she-hasn't-been-fired stench. Every time she approached our table, we held our breath and talked about leaving. Seriously appalling. (Note that we did come back -- I don't know why either.)

The food is mediocre at best. Everything is bland and white, though I discovered that a nice yogurt and fruit parfait. I can't even imagine what anyone would order for lunch or dinner.

I don't have much to say that's good about Cracker Barrel, but I'll try. It has a big parking lot. There are at least 20 paths from the restaurant to do front door, so if you can get past the hostess station, you can always navigate around the gummers and the kids. It is also highly air conditioned, which feels divine after a round of golf when it's 106 in the shade....that'll boil your brain a bit and make Cracker Barrel seem like a good idea.笑
Ordered a to go order, and was told it'd be 15-20 minutes. 15-20 minutes turned into 35 minutes. When I called, I specifically asked how long the wait was before I bothered to order. Then when I picked it up after waiting 20 minutes already, it should've been ready. I was obviously upset about the wait and the 3 people I dealt with did not apologize or even pretend to care. I will never go back to cracker barrel again. They don't know customer service and don't care about the customer.笑
Although I usually like the food and atmosphere at Cracker Barrel, this visit with my wife and daughter did not end well.
I had the country fried steak dinner, with greens, Mac and cheese, and okra. The flavor was great, but within an hour after leaving the restaurant, I was hit with some serious food poisoning. Luckily, neither my wife or daughter ended up ill, but I am dealing with the after effects today with severe abdominal pain and most of my day spent in the lavatory.

Never again.笑
I went there on Thanksgiving with a singles group. Nice atmosphere and an excellent server, but the meal was nasty. I wasn't even going to touch the yams! Apple pie was crusty and hard..no desire to finish it. We really enjoyed the rocking chairs though!笑
So pleased with the team here at this location. Great servers with positive welcoming personalities and excellent service. We travel a good amount and find various Cracker Barrel's to dine at and we chose to return to this one three times. Who ever trains the staff here has a great approach because you see consistent employee service. definitely go back when we return to the Mesa area.笑
Go to spot for my kind of food.  Great service includes managers here, thx guus.  Would recommend the hash brown casserole at any cost.笑
Went there for breakfast this morning and I was very disappointed got coffee as my drink had my first cup and waited about 15 minutes for another host/hostess to ask me if I wanted a refill my hostess never came around and asked me when I got my food I proceed to eat it and my hostess never asked how the food was but I could hear the other hostess asking ppl across from me how was everything and right before I left I asked my hostess for a to go box she said sure I will be right back with it I waited for 10 minutes for her to get me one she never showed up with one as soon as I was leaving I noticed my hostess had other ppls food that she was giving them and to top everything off my wife went to use the bathroom and to her surprise the toilets where disgusting thinking the IHOP what have probably been better place to eat and this will be the last time I ever eat at this Cracker Barrel location FYI Cracker Barrel train your host/hostess better.笑
This isn't the first time I've frequented this Cracker Barrell, but my and my friends passed up Chompie's for some good ole CB. 

We were seated quickly, and it was pretty poppin' as it was a Saturday morning. Ordered the usual, a Raspberry Lemonade and Grandpa's Breakfast whatever. I was super stoked, especially since I was starving, but there is something about the presentation that leaves something to be desired. Translate - Huge plate, small serving. Which I don't mind considering the price, but make it look good?

Anyways it was good. And our waitress had some sass for my friends that needed a "lesson" that morning, haha.笑
Love this place, We NEED one in Cali. I had the meatloaf lunch special and it was by far the best meatloaf that I've ever had in a Restaurant.笑
I'm a vegetarian, so if you are a meat and potatoes type of person ignore my star reviews.  

I ended up getting the blueberry pancakes, which were good considering the place I was at.  They were not perfectly round and have fresh blueberries, so like what I would make at home.  Not the perfect cookie cutter ones like at IHOP.  
I did love I got my own jar of blueberry compote, it was warmed up too.  (I kept the bottle, I love little things like that.)

Every dish on the menu was meat, except for the veggie platter (I believe that is what it is called).  The breakfast menu was the one that had the least meat dishes. 

The server was very friendly, I asked for decaf iced tea so he brought me hot decaf tea and a cup of ice.  Like that he did that.  The server was very nice.

We got there around 7 pm, it was very busy with in an hour many of the snowbirds had left.  

The food took awhile to get to us after ordered it.  The place is also very packed together.    

They give us biscuits and a cornbread which are very dry and flavorless to me.  (we always make our own bread and cornbread so restaurant varieties just don't match up).  

If anyone is eating post weight loss surgery and don't eat meat, it's not a very good place.   

The store had a lot of cute kitschy items.  I didn't check the whole store, but they had a lot of candy in big boxes and some toys.  They did have a lot of kitchen and rooster items for the kitchen.  I thought those were adorable.笑
This place is just so cozy reminds you of an old southern country home! I enjoyed the food but it wasn't the best food I have eaten. Like another yelper stated, "this isn't the best place for southern comfort food but it does offer an experience. Very nostalgic. Nice patriotic décor" 

We went for breakfast. We had no complaints about service, or our meals. The prices were very reasonable in comparison to the quality and portions. 

What was 5 stars was the dessert. OMG, baked in a dish with ice cream on top, to die for. I think next time I will skip breakfast and go right for that apple baked with ice cream on top heaven! For $3.99 I received the most delicious apple baked dessert ever! I will never forget that dessert and my hips will wear it for the next month without shame because it tasted that good!笑
"The things we do for love..." 

Ordinarily on my Boycott list due to discriminatory Corporate policies, our visit was prompted by a search for specific Beanie Boos my niece wanted for her seventh Birthday which we could not find elsewhere. My SIL frequents this location and advised that the desired stuffed animals were indeed in stock here. 

Begrudgingly, we headed over to the 'Country Store' side of this chain, Sysco-to-table sourced restaurant. They did have the most extensive selection of Beanie Boos we have seen, and were offering a "buy two, get one 50% off" special. 

Because of the special, we purchased more than two, receiving excellent customer service from a girl who noticed us searching, she checked the computer and brought the wayward "Tuffy" to us from the stockroom. We were rockstars in the eyes of our niece at her party, but the tea set we purchased at a locally owned "paint your own pottery" shop made us feel better as educated and socially conscious consumers. 

Even the cashier was very friendly, thanking us for our visit and inquiring if we found everything ok. But, none of this pleasantry is enough to make me patronize this chain which discriminates against basic human rights whilst billing itself as "All American" = duplicitous at best. Two stars are for the helpful associate and friendly cashier.

* extensive inventory of Beanie Boos in all sizes *笑
I have GOT to stop judging places by the fact that they are a chain.  I have never been here on my numerous trips to Mesa and to Riverview Shopping Center because I assumed I wouldn't like it.  But I've been craving Chicken and Dumplings lately and found out they had it so I decided to try them out.  

First, the service was cheerful and attentive without hovering.

Second, the price was right: $7.99 with two sides, a corn muffin and a biscuit.  The amount of food was about perfect, maybe a bit more than I needed but not quite enough to justify a to go box.

If the chicken had been any more tender I wouldn't have been able to discern it from the noodles.  The dumplings were the thick noodle style, not like my mother's which were balls of biscuit dough dropped into boiling broth, but they tasted good so that was ok.

The green beans were as good as any my mother made, mushy Indiana style with lots of bacon flavor.  Mmmm.

The baked sweet potato was very mushy with a perfectly edible skin.  I ate every bite even though I was expecting it to be the texture of a regular baked potato.  

I'm not a big cornbread fan but theirs was crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside with good flavor.  I like that they give you one smaller corn muffin and one smaller biscuit for variety.

I've lost count of the number of times I've eaten a biscuit that has sat around too long, or the dough has, and it tastes fermented/moldy, like beans or split pea soup that has sat out too long.  This one was super fresh and had great texture and flavor.  

So the entire meal was a success! St. Patrick's Day is later in the week so I'll have to come back abd try their Corned Beef and Cabbage Special for $8.99.笑
This place has an old fashioned country cook feel. The gift shop area is great and has a good assortment of items. 
The food is decent. Some items are hit or miss but a majority of the time it's good. The buttermilk pancakes are tasty. The grits are always cold and gross. We like the lemonade and root beer in a frozen glass. It's a good place for a large crowd because the food is priced well for the portion and a good variety.笑
There are few things I dislike more than crowds and snowbirds. Cracker Barrel has both in force! The kids love this place. We cave every so often for their benefit.

Let's start with there always being a 20+ minute wait. Then you have to dodge snowbirds, children and merchandise in the hoarder-style, overfilled Country Store. I feel like I'm in Pac man trying to get to breakfast while being blocked by ghosts and Yankee candle displays. 

I get to my table, which have the hardest, wobbly wooden chairs ever. The tables have so much junk on top we can never fit the food (or beat the peg game). My drink is slow to get refilled, and I've rarely had a visit when something in the order is not missing. And for crying out loud, I want the breakfast menu. Does anyone in their right mind want the dinner menu here?

Then after your meal, you reverse your way through the maze to pay your bill. Holy moly people, take my money so I can get the rock out of here! The ghosts are chasing me again, this time out to the parking lot where a hundred snowbirds impatiently wait on the walk in rocking chairs with their oxygen tanks, playing checkers.笑
Amazing food. Poor service.  Every time I go to this one it seems I get the worst service ever.  Flat out - the food is amazing and you get served so much you don't need to eat for the rest of the day - but the service sucks .. these guys need a lesson in taking care of people, or hiring more competent staff.笑
As a family, we come here when family from out on town is here being they don't have Cracker Barrel in there area. Last night I can't say what took place but boy was service off! It was odd being a gentleman sitting next to our table, came to our table and asked, did they take your order yet or even take your drink order? This gentleman spent a fair amount of time speaking with us at the table and just seemed bothered by the fact our service was so NOT there! Our servicer Ro was very sweet just seemed to have more than she can handle or maybe just had an off day. I gave them 3 stars being the service was off but the food was still pretty good. I had to ask for the one part of my meal but what topped the food is, we were told "someone paid it forward" I thank the person who did this yet I feel that because the server forgot about us is why are meal was paid for by management. I could be wrong! And please note, while we were there we did not complain or make a fuss about the service but I had to post to Yelp too thank the person out there who possible paid it forward to us.笑
Not a bad place.  It's located off the 202 Loop near the Bass Pro Shops.

I'm a west coast girl so I've never heard of this place before until I saw it on my way to Home Depot that is in the same area.  I had asked a friend about it and he swore it had the best breakfast he's ever had.  Clearly he's never been to Black Bear Diner!

Went on a Sunday...biiiig mistake.  As we were waiting to be seated, my friend and I realized we weren't the following...

a) religious enough (it was Sunday, so I'll cut some slack on that)
b) old enough
c) tacky enough
d) cranky enough

My eyes.  OMYEYES! I was blinded by the sequins and dazzled from the home bedazzled shirts.  OMYEYES! I swear, everyone was over 60 and complaining about their meals. I was surrounded by senior citizens who bitched and complained then threatened to NOT pay for their meals.  Personally, I felt like they were scamming the place. I know customer service is a thankless job, but sometimes customers are way too cheap and shouldn't be eating out.

Breakfast wasn't so bad, but I found it incredibly bland and laden with salt. Within an hour of eating there I was *parched*. Their "sourdough" pancakes didn't remind me of sourdough in the slightest. Their scrambled eggs seemed to have been made from liquid eggs, solidifying my belief that I'm too young for this establishment. The only true highlight were the corn muffins that were brought out while we waiting.  YUM.

I felt so cheap and tacky walking through Home Depot after while guzzling 4 bottles of water.  Yes, I paid for them. The fluid retention from my salt intake was enough to make me think they had some MSG in their food.

Long review short? If you like salty food and cantankerous seniors, this place is for you.笑
The service was really good.  They have a huge menu but realistically a lot of it is redundant, just different sizes/portions of the same meal.  The food was really good, and they do offer a low carb menu if you want a lighter option.  I love the little country store, too.笑
17 minutes of sitting , asked three times to order only to be told that they were not my waitress but they will inform my waitress.  How about working as a team , take our order and take It up with so said waitress later. Gave up and went elsewhere笑
Came for breakfast on a Saturday. This place was a madhouse. Food was meh. I had biscuits/gravy and scrambled eggs. The person I came with had French toast. The best part of the meal was the cute bottle of warmed syrup on the side. I love the ambiance of this restaurant and the friendliness of the employees but I'll stick to dinner here if I need a Cracker Barrel fix.笑
Best country food since my childhood and very reasonable prices to boot. Excellent service couldn't believe how fast the food came out even my grandma who raised me on this type food could learn something from the cooks here. Down home American fare.笑
I've only had one bad time at Cracker Barrel out of the hundreds of times I've been there, for breakfast/lunch or dinner. Even the day my friend and I dealt with the awful experience, they rectified it promptly.  I will always be a loyal Cracker Barrel patron :) They have a great amount of options, the price is great, and typically fast service at this and other locations.笑
I am not endorsing the entire chain with this review, but rather this store in particular.  Yelpers, this may be the best Cracker Barrel in Christendom.  

I know, a lot of Yelpers out there are too hip for a chain as frumpy and junk filled as the CB - but I gotta tell you get past the giftshop and the TJ Mcgillicuddy like wall flare and there is something to latch onto here... the food is actually very good... assuming you stick to my golden rule of "The Barrel":  Stick to "country food" - that is, don't mess around with salads, baked fish, and the like.  The more country it sounds, the higher your chances of success. 

Highlights: 
Hashbrown Casserole
Turnip Greens 
Breakfast
Country fried chicken (Sunday's only)笑
I ordered the "Grandpas country fried steak breakfast" and a strawberry lemonade in the afternoon and the food was quite soggy. I went home an hour later and immediately vomitted as my stomach was very upset. After evacuating everything out of my stomach it was no longer upset. I will not eat there again. Any restaurant can say that food poisoning takes longer than an hour to cause a person to be sick but that is not true. There is no time limitation as to how fast a person can feel or become sick from tainted food or drink.笑
Today I made a take out order was told my food would be 10 minutes so I hang up looked at the time it was 3:08pm were I stay is 5 minutes away so stopped at atm when I get there paid for my order cashier called on the intercom to inform them I was there to pick up my to-go order while I was waiting looking around in the store  I sat down didn't say nothing finally  received my to-go order looked at the time it was 4:06pm the cashier apologized for the wait I left so no business from me on to go food better off eat there I think笑
The food is usually decent. The service is pretty bad though. We have had to ask to move tables to get different servers, on multiple occasions. We go because we enjoy their breakfast. Sadly, the last time we went, we had to wait an hour after ordering. We should have left.笑
How could you not love cracker barrel? I admit, it's not the most amazing food I've ever had but you know what? It's always. Always consistent. The experience as a whole is always positive and I always know I'll be leaving there pleased, even if I had to wait 40 minutes to get in. I'd rather go somewhere and know exactly what I'm getting than show up and hope for a good day...

Oh and all you haters can whine about WiFi and Tv's and crap but guess what... that's not the restaurants concept. The point is not to have them. How about sitting down and enjoying the company of the people around you, cruising the shop and playing the peg game I have never been able to master!笑
We came here after going to see Santa at bass pro. I have been here once before and loved the atmosphere which is why we tried it again. We were sat down and waited for 10 minutes for a waiter/ waitress to come over and acknowledge us, my husband timed it. I kept seeing servers come by our table and give other people service but never once did they come to our table. I made eye contact with more than one server to see if they "forgot" about us but to no avail... We went across the street to Logan's roadhouse and were immediately served and had great food.笑
Went there Friday night and had the cod dinner. Excellent service and great food. It was a great experience. I will definitely return here !  Very nice gift shop too.笑
Friendly staff, happy and cozy atmosphere. Delicious food. Consistent. Most of the entrees are under $10, amazing value for the money. SO Much better than Denny's, cleaner, better variety, and more homey! Cool gift store too笑
Nothing like Cracker Barrel. I haven't been here in a long time and I don't know why. I used to go to Cracker Barrel all the time when I lived in another state, but this is my first time to the one in Mesa.  You walk in through a fabulous old country store with old candies and clothing and all types of glassware's and pottery.  You can spend an hour just looking in the store.  Today I am having breakfast for lunch.  Okay they don't have eggs Benedict which is what I'm addicted to. Today I am going to try the pecan pancakes I'll let you know. OMG they are not skimpy with their pecans in the pancakes and the portion  size is huge.  The wait staff are courteous and very attentive. The facility is clean as in all the ones I've been to. Would I come back here again maybe  this Saturday.笑
Love the food and the service have been going to Cacker Barrles for years and every time I go it is just like I'm going for the first time it is so nice.笑
1: Never order an omelete at cracker barrel.

I have been to many cracker barrels growing up, this by far is my least favorite location. It started with me asking the host if they make omeletes at their location. "Of course!" she says. We proceed to sit down and be greated by our waitress, I ask for an omelete with three fixins (four if you count cheese). "I willl see what they can do" she says, so I ask "If its a problem I can order something else", she says "No we can do it!". I receive my plate and see what looks like cheese on a flat egg that was folded with fixings just placed in inside, not melted with the cheese and not part or in the egg. I eat because Im starving and think to myself "Not what I wanted but I will make due". I later receive the bill, each fixin was almost two dollars on a three egg omelete, this was mushroom, bacon, brocolli, and cheese. Everything but the cheese was charged as a full side dish. I go to pay, no one at the register, for at least 7 mins,however many of the coworkers chatting away. Finally someone comes up to the register, "How did you enjoy your meal?" she asks. "Eh, it was ok", I say. Then a shorter woman who appears to be a manager approaches from my left asking "Was something bad about your meal?" I explain my meal to her and she responds "Well omeletes are not on the menu, but at least they tried to customize an order for you " I explain about the hostess and no response. Just a thick air of tension as my girlfriend and I leave.Never again.笑
i had the chicken fried chicken with mashed and sweet corn. I ate it all; damn near licked the plate. it's more of a hometown feel, with very homestyle food - nothing gourmet, but it hits home. i sound like a bad commercial. 

lemme try this again. 
it was good. tasted like "home cookin" with better, which makes everything butter. er well, you know what i mean =) 

the prices are very reasonable, and the ambiance is very family friendly. 
give it a go.笑
Bad from start to finish ! Our server was Alexis , she gave us our menus and took our drink order . She came back a minute later wanting to take our order .. seriously? I need more than 60 seconds to read a menu.. I promise you can have your table back soon enough! She comes back a second time which is when I gave up and ordered the grandpa special. I had a cup of extremely week coffee and was given exactly 3 creamers - seriously ? You need to ration the creamer ? We should have left right then and there . Knowing we were crammed into a table and on an obvious time limit by the waitress we should have walked out ... But no , we stuck it out and ordered food .. I got the 2 eggs , bacon and fixing plate. Eggs were cold and bacon was awful! Seriously , it was supposed to be thick cut bacon ? It was burned and brittle .. never was offered water, or asked how everything was . My husband was given a dirty set of silverware that we sent back . He had a side plate of the same cheap, salty , brittle "bacon". We both left hungry and irritated.  The place was packed , we were chair to chair. So I guess people like it? I know we won't be back. What a waste of money .There are too many places that deserve our patronage .笑
Fred's Playland gives them two thumbs up. Great overall experience. Especially considering we brought them a bus load. That can be extremely challenging. The service was impeccable, The food was served quickly and it was delicious. I especially enjoyed the new Salmon Patties. They got us in and out and we were happy, full and on time. We look forward to visiting again next year on our annual Salt River Trip.

Last year we had a less than grand experience at The Cracker Barrel. They totally redeemed themselves on this visit

Good Job Cracker Barrel!笑
I spent a weekend in Phoenix and I had to stop at a Cracker Barrel in the area at least once so I came here for dinner on the 18th of September. This time I ordered chicken tenderloins (deep fried). I had the choice of three sides so I picked cheesy grits, pinto beans and the vegetable of the day which happened to be cabbage. I was asked if I wanted biscuits or corn bread and I asked for two biscuits. When it came to choose a beverage, I chose an old-fashioned lemonade. The restaurant was moderately busy but the food took only about 10 minutes to arrive. My tenderloins consisted of 6 chicken strips. They were good but I felt they were more indicated for a kid that does not yet appreciates good country style cooking because they were good but they did not have the complexity of flavor of many dishes I tried at Cracker Barrel before. The grits were good: they were light and coarse. There was cheese on them but I could not really taste it. The pinto beans were fairly standard. The cabbage was definitely the highlight of the night. Apparently, it is only available on Sundays. It was boiled in water with ham and it was spiced with black pepper so it was salty and complex in flavor. It was truly a good side. I liked it very much and it filled me up fairly quickly. The biscuits were also standard but somewhat dry. The lemonade was great and extremely refreshing, truly perfect for the Arizona temperatures. Our waiter was nice and she came to check on us many times. All in all it was a good dinner and I will come again but I will try something different from the chicken tenderloins.笑
Likely your best bet for breakfast in this general area for now - which means there is an opportunity here for a locally owned breakfast spot. Lots of small inexpensive spaces for lease in the plaza right next door.笑
Who doesn't like homestyle cooked country food!!!? I'm so glad we decided to give this place a try Sunday for brunch! 

When we arrived there was a line going out the doors, but thankfully our party was already seated when we arrived. We sat down and the waitress came over quickly to take our drinks. The lemonade is so GOOD! It comes it you in a frozen mug and the flavor is just right! We had the option of the breakfast menu and or the lunch menu. I went with the lunch menu and decided to get the Sunday special. The Sunday special consisted of two pieces of boneless chicken breasts, mashed potatoes, steak fries, and a biscuit! The chicken pieces were huge and flavorful and the biscuits were hot and fluffy!!! The mashed potatoes were a little on the dry side (even with gravy) and the steak fries had no flavor. 

Our server was great and very friendly! Definitely coming back! It does tend to get VERY crowded in the gift store part of the store (you have to walk through here to get in or out) so beware of kids running around, people trying to shop, and people trying to get through you to get out of the store.笑
We eat at Cracker Barrel about once a month or so.

So far, the Dobson restaurant beats the Chandler one by a mile. We like to eat out late (open until 10pm Sun.-Thurs., 11pm Fri./Sat.). However, after 8pm or so, the Cracker Barrel on Chandler likes to run out of staples (like chicken and dumplings), but not tell you until they bring half of your meal out. "Oh, did we mention that we're out of the one thing you wanted?" 

Personally I love the fried catfish with crunchy cornmeal coating, green beans, mac & cheese, and fried okra. If you're in the mood for breakfast, the pancakes are good as well, and the bacon is thick cut and well done. I recently discovered that the biscuits and gravy with a side of bacon meal is really cheap compared to a full meal. While I'm not a fan of the biscuits, lots of sausage gravy makes them edible enough. The cornbread is almost as bad as the biscuits. Apparently some people like both, but I can't see it. Cracker Barrel coffee is not that great either, but I drink it anyway. : )

My husband likes the chicken and dumplings above all else, although he'll eat the fried chicken from time to time (DANGER: it's heavy!). 

All in all, if you like Southern cooking, you should give Cracker Barrel a try.笑
I have been coming here for years. Their food is good,  the prices are great. The last time I was here I got the country boy breakfast for $9.99. With this amount of food I had some for later.笑
Was with my besty and she said lets grab lunch, my treat and you don't have to put out, I said girl I am their!! Haha but no really that's how the conversation went down.

She loves Cracker Barrel and I hadn't been in a while so I was excited to go!  We had gone to a movie 1st before we ate so by the time we got there we were starving. We made our way up to the hostess and I guess she could tell we were starving and ushered us to our seats quickly. 

Then we were greeted by our server Mathew, who ladies he is quite the cutie, some small talk went down and movies were discussed told why yes I have seen The Hobbit, it was all the buzz. He got a gleam in his eye and he started riddling me this and riddling me that and then left to get the drinks we ordered. While he was gone I got a.d.d and forget he had just riddled me. He brought the drinks back and was expecting an answer, but I had to confess I already forgot what the exact riddle was.  

Yes, that's really how it happened, then Mathew said oh ladies this really isn't my table, my friend Brandon will be here to be taking over .So Brandon appeared and took our order, the country lovin girl inside me wanted something smothered in gravy and I saw they had Chicken Fried Chicken with gravy! And I paired it up with a sweet potato, mac & cheese and hash brown casserole. I have to say I really dug the sweet potato, it was perfect, the mac & cheese was delsih and couldn't get enough of the hash brown casserole, but what made me a little sad was there was barley any gravy smothering my chicken fried chicken, but man that chicken was good!

I quickly got over being saddened by the missing gravy and ordered me a double chocolate fudge coca cola cake,,,,oooooooommmmmmmmmmgggggggggggggg that cake is sooooo gooooooddddd!!!! 

I have to say for country home-style cooking and lil country store Cracker Barrel is the place to be!笑
Booo.  Pork chop and chicken breast overcooked, tasted freezer burnt. Was informed that it comes in frozen and already cooked and they just heat it up?  Chicken was also underseasoned by a lot.
Cucumbers in salad soggy and translucent.  Apparently kitchen can't identify when produce is on the fritz, which is a concern for me.  Also bad spots on my steamed broccoli.
Portion size was weak!  Thought prices were good until I saw amount of food.
Subpar service.  Manager did comp pork chop, an appropriate response.
Take yourself to Black Bear Diner, where portions are big, same price.  Similar all American type dining experience and good food.笑
Unfortunately for Cracker Barrel, I know southern food  way too well.  Therefore, as a first time eater at their restaurant, I can't say that I walked away as a fan.  I had the meatloaf dinner, hubby had roast beef, and our three friends each had the fried catfish.  I do have to say that the total price for five was under $70.  Now, that's something to write home about.笑
Talk about a cool place. Outside the place are a bunch of rocking chairs line the front. As you go through the front doors, there is a gift shop with lots of toys and candies and items that will bring a blast from the past to you and keep your kids delighted for hours. 

The seating is all nice, the server was great and the food was amazing.  The kids loved playing the peg game that is on every table. Portions were way too big but they were amazing. Comfort food to the max.笑
Cafeteria style food.  The best way to describe the food is old fashion versus rustic or homestyle.  I imagine they just go into the kitchen and scoop the food from a buffet line.  That being said, not amazing quality food but it was decent.  The roast beef was tender and fairly tasty.  My sides were carrots (over cooked), mashed potatoes w/ gravy (lukewarm), and mac n cheese (best item on the plate).  It was perfectly cheesy and gooey without being mushy.

I was not a fan of walking through the gift shop to get to the restaurant and then again walking into the gift shop to pay.  There are too many temptations (candy galore) while waiting in line.笑
I love Cracker Barrel breakfast! I came by here for a quick meal, biscuits and gravy with eggs and bacon! It was selections, quick and served by friendly service. It was very clean in there and busy but I still didn't wait long to eat.笑
If I could go here everyday I would. Home cooked meals for awesome prices. GREAT quality, FRESH food!!!笑
A chain that touts itself as serving old-style, down-home country food.  When you step onto the restaurant's "porch" and see a whole row of new wooden rocking chairs,"gently used" rockers, and a rocking chair wind chime, all laid out as if they were cars at a car dealership, they mean business with their down-home country atmosphere!  The food itself, just OK.  We went with a friend who used to be in the service industry who said that after inspecting the meals we got, most of the items here were mass-produced, and either came from a can or were previously frozen and shipped here.  I tried the breakfast combo that came with eggs, turkey sausage, grits, and hash brown casserole.  They were all decent, not exceedingly superb, but not bad.  The gravy on the biscuits was pretty bland though. As for drinks, the peach sweet tea here is nice, it's not overly sweet, and is actually made with Splenda, while the coffee, just OK, nothing to write home about.笑
I love the gift shop.becor is wonderful. 
Side at lunch yummy. I had chicken fried steak, sawmill gravy is great. Pancakes ,eyes,bacon perfect.
Very nice service,good food and had to take home left overs, .Spent over an hour in gift shop and spent some $$$.
Just a nice meal and visit.笑
Enjoy the Family atmosphere and the old time charm. Jamie our waitress is excellent in her job笑
We just had their sunrise breakfast and an extra bit of bacon and it fed both my wife and I. The meats were wonderful and everything else was served just perfect. The service was excellent and of course you can't beat the price.笑
I didn't eat here. I just went to the country store to buy a rocking chair but the girls in the shop were really helpful! The store smells like the holidays during this time of year. They have a huge selection of candles! I thought everything in the store was reasonably priced for a gift shop. You can find some pretty neat stuff in here. I will definitely be back to get Christmas decorations and candles.笑
Probably out of all the places we ate at on vay-cay this was probably one of my favorite destinations. Right as we pull up the restaurant had a real vintage feel and life to it. Alongside the metal advertising signs and bottled soda in the general store it also contained a genuine wooden porch, complete with big wooden planks, rocking chairs, and cracker barrel's (obviously) 

We put our name's on the list and proceeded to take a look around their store, it was a really interesting range of merchandise from all american apparel (trust me I felt really patriotic there), to toys for the kids, and ASU apparel for the college kids. 

We sat down and took a look at the menu, everyone in my group kept telling me how great their Chicken & Dumplings were but I figured everyone was gonna order it so I could always try it from their plates. I decided to go with the Chicken-Fried Steak  (which came with 3 sides holy crap), sided with: Mashed w/ Brown Gravy, Mac'n'cheese, and Steak Fries. 

When the food came out I noticed my Chicken-Fried Steak was about 60% of the plate.....like disgustingly huge. The sides were a little on the slim side but then again I had 3 of em. A side of cornbread and biscuits & gravy were also provided for us. The steak was a little overdone in my opinion, don't get me wrong it had great flavor but it was a little too crispy for my taste. The mashed w/ brown gravy was tasty. The mac was pretty solid, but the steak fries were bland......had to use quite a bit of ketchup for those.

However the biscuits were super delicious, really fresh and puffy on the inside with a slight hardened outside, dunked with the white sausage gravy and life was good :) I also had a bite of my buddies Chicken & Dumplings which honestly tasted really close to a home made casserole and the chicken was a bit dry, guess I'm glad I didn't order it :) I guess I missed out on their breakfast menu so I'm definitely going to have to try out their breakfast next time I'm in town笑
This place always the best. The food awesome.  The service great. Perfect! And even on sunday we don't have to wait too long to got sit. Better than than the one in Glendale area.笑
We tried to stay away from chain restaurants on our recent trip to the Phoenix area, but relented when we saw Cracker Barrel. There are times when I really can't turn down a chicken fried steak and this was one of them.

Service was good here. My drink never went dry. The other customers were what I always expect from a Cracker Barrel, no matter what part of the country I go to.

Food was good. Nothing wowed me, but everything had good flavor and I ate it all, so I guess that says something. 

They were really close to the new Cubs Park, so it was a good place to go after the game.笑
I always enjoy eating here, simple, good down - home food! Breakfast is my favorite.  There are some misses once in a while in the kitchen or staff at every location  I have been to, but in general... I  love the sweet tea, but get 1/2 & 1/2 so I don't  have too much sugar. The bacon and bisquits are my favorite,  anything else is a bonus and yummy! They have the best green beans if you are there for lunch or dinner.

Waiting for a table? They have a country store full of candy, candles, clothes for all ages, toys, household decor and books on tape that you can rent to listen to while you travel, very cool idea!

I know I love the nostalgia of it too!笑
Been here twice now and have thoroughly enjoyed the experience every time. I've only gone for breakfast.

Staff is always nice and accommodating.

Here's what I've had and how I feel:

Biscuits & Gravy: Delicious.
Hashbrown Casserole: Also delicious.
Fried Apples: Taste like your typical fried apples, which means it's delicious.
Country Fried Steak: Cooked well, crispy, and the added gravy makes the dish
Country Fried Chicken: Just as good as the country fried steak
Eggs: I mean, eggs are eggs. Just order them how you like. 
Steak: Cooked well. I'm picky with my steak so the fact that we paid the cheap price for this steak and I enjoyed it, means something.

Apple cider in a Frozen mug: Get this EVERYTIME. Breakfast, lunch or dinner. It's refreshing and works great with any meal.


Disclaimer: I may have been hungover or beyond ravenous upon my visits here, so this review may be a bit exaggerated.

All in all, it's a great, decently priced breakfast spot.笑
3 hours after breakfast, i'm still paralyzed in bed and too lazy to get up and check what those things we bought were. Not sure, what they're called, but it's like a candy cane basically, a thin stick I think? We bought 8 of those for $1 after our meal, it was supposed to be 20 cents each. But anyways, you get there, and there are a bunch of rocking chairs for you to sit on and play a game of giant checkers, and you can even buy a rocking chair if you'd like.

You get in and, like other reviews, it really is like a gift shop, and then you walk into the back which is a HUGE and clean restaurant that has a great atmosphere and seats plenty. We immediately got our table for two and I ordered the Country Fried Steak Breakfast platter that also came with 2 eggs cooked by my choice, 2 biscuits with gravy, grit (which was sort of plain, but I threw some gravy in to try to make it better, it was my first time trying grit), and hash brown casserole. ALL THAT FOR $7.99!? What the hell, I've never seen a price that great for that much food. My brother got something similar and then ordered a side of sausage patties, which went perfect with my biscuits. I got my order and the first thing I did was make a sausage mcmuffin, the country fried steak was good and so was the casserole, though it coulda been hotter and crispier, but it was still great.

Great food, great price, great service. I won't be eating for another 5 hours probably. Food Coma time, goodnight!笑
First of all if you're watching your weight, this is not the place for you. Otherwise, you'd feel guilty eating everything. The biscuits are warm and moist, and taste so delicious spread with apple butter.  The pecan pancakes are nutty and so tasty that you wouldn't need to spread syrup. The country fried steaks was a little dry, but saturate it with gravy made you forget the dryness of the beef. The country fried steaks was served with two eggs and hash brown casserole, which hashbrown baked in cheese..and was pretty good...its like potatoes and cheeses. Best part about this is that its served in large portion and the price is reasonable.  Now after eating go shooping for cutesy stuff like baby or toddlers outfit or country style rocking chair or candies. .or whatever you need in general store. Cracker Barrel is not only a restaurant it's literally a country store .笑
Great place to eat amazing home cooking. For my husband and I to eat breakfast costs only $20. Very cheap for the amount of food they serve. I wish they offered different flavored creamer for coffee but other than that no complaints. Very tasty. Try it if you never have. You won't be disappointed.笑
If you love old fashioned country food, this is your place! This is the food of the south, it's all yummy comfort food!笑
Not sure what is going on with this location.  We were tired after some shopping and we looked forward to a good meal.  Overall the food was not very good and portion size was on the small size.  Too many things to complain about in a review.  I actually got my main mean on a side plate.  The waitress was great and even helped us pay for a older gentlemen's meal before we left.

My son said the bathroom was disgusting and opted to drive 20 minutes home to go.笑
This was my first time here and I will not be returning the service was horrible we had to wait 45 minutes for our food and the bathroom was very messy I will not be returning don't not come here unless you want horrible service笑
I got here at 4pm today where there wasn't that many people there, which was awesome considering I had a cranky toddler that kept throwing his bottle and crayons.  

The food was awesome and my son had the mac and cheese. It wasn't the regular Kraft mac and cheese which I appreciated (if I wanted him to eat that I would have got the box for $1 at the store and made it myself).  

Service was great, the only dislike was the okra.. a bit too breaded and was more of a crouton than a breaded vegetable. 

Will be back again :)笑
First time here with the family and the experience was great! The food was delicious as we came for breakfast and the atmosphere for the place was very home warming. When you first walk in it's a little store and then as you keep walking you will see the restaurant. The reason I didn't give 5 stars was only because it was cold throughout the whole place and while we were eating, but sure made it feel like Christmas was around the corner.笑
I have been to a lot of Cracker Barrel's over the years and this one is just like every other country style store/restaurant,it was fairly clean,extremely fast service,and friendly staff. I was especially happy because I found a couple DVDs of old 60's/70's shows that I had been looking for and even though they were a little bit more expensive then what they should have been I was still glad to have found them. All in all our experience was good at yet another Cracker Barrel!笑
The staff was great but the food was nothing special. The plates do not look appetizing. I had asked to order an omelet (cheese and ham) and they charged me $9.68. The plate look unappetizing and it tasted bland. The egg was thin,  I only had 5 small pieces of ham, one block of cheese in my omelet. The server was nice but agreed that the omelet was not a good choice. At least I had the biscuits. I guess? 
Side note: As for checking in with the host/hostess they really should have that specifically booth on the other side of the restaurant with a delegate entrance. Having the check out for your meal/gift shop plus host checking is ridiculous when you have elderly, kids and individuals needing to wheel/crutch exit the restaurant in the same area. Too much traffic!!笑
Welcomed even right before closing 
We were looking for something other than fast food and it was about 10 minutes until their closing time. We asked if we could still eat and were told of course. When they said it,we believed them.  Not only the management team but even the waitstaff exhibited this sincere welcome. Frankly we were expecting that maybe we would receive a meal just thrown together but it was as if we were the first guest not the last of the day. Out of appreciation and courtesy,  we were rushing eating but the waitress told us not to worry and enjoy our meal and not to feel like we had to hurry. Refills on tea were offered without asking and everything was done with a smile. Even the cashier who had waited for us to close out was warm and pleasant. By the way our food was delicious  and  cooked the way we asked笑
Typically I like this chain of restaurants and are always consistent in the food quality. The quality of food is mediocre to keep the costs low. The service was not so good on this occasion. My friend ordered a cup of soup with the meal but it didn't show up until after he was done with his main course. Sadly, it was noticed just after the entree was delivered and wasn't delivered to a lot later. The excuse given was "I ordered it and don't know what happened". She should have just gone and immediately get it herself.笑
Great place for that comfort food craving!  Fried okra and haddock can't be beat!  Hubby says they've got the best green beans in Arizona......except for mine! Service was great, prompt and efficient.笑
Stopped their for some dinner on the way home. We ordered and waited for our food to come. On two occasions the waitress came by and said "Your next" about 10 minutes apart. After about a half hour of waiting the manager came by and said the printer didn't print our order and said she would comp dessert for us. Essentially the waitress lied and didn't have a clue where our order was. Really. You make me wait almost 40 minutes and you want to comp me a $3.49 dessert?  They didn't even offer us both one.  If it had been late we have just left. Then when it did come the eggs were cooked wrong. Any other place would have comped the meal or offered a free one. Worst handling of bungled order ever. We will never visit a Crackle barrel again.笑
When we got there the waiter "Jessie" saw us  and approached our table even though he was not the waiter. He did a fantastic job and took over after I said I was already ready to order. The meal was fantastic and the food service was very prompt. He's an exceptional waiter and I commend him. Thanks Jesse.