Very cozy and intimate ambiance. Service was wonderful. Wine was not too pricey and the meat lovers pizza- DAMN that was good. I'm a big fan of thick crust, but this one was crispy and thick! Don't know how they did it, but it was delicious. Cannot wait to go back for more wine and try the other items on the menu. Such a neat little place. 

The only thing I was not happy about was the woman who brought her 3 little kids there as they were RUNNING around the whole place. That really pissed me off. Parents, please do us all a favor and DO NOT bring your kids to a wine bar.笑
Loved everything about this place! Never been to Battery Park but have heard great things about Cha! My husband wanted some good, non-homemade pizza for his birthday so we decided to check Cha out! We are sure glad we did!  My husband ordered a large pepperoni and sausage pizza. He loved it, especially the crust. Everything went together perfectly. The pizza reminded my parents of their childhood and the real, not commercialized and mass produced pizzas of today. We couldn't believe how delicious it was!! I also love the non-pizza options. We had the soup of the day, a delicious red pepper bisque with fennel. My mom and I shared the garlic shrimp and coconut tofu with green curry, both super delicious. My dad loved his Barn Yard salad and that he was able to customize it.  The place smells amazing right when you walk in and the atmosphere is pretty cool. The servers are great and we can't wait to go back and try more!!笑
OK, how much pot did these other reviewers smoke before eating at Cha Pizza? "The best pizza in Cleveland" - really? Clearly these people have never eaten pizza anywhere else in this city.

I can best compare my pizza to a saltine cracker topped with Ragu red sauce, Hormel pepperoni, and grease. Defying culinary physics, somehow the crust tasted simultaneously burned and raw, and the texture as a whole was just...off. Way off. Like, if I were blind and someone gave me a bite of this pizza I'd say, "Why did you hand me a greasy burned cracker with Ragu sauce on it?" Pizza fail, which is impressive considering how difficult it is to make pizza teeter on inedible.

2 stars because they deliver, and Gordon Square is a delivery dead zone.笑
Nice atmosphere,  very similar to the wine bar before it, but now the bar is the pizza production area.

The wait staff seemed a little new but very nice. 

We split a big salad, beet burger, and verde pizza. The veganisms salad ($15) was great. The arugula was flavorful but not harsh as arugla can be sometimes. Ti mistook the tofu for croutons and it was a nice surprise. Dressing enlivened without being too heavy or oily.

The beet burger ($13) itself fell apart easily but tasted great. It came with some of the best fries I've ever eaten, they had rosemary some infused with them.

The verde pizza  ($12) has pesto, argula, and roasted ponlanos. It's spicy. The menu ought warn diners that it's spicy. We ate ours but a couple near us couldn't eat their verde for its heat.

The pizza is a good format,fairly thin crust with a nice crunch. The pizza dude tossed every dough.

Beer selection was ok, but rather high priced for the selection - $7 for a pint of Sweetwater IPA. Dortmunder was reasonable at $4.75

We saw the pizza dude go out for a smoke and come back in and didn't see a hand wash, not that he definitely didnt, but he checked on some pizzas in the oven and then went into the kitchen where hopefully he washed his hands.

Overall a good place with just a few changes will be a full 5 star spot. I'm glad it's here at replaced the ridiculously named YOLO wine bar.笑
Absolutely love this restaurant.  The atmosphere is wonderful; relaxed and kind of romantic.  The service is friendly and attentive, from the moment you walk in the door.  Amazing cocktails and pizza.  Check out their happy hour specials!笑
The only reason this place gets one star is because Yelp made me. 

I don't actually know what the food tastes like. My boyfriend and I awkwardly waited 5 minutes to be seated, then a server never showed up to our table. We sat there for 15 minutes. The only employee to interact with us while we waited was the sweet bus boy who picked up my boyfriend's coat from the floor. 

I was jazzed for some pizza and  cocktails on this rainy November night. Oh well.笑
Great place! I've been there quite a few times now with my boyfriend, family and friends. 

We went right after it first opened, and while the pizza was good, it wasn't amazing. I tried it again about a month later and was happy to find it had significantly improved! The sauce was delicious and had a ton of flavor, they didn't skimp on the toppings and was cooked perfectly. The cheese sticks are also awesome! 

Service is always good, no complaints there and they also have a great happy hour. 


Only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because the wine selection is good not great and the wine glasses are traditional cups like in Italy and not regular "American" versions like you're used to. Not a huge deal but it seems to be a common complaint I hear when asking if people have tried Cha. 

In addition, Cha is 4,000,000 times better than yolo. Yolo was god awful. Food was frozen garbage.笑
Cha is known for its pizza and drinks, but I came here for brunch on a Sunday after reading about the restaurant in an article on brunch places and think it's definitely worth checking out! 

We were greeted promptly upon arriving and the lady who served us was so friendly and enthusiastic! The restaurant is bright and spacious, and it was not busy on the Sunday I went in the late morning time.  We had a wonderful conversation with our server, and she also gave us helpful recommendations in regards to the menu. We ended up ordering the basket of breakfast goodies in addition to skillet entrees. The food was tasty for the most part, but I think the cute presentation of the food here is what really gives this place its charm. The baked goodies definitely satisfied my sweet tooth, and I especially enjoyed the warm beignets served that day! I had the goat cheese and potato skillet, but the potatoes tasted a bit undercooked to me. My friend enjoyed his meat lovers skillet though and was raving about Cha's brunch after our visit. 

Overall, I had a pleasant experience here and would recommend giving its brunch a try. As an added bonus, this place is in a great location near Edgewater so you can make a day trip out of your visit here! Parking is easy, as there is a lot right in front of the restaurant. They also have a make your own Bloody Mary/mimosa bar I might try out next time! ;)笑
Friday night was semi-packed, and we ended up getting lucky and not having to wait for the last open table outside! The sun set was nice, the thin crust pizza was fresh and delicious. Our Waitress was really nice. We will be back & i am glad we found this place in battery park!笑
I really liked Battery Park Wine Bar and was sad to see it go, but Cha seems even better.

I stopped in for a drink with my fiance on a Saturday night and service was decent. We sat at the bar and were greeted pretty promptly and the bartender got our drinks  quickly - a holiday beer for him and a French 75 for me. I was surprised to see that the old bar had been moved and had been replaced by a pizza oven, but...the smaller bar area towards the back of the restaurant seemed to work, too. 

We decided to check out the pizza because the whole restaurant smelled like pizza. We asked the bartender about vegan options, and he told me we could make any cheese pizza with red sauce vegan by omitting the cheese. So we ordered a pie with roasted red peppers, spinach, mushrooms, and roasted garlic. It takes a lot for a cheeseless pizza to impress me, but this was some good pizza. The crust was perfectly done. It had a nice crunch to it and a good flavor. The toppings on the pizza were all fresh, and I especially enjoyed the peppers. 

I hope that this new pizza place has better luck in this space than the last establishment did, because I'd definitely come back for a drink or another vegan pizza. Also notable - there are a few other items on the menu that are vegan without any modifications, including a salad that sounds like it's chock full of vegetable-y goodness.

Worth checking out if you're in the area - and a definite must see if you like pizza!笑
The pizza is delicious, but my favorite part about this place is the awesome warehouse style building with giant windows. Love the atmosphere and design here!笑
This place is a joke. Had dinner there last night and was stewing about it since I left.  The food was terrible, the service was terrible, have the worst stomach ache from the pizza and the sad excuse for a burger. The only person who seemed nice was the hostess. Every body else looked miserable. Waited almost an hour for our food. Fries were cold and the pizza seemed like dominos too me. Fake ragu garbage. I will never eat here again and I am urging everyone else to boycott. Ridiculous prices, bad service, bad food, bad atmosphere. Guess it's Graffiti from now on.笑
came to see if they have happy hour. did not disappoint. starts at like 4 or 5, looks like it's until 7. good mix of foods and drinks. I got a tequila sunrise, which was full of alcohol just the way I like it. and the tofu. the mustard sauce with the tofu is ok, not the best, but reasonable, and the tofu, I know silk tofu is hard to cook with but you guys should really try to use it! I'll be back here again for sure though for the personal pizza and mac and cheese!笑
I feel like Cha is a really underrated pizza spot. Maybe it's the location, or maybe it's the notoriety of other famous local pizza spots, but I think Cha definitely deserves to be visited. 

First off, the location is beautiful. A lovey atmosphere, with the lake in view, is hard to argue with. Also, the servers couldn't be nicer. Very friendly and attentive. On one visit, our pizza was taking longer than expected, and the server brought us a delicious salad to apologize for the wait. Totally not necessary, but we were very impressed by the gesture. 

Then, there's the pizza! Perfectly cooked, and on the thinner side, with lots of great toppings to choose from. The pizzas can start to get a bit pricey if you like piling on the toppings, but Cha also has a pretty reasonable happy hour.

Overall, I think Cha is a great pizza spot that deserves more attention!笑
My husband celebrated his birthday at Cha with 25 guests. The space was perfect  and the pizza and antipasto board were amazing. We have also taken our children there for an early dinner and the servers were great with children and our kids enjoyed coloring on the paper table covering. Also greatnfor take out pizza!笑
A very tasty dinner after visiting the Rock and Roll Museum.  The pizza crust was very light, crispy, and tasty.  We enjoyed the flavors and creamy cheese on the chicken pizza and the pepperoni was very good as well. Great views of the lake too. Very nice staff.笑
I just got delivery from here and they brought me RAW CHICKEN... I tried to call them to inform them of this without simply making it public but no one even picked up the phone. Serving sub par food is one thing, but raw chicken? That's just dangerous to people's health and well being. Whoever is cooking the food at this place needs to check themselves or ownership needs to find someone new. 

Bad job Cha, bad job.笑
Mmmm crunchy pizza.

We stopped here one night, as it's in our neighborhood. And we were happy we did!

Situated in the old wine bar, this place serves stone oven pizza and some great food. We ordered the Spanish and Margherita pizza- both were excellent. The flavors were bold and man, that crust! I love thin crust pizza, but Cha's pizza has this cornmeal or panko encrusted crust that just really gives it a satisfying crunch. Delicious.

I had also wanted the mussels and frites but that night they were out of mussels (sigh). However, we just got an order of frites and it was soooo good. Soo crispy, just like their pizza. I don't know if they double fried it to get to that crispy perfectness, but it was definitely good.

Intrigued by their brunch menu, so I'll definitely have to stop in again. But definitely make a stop here if you're into thin crispy crust pizza! Mmmmmm...笑
We were super excited when we heard they were transforming the wine bar to a pizza and spirits place.  We live in the neighborhood and love having places to walk to.

The food we've had has been decent and better than the wine bar but not necessarily as good as some of the other restaurants in the area.  We have several reasons why we are done going to this place though...
-I've heard that the owner criticized the "type" of people living in the neighborhood.  Really?   Not a good way to attract business.  Really itsa loyal, honest, caring group of people in the neighborhood.
-We asked them if they would join the reward dining program we use b/c many of the restaurants in the area are a part of it and we stay loyal to restaurants in the program b/c it earns us more points. They said they really weren't interested in this.  
-Last time my wife went there they accidentally charged our credit card almost double.笑
Drove up as the first snowfall of the year is laying it on us thick, and was greeted at the door by Barb, one of the owners. Very nice and polite staff, very attentive to customer needs. Barb engaged in random convo with us a few times, not as customers, as humans. I dig that, thanks Barb! I had the SweetWater420 Pale Ale, not bad. 

For being a new place in such a remote area, I hope they do well, its a very cozy setup opposed to YOLO, the previous business. They could drop prices pretty much across the board a dollar, for them and us. People hear about a new place, decent prices, theyre all over it. Like I said, being so remote, some might not go out if their way after hearing some prices are a buck or so above average. Best of luck to them, may they prosper in this growing West Side Of Cle.笑
Horrible service at the bar.
The bar tender was put out to serve 4 of us.
We were deciding on drinks and 1of us asked for water, the bartender didn't acknowledge her request and walked away. Bartender comes back, brings her water, I ask for one too, and I am NOT about running a server or bartender,  I would have asked for water for all 4 of us, had he acknowledged the fist request....his reply to me, with direct and intended sarcasm and irritation was, with his arms thrown up, "anyone else want water ?"
Wow.
We decided to leave.
After reading the reviews today, I'm glad that we did...
Raw chicken served, wine in juice glasses, over an hour wait for pizza..
I'll pass.
The sevice here does not support the prices....some guest service training perhaps.
Won't be back...won't suggest to friends.笑
The thin crust pizza is essential for any visit. Also ask for the wine in the fish shaped bottle it is lots of fun. And reasonably priced.  The pace is friendly and great attentive service. Everyone from the front door to the bar tender and servers go out of their way to make you feel welcome. The entire menu is fantastic.

Try the sliders and mini pizza at happy hour, you will be hooked. Every thing we ordered was wonderful, this is a must see in a really cool neighborhood and a startling view of the lake.笑
I really want to love this place because of the GREAT location, but it's hard to. Service is really average, as is the food. The owner is awkward. I don't hate average, but they charge above average for what you get. The value just isn't there. 

On the plus side, the pizza is pretty good (it is a pizza joint after all). The best Cleveland-pizza on the Near West Side? Absolutely not, but much better than you would find at most places. The simple white pizza with mushroom was great.笑
I was excited to see a new pizza place open close to home that uses a real deck oven instead of one of those conveyer belt monstrosities that everybody uses around town (Edison's). I expected a NY style. I got a weird style that matches Cleveland. It was similar in size and shape to a NY style pizza. The sauce was a more zesty marinara style and the crust was covered in what seemed to be Japanese style panko bread crumbs. I sat at the bar and enjoyed the beautiful interior. There was a good selection of beer. A train rolled by outside and illuminated the flakes with its bright light like the Polar Express. It was a cozy and warm place to be in the winter. It will be a relaxing place in the summer after a long day in the sun at Edgewater Park.笑
Called for take out ten minutes before the published closing time for the kitchen, and I was told that the kitchen had already closed. The person I talked to claimed that on the website, they had published a 15 minute early closing time for take out orders. This turned out to be a lie. Avoid!笑
Ordered delivery here through a 3rd party service. Unfortunately, during delivery the pizza was ruined. We let the 3rd party service know who informed the restaurant. The restaurant went above and beyond by hand delivering a new pizza in the same night. It was delicious and well presented. Will recommend, very impressed with the food and service!笑
What a beautiful setting, across from Lake Erie and in the heart of a great neighborhood.  Great atmosphere and fun place to kick back and relax during the week.  Our server was extremely helpful and made some excellent recommendations. Try the Spanish pizza for sure.  The chef even came out to the table to talk with us.  Susan Walters had a winner here!!笑
I revisited Cha on my birthday for some appetizers and drinks. What a difference a year and a half makes. We were served fries and calamari that seemed to have been fried 3 times. There was a private party in the back of the restaurant that seemed to be taking away from the regular patrons. I had to squeeze myself through people and the server's ordering station to wait 10 minutes to use the one bathroom for ladies. I felt really bad for the servers trying to put orders in due to the party. The owner (who was there) should have moved them away from that area. I witnessed one of the cooks wipe down his counter and then his knife that he used to prepare food. I had really wanted to have their house made ricotta that I had the last time I was there, served with toasted bread but the server had no idea what I was talking about. My margarita was good but my date did not like that he had to drink pinot grigio out of a small drinking glass while others were served in normal wine glasses. You would think that the server would have offered a normal wine glass when he asked why he didn't get one. Terrible service, terrible food and poor management. Won't be back.笑
one, two, cha cha cha
beer and pizza delivered
home pizza coma

"Cha" recently opened in the old wine bar space in Battery Park.  
Winner!
Cool industrial vibe fits the hood. Solid beer and wine selection.
THEY CAN DELIVER BEER WITH YOUR PIZZA!!!! whoa... you read that right!

So let's talk about the pizza.  I had a Margarita to start.  My standard baseline.  Crust gets an A+. Thin, crispy and a nice flavor. Charred juuuust enough in the Blodgett pizza oven -the NYC standard of pizza ovens. 
The red sauce was well balanced. Not too sweet and not too garlicky.  Also, not covered in processed/fake/bland/tasteless/rubbery mozzarella.

Next I ordered the "meat lovers" which killed. Bacon, pepperoni, sausage, oregano. So many times a pizza like this has a grease layer on top, you have to almost drain it before eating it. Not so here.

Quite a few menu options other than pizza. But the pizza is killer.

Did I mention they can deliver your pizza along with beer?
Did I mention they can deliver your pizza along with beer?
Did I mention they can deliver your pizza along with beer?

Carry on...笑
Great food, great service, great folks.  What's not to like!  Get the Mediterranean chef salad and meat pizza...the perfect combo!笑
Solid, different style pizza as it has a unique taste, thin and crispy, good toppings.  Salad was good and creative. Overall solid experience and cool setup, prices are a bit higher than I would like but not outrageous for what they give. Will definitely be back.笑
2nd trip, pizza  and bartender were much better.  Short ribs were pretty damn good.笑
This was my third time there, my boyfriend's second-we love this place. We like to sit in the bar or bar area, very cozy and romantic. Tonight got just pizza-made our own. They were generous with the toppings and the crust was crispy & chewy. He likes thin crust, I like thick-it's a good compromise. I've had the happy hour Mac & cheese before which I loved! Also had the bubbly ricotta previously, good appetizer to share. 

The service has always been great, but tonight Mario was really on his A-game, very attentive and friendly.  Overall, this was another great visit to a restaurant with consistently good food and service.笑
Amazing food. We went for dinner and ended up running into the boyfriends mom and friend. So, we all had dinner together. The pizza was outstanding. We got sausage and roasted tomatoes with mozzarella. So good. The crust was chewy and crunchy and perfect. The sauce was sublime. The sausage wasn't too greasy, and had great flavor. His mom got a bbq chicken sandwich that she loved. The fries were wonderful since she shared with us. Her friend got the Cha Cha wheels. I sampled a wheel, indeed they were delicious. 
With our waiters recommendation we got the French Toast small plate to share. Savory, sweet, and completely tantalizing. This is going to be something I want to attempt on my own and I know it will pale in comparison. I cannot rave about this place enough. We will definitely be back. Plus the lovely location just adds to it. 
Go. Now笑
Went there for a late night snack. Had the tomato basil pizza. It was good. The crust is unique. The crust is thin Italian style with panko crumbs. I would recommend the pizza because it's not overly expensive and the crust is really good. 

 It's a very nice setting. Met the owners and they were really nice. Service is great. I would come back here!笑
I'm not at all sure why this pizza place didn't have pizza on the menu, were we supposed to ask for another menu, as the website makes you do? I only ask because what I ordered was terrible, maybe their pizzas are better if you think to ask for that menu (we didn't). Under the section Big Bowls was a vegan dish that I ordered because I love roasted veggies. BUT NOT COLD, AND BURIED IN A BOWL OF SPINACH. Then they also added these vinegar green beans, yuck. The tofu was fried, cold as if just out of the fridge, just like the cold roasted veggies, horrible. That dish was so cold, haphazard and uninspired it was annoying. The service was so slow, we could not get out of there in under 2 hours and practically missed our event. What's worse, by the time I ordered my third glass of wine (I told you the service was slow), happy hour prices were gone YET I WASN'T TOLD THAT. The experience was a big waste of money. Wait, did I tell you they serve wine in tumblers? She corrected me that I wanted a "stem" glass after I asked for a wine glass for that final wine. I won't go back.笑
Great place that delivers awesome scenery, great drinks and the food is filled with passion! You must stop by here!笑
Ordered a shrimp appetizer took over and hour to get it. The shrimp was so overcooked it was like chewing on an eraser. Was not impressed and will not be back.笑
First time at CHA with my hubby and another couple. We were all in love with the atmosphere which boasted lots of exposed brick, a large dining room, and a semi-open kitchen with a bar that hugs a huge pizza oven. A nice cozy spot in BP. The service was great, there was a nice wine selection, and the food was yum! We ordered the delicious ricotta appetizer and calamari (cooked perfectly and with a spicy kick) to split. Dinner was pizza, salad, and the beet burger for me. My husband is a pizza snob and absolutely loved the pizza. I thought the beet burger was a great veggie option (vegan w out the bun). The cons would be that the wine glasses aren't wine glasses and I like wine glasses dammit. Also they have these high bar chairs that you have to sort of hoist yourself into...no bueno. Finally when we got our check, and I know it sounds silly, but my hubby was mad because they charged $2 for an extra cup of sauce. Just give your customer a side of sauce. Overall though, two thumbs up from all four of us, and we're looking forward to trying the brunch!笑
Place was packed. Patio was full and only a couple seats were open at both bars. 

Great place to go after a walk at 78th Street art gallery. 

Pizza was excellent. Ordered Meat Lovers. Was crisp and hot. They use high quality toppings which adds to price. Waited a bit for pizza, but was worth it.笑
We have been to Cha many times - the Best pizza in Cleveland - you have to try it to understand.  Great ambiance and great staff.  A winner!笑
The food was excellent, the service was great and we never had to wait for anything which included refills and clearing our dishes.  Great view, and a nice drink selection.笑
My boyfriend & I were in last night for the first time. I must say it was one of my favorite dining experiences thus far with him. Start to finish it was nothing short of excellent. We were greeted by Barb & Diane who smiles & friendly manner were contagious. I immediately fell in love with the ambiance of the entire establishment from the location to the decor. Myself being born & raised in Maryland I LOVE seafood, standard of course. We started with the garlic shrimp, skeptical being at a pizza kitchen but it was exceptional! The dish was served with bread that we later used to dip in the sizzling skillet of garlic sauce. I then ordered a house salad that had the freshest red peppers mixed in with chickpeas & a bed of lettuce served with fresh mozzarella on top! We finished the meal with a classic pepperoni pizza but it was anything but classic. The brick oven style pizza made the crust phenomenal. I would have eaten the the entire 12" pizza if I hadn't indulged prior. Thank you CHA for a evening of love, laughter, & an outstanding dining experience. I highly recommend this establishment I kept referring to it as a hidden gem & that is exactly what it is!笑
Ordered take out and spoke with a wonderful friendly woman on the phone. We got the large Gorgonzola pizza ($20) and 'big bowl' Morocco Bound salad ($13.) The pizza was amazing and will make me come back for more! The salad was good but seemed a little over priced for what you receive. 

I definitely will order pizza again and when I picked up I liked the ambiance and atmosphere so want to eat in as well sometime. The staff was very friendly upon pick up as well.笑
Stopped by tonight.  Cool building,  has potential,  especially in summer. Pizza was thin crust style and slightly above average. Would eat it again but wouldn't  go out of my way. Drink prices seem a shade high but the brightside is they have a nice little happy hour with good prices.  I'd go here again IF I were in the area.  Not sure I'd go out of my way,  since they are new though,  they could turn this into a Hotspot.笑
Cha is somewhere my boyfriend and I always go to. We know the food is consistent and tasty. It's a fun date night place and never extremely crowded. Their pizzas are to die for. They're fancier pizzas, in comparison to say Dominos. We always recommend cha to out of town era or anyone looking to try a new restaurant in the Cleveland area.笑
One of my favorite pizza places in Cleveland. It is cozy and inviting inside. The pizzas are thin crust. They also have great cocktails.笑
First, the good:  The food, especially the thin crust pizza, is quite good.  It is in my top 3 for pizza in Cleveland.

 The bad:  Every time we go they seem to really struggle with service.   We've watched our food sit on the counter going cold while servers meander about chit-chatting.  We've seen the bartender literally have a tantrum and walk out in the middle of the shift, leaving the wait staff to cover.  And even when it's nothing so dramatic they are consistently slowish.

This place is very close to me so I want to support it (and do) but I've kind of converted to "carry out only" unfortunately.笑
The new ownership has done what most people who visited when it was the Battery Park Wine Bar hoped would happen - they moved the bar (by the lakeside windows!), they expanded the kitchen to provide food up to the standards of the drinks (!) AND -- they installed high quality pizza ovens!! 

There are hits and misses on the menu and with the service. Some outstanding, some mediocre - but when they hit it, they hit it out of the park. 

I attribute the mediocre stuff to growing pains and expect the servers who don't bring plates/utensils/water and kind of bland wagon wheel mac & cheese will disappear - leaving just the fresh salads, perfect pizzas and tasty bites that are getting better with every visit.

The meat lover's pizza is a total winner. Their crust has great flavor and just the right amount of crunchy cornmeal on the bottom ... this Jersey girl has to have pizza I can fold - and Cha gets it right.

The dining room seems a little hectic right now -- there's a lot of wait staff dodging edges of tables -- so the traffic flow may need some refining. But there are definitely some great servers here and the owner is committed to being our go-to place in the neighborhood. Which makes for a really upbeat atmosphere and warm welcome. Pair that with some good wine and a great pizza - and Cha is quickly becoming a favorite.

Plus - they offer delivery - and can deliver wine with your pie!!笑
Pizza was decent by the time we got it. Took 45 minutes for appetizers to come out and another hour for the pizza. When we asked what took so long, response was "our oven can only hold so many pizzas."  Not good for a pizza place starting out. Beer selection shown on menu was missing almost everything. One and done for us.笑
Aside from the raw chicken we read in the review. . . We needed to try it out ourselves... The meat lovers pizza and pin wheel pasta was so delicious we could not even finish what we ordered. The beer selection was great but a little over priced. Will definitely be back!!笑
The only reason I am giving this place two stars is because the food was pretty tasty.  We had a table of two outside on a Saturday night in late June.  We completely understood that we would have to wait a bit for both service and our food & drinks.  But it took 10-15 minutes before our waitress even approached our table.  Immediately we heard the excuses about how they were understaffed.  We each ordered a Moscow Mule and were told that they could make the drinks but they didn't have copper mugs.  Something inside me told me to switch to a beer but I stuck with the Mule.  It was one of the worst I've ever had - no trace of vodka, way too sweet, was not the refreshing cocktail I had anticipated.  And to top things off... we found out when we received our bill that the drinks were $12 each...

We ordered the barnyard salad, rosemary fries, and build your own pizza with chicken, bacon, jalapenos. The food was all pretty good but the prices are a bit over the top for this restaurant.  The measly salad was $15 and the pizza was around $23.  So total tab for 2 drinks, pizza, salad & fries was near $80 with tip.  You would think we were eating in Lower Manhattan...笑
We almost went somewhere else because we were having such a difficult time finding it due to construction on Father Frascati.  Note: Just take 73rd from Detroit.  It takes you right to the restaurant.  I am so glad we made it here!  The atmosphere is very nice and intimate and they have a great patio.  They were quite slow, but it was a Sunday and there was the construction issue.  To start with, they have a good craft beer list and a good wine list.  We started out with the coriander crusted tofu appetizer which was very good, but we all felt it could have used a bit more of the miso glaze.  The pizzas were outstanding.  Different than NY style, Chicago style, or the "Cleveland" style which tends to be fairly thick.  The crust was cornmeal (I think) and it was super crispy and soft inside and cooked perfectly.  My sister and I split a vegan pizza which we made up ourselves and the husband had the puttanesca.  I tried his and it was delicious, as was ours.  I really enjoyed the red lotus garlic spread which they put on it.  The toppings were fresh and delicious and the sauce was great.  The crust was perfect as previously mentioned and it stood up well to the toppings.  It didn't get soggy at all.  Best pizza in Cleveland?  Quite possibly.笑
This was stop #1 for a networking event pub crawl, and I can't wait to return! They have an outdoor dog friendly patio, located in battery park with ample parking. There were pizzas, charcuterie boards and more appetizers for us, and they were all delicious.  The pizzas were light and airy, which is a nice change of pace to all the flatbread places around. The staff were doing a great job taking care of our big group, and I only heard positive things from our group of previous experiences. It's also within walking distance to a few other restaurants/bars, so it made for a perfect multipart evening stop.笑
First time here tonight. The hostess didn't seem to know what she was doing. Told us she would seat us at an open table but then ignored us for 10 minutes. The restaurant was very warm, uncomfortable. Waitress was slow and impatient. When the pizza finally came out it was lukewarm. They ran out of water glasses and their draft beer system was broke. Not an enjoyable evening.笑
We will be back! We were on a family date for Mothers Day; two adults and two calamari-lovin' 8yr olds. It was a Sunday, so half-price bottle of wine special for Mom (okay, and Dad). The kids split a 16oz bottle of fancy root beer. The calamari will bring us back; perfectly tender. I like french fry flavored french fries, but the others got the rosemary fries and I thought they were very good; the rosemary was a hint of flavor, not an overpowering over seasoning. I had the seafood pasta (brothy, not creamy, hooray), which had more of that calamari, along with shrimp and mussels; also perfectly tender. Dad had a beef sandwich and took half home. The girls had the small plate mac n cheese and took some home. Prices were reasonable, we were actually expecting higher, given the quality and being surrounded by gentrified neighborhood. We'll have to try the pizza next time. We're looking forward to sitting on the patio on a warm summer evening.笑
I honestly have no idea how their food is. A solid two hours before closing on a Friday night, we called to place a pickup order for a pizza and were told they weren't taking any more pizza orders because they were out of ingredients. There wasn't any kind of event going on at Edgewater and it was a touch rainy so I honestly have no idea how they failed so hard.笑
Stopped in here to meet an old friend on a recent visit to my beloved home town. Ate at the bar; service was first-rate. I had many questions about the craft beer selections.

Had a simple pepperoni and a margarita that was so good I didn't mention the problem with the spelling. Sauce & toppings were good, but you don't drive to specific places for sauce & toppings, right? Pizza and crust were made & cooked to perfection. I could eat with nothing on it. If I ever go back to Cleveland, I will return for more, maybe try the brunch on Sunday.笑
I have dined twice at the restaurant and have been very impressed with the atmosphere, food, and service.  I intend to be regular.  BRAVO!笑
I totally dig the vibe of this place. It's rare for people to talk about and I seriously have no idea why?! The location is so pretty: from the views of the Lake, the outdoor patio, the inside décor, etc....It just makes me feel so comfortable.

Let's talk about the food though...THAT PIZZA! I don't know if I thought it was so delicious b/c I had consumed a drink during happy hour or what, but hello...how is this not more busy? The pizzas are a thin crust that can be topped with a variety of upscale toppings. My friend and I split one that had mushrooms, prosciutto and basil on it. Heavenly. We were with two other girls who also said their pizzas were delicious. One even took her leftovers to tailgate for an Indians game where she said it was a complete hit with her friends. I haven't tried anything else there foodwise other than the pizza, but I've heard good things about the appetizers. 

I will definitely be going back here soon, especially since that fun new brewery opened next door (they don't serve food there). :)笑
Great food, great service, great atmosphere. The real bar is in the back; don't be fooled by the now not-a-bar in front if you're looking for bar seats.笑
This quite possibly maybe the worst restaurant in Cleveland.
Immediately upon arriving the owner was at the front door and asked if we where looking for the brewery next door. 

We should have been. This was only the beginning of a horrific experience.

The menu has six draft beer selections and several bottles.  We were told only two were available, we ordered two and the taste was off. We sent them back and the bartender (probably the nicest employee) there apologized and said they we are out of beer gas.
We tried the second pour. Horrible off taste again. 

We walked to the bar as our server could care less and requested a few bottles. They had only one bottle of each that we requested and almost none that were on the menu.

We ordered house Salad to share,which was missing some the ingredients.

No explanation or apology.

At that point our server cleared our menus and we had to remind her we hadn't ordered yet. 

We ordered a margarita pizza and a pepperoni pizza ..we inquired if the margarita was red sauce or just oil & garlic ...we were told we could have with oil & garlic.

As we were waiting we heard the kitchen say "86 margarita". I thought they would come over and ask us if we wanted to place another order.

Instead they tried to pass off a pizza with very little to no fresh mozzarella.  A dry cracker is more satisfying. 

The kitchen is open and the cooks could here us complain and said that because we requested "oil and garlic" that it  did not come with much cheese.

Which makes no sense. We knew why! They didn't have it.
We asked for  just a normal cheese pizza. 

We were told 7-8 min. More like 20 minutes passed. 

When our pizza finally arrived they were turning away customers and trying to close. 

The server who never inquired If we were now satisfied, tool the Parmesan and crushed pepper off the table as we were eating .

When I told her we were still using those she replied "oh you don't have enough cheese still?"
It was incredibly rude. 

She then came up to the table again and asked if we were done while we were eating. 

They clearly wanted to close. 

As we ate our last slice she swooped in and tossed the bill. 

No apology, no thank you. Nothing. 

I really do not enjoy posting this, but I think they and others should know. 

Bad customer service, bad food and drinks and completely rude staff. 

Do not eat here!笑
The pizza is superb. The cornmeal and the crunchiness combined with the excellent sauce makes the pizzas great. The service was good. The wine and beer selection was good. I'm glad they put the bar by the lake and took advantage of the view. The price for a bottle of wine, however, was too high for a pizza place. $50 for a bottle of wine is wine bar price. In my opinion, there should be more $20ish options and more italian wines. Overall, the place is a hit and worth the night out in a great area!笑
There's no doubt about it--the pizza here is delicious. As is the backwards artichoke dip that we ordered as an appetizer. It's bustling in the back near the bear, but rather intimate at the front, where they offer smaller, candle-lit tables. I could see myself coming here after work or for a romantic date. While I wish the prices were a $1 or $2 cheaper, I'll still be visiting Cha again in the near future for sure.笑
Excellent pizza. The trick is a mix of three flours and a crust coated in panko that gives it a nice textural crunch. You have a choice of tomato or white base and both were delicious. The Gorgonzola pizza was my favorite.笑
Food is good. Service is not so good. I have had issues with service both eating at the restaurant and getting food delivered. Today it took an hour and half to get food delivered (an hour past the promised time) because they initially forgot to deliver it until I called and then I still had to wait about half an hour from that call to get it. As can be expected the pizza was cold upon arrival but I wasn't going to call again as I was starving. ** To update the owner did later call to apologize and gave me a gift card after she found out what happened so at least she is trying to get things in shape. I wish her luck as I do like the food.笑
Food fine.  An hour and half for food...ugh.  third time I have been here first poor service...kitchen was busy but no excuse.笑
First time ordering delivery. Pizza is phenomenal!!!!! Service is excellent, excited to visit for dinner.笑
Pizza was pretty good.  Appetizers are overpriced.  
The location is in a very nice area, but you'll have to drive through some shit areas and crappy roads to get there. 
Why are the glasses so small?笑
Ate here the other day. There is no parking, the lot was completely full. This may have been due to the concert at Edgewater as Cha was not that busy. Anyway, we ordered drinks and then placed our orders (three of us). It took forever for food to come up. Our waiter stopped by a few times to say just a few more minutes. Then he must have been busy with tables on the patio. Meanwhile, our orders sat there for a good ten minutes until my friend flagged down another waiter and asked him to bring our food over. By then it was cold. It was good but would have been better hot, of course. 

You gotta figure out why the kitchen took so long with our orders and why the whole staff just let them sit there - not a good policy.笑
We arrived in time for Happy Hour, so the prices we paid were quite reasonable as there were discounts on drinks as well as food.  This is definitely a "destination" venue as you wouldn't stumble across it by accident unless you're in Battery Park itself.  (Side note:  I'm not a local and the Battery Park I'm used to is in Manhattan, but this neighborhood bears a striking resemblance to the set of Jim Carrey's "Truman Show" in terms of starkness and uniformity).  The pizzas were quite tasty and have their own style but very close to good Brooklyn NY higher end pies.  The only oddity is whatever is on the underside of the crust.  It didn't seem like just corn meal and the closest my friend and I could describe it as burnt garlic bits.  Or it might be toasted panko.  Not an issue.
We also had the calamari appetizers which were light yet crunchy and the garlic shrimp which was tasty.  The usual over abundance of craft beers (I'm not a hoppy beer fan) but fortunately they also carry Guinness so I was saved!  Staff very friendly as stated by others.笑
I loved this place as the Battery Park Wine Bar and I like it just as much as Cha. I've only been to happy hour but have not been disappointed.

I like the wings and flatbreads most of the foods. The lemonade drink in the happy hour menu is refreshing, esp if you're on the patio taking in the lake and nice weather. It's dog-friendly on the patio too, which is nice.