I always forget to do a review for here so here goes~

I must say this is the cheapest and possibly the freshest and yummiest vietnamnese buns you can get in Markham/Scarborough!!

Everything you get here is relatively cheap under $5 and taste so good too. 

On the other hand the service  you get isn't the brightest .. But this is  just a takeout place so.. Don't expect much from them !   

[Must try the desserts they have to offer] cause they so good ~~笑
A+ for it's quick and inexpensive banh mi. I normally pick up a few of these bad boys because they range from $2.50 - $4.00 with tax already included in the price. Service isn't quite there because the sandwich artist has gotten mad at me for being indecisive and/or changing my order. But I can't really complain due to the low prices. Always going back for more.笑
I've only been to the one in Toronto Chinatown but their Vietnamese sandwiches are the best ! tHEY  even have vegetarian ones with tofu inside. I love them and they're only $2.50.笑
I ordered the BBQ chicken banh mi. At first when I saw how plain it was as they put it together, i was disappointed but then I bit into it. The bun was so fresh. It tastes so different when they're made fresh and the flavour of the spreads was sooo good. We also had other items from the cold section which i forgot the name but it was amazing as well, especially the dips.笑
I've actually been here more than two check in's, so don't let that fool you. I've been coming here before I even got a data plan on my smart phone.

I've honestly never had Vietnamese sandwiches anywhere else, and I've also tried another location of Nguyen Huong and it was totally delicious.

I can say this review is pretty fresh as I had actually picked up two sandwiches before heading home today. My go to sandwich is the BBQ chicken one, so delicious. The sandwich is never dry, the ingredients always taste fresh and the bread has that perfect harmony of a flaky crust and super soft and moist inside. I recommend warming up the whole sandwich when you get home before consuming, it just takes it a whole other level.

Aside from sandwiches, they also have a variety of fried foods to choose from, prepared meals, packaged Vietnamese meats and desserts (which im not sure if it's made in house).

Unless there is another Vietnamese sandwich place as good as Nguyen Huong, I don't see myself really going anywhere else to pick up a meal as good as this when I'm craving it.笑
Awesome place for some take out. Deliciously cheap banh mi. Also love the banana cake with coconut; other sweet treats are nice too.
You can eat your face off here for less than $5笑
Went here for a quick lunch while near Steeles and Middlefield. For about two bucks, you can get a Viet sub (bahn mi) with cold cuts, veggies, and the delicious sauce. Evidently, I'm not an expert with Vietnamese cuisine, but you honestly can't go wrong with such a good deal. Customer service is speedy, efficient and friendly. When I come back, I'll definitely try more of the menu.笑
Unfortunately way to far to drive from Mid town,,but the sandwich (BBQ Duck-spicy) was amazing! and it only cost $3.00 which is even more amazing. Bread totally fresh, ingredients too, had not eaten the duck before, usually have the pulled pork,but this was much tastier,  made fresh while you wait, can't wait till next time.笑
I have been buying banh mi from them since the 90s in China town, and am so glad that they opened a store in Markham. They have quite a few different kinds of banh mi, all good imo. Love their honey garlic sausage and their desserts. I haven't had anything that is bad from them yet.笑
I have frequented the Nguyen Huong chain of Vietnamese food shops since I was a toddler at their flagship/original location in China Town.  Every weekend, back in the 90s when there wasn't a prevalent Chinese population in Scarborough and every Chinese family would have to make that trek down to China Town, fight for parking and load up on groceries.

I am so glad that they have opened up other locations, especially one closer to home.

You will find various subs, Vietnamese cold cuts, pre-made wraps (best consumed on the day of purchase), and desserts.

You do not want to leave pre-made wraps overnight because the rice paper will harden and it won't be as tasty.  My only complain is that the pre-made wraps are sloppily thrown together and not wrapped properly.  I also don't like that they use the thicker variety of vermicelli as texturally it doesn't mesh.  I would much prefer a thinner vermicelli.  However, for around $3.50 per tray (4 rolls), you will be thoroughly stuffed, and the ingredients are quite fresh and not too fattening (basil, lettuce, Vietnamese sausage/shredded pork/shrimp, vermicelli) and come with dipping sauces (either Fish Sauce or Hoisin-Peanut Sauce).

I really like the Che Dau here, which is a dessert made from glutinous rice, black eyed peas and coconut milk.  It is quite filling, and oh so yummy!

If you're tired of salami, ham and other sorts of everyday deli meets at the groceries store, purchase some of their Vietnamese Fried Chicken Sausage (which you can slice and use as cold cuts).  Or Gio Lua (the pork variety) are also good. 

Cash only.

I heart Nguyen Huong!笑
I was ecstatic when I first found out that Nguyen Huong was opening another branch uptown. It brings a sense of nostalgia, as I grew up going to Nguyen Huong in Chinatown when I was younger for their Banh Mi and delicious desserts.

Out of all the Banh Mi I've tried around the city, in Chinese supermarkets, this shop offers the most consistent quality and taste. They're offered in a variety of different subs, including assorted cold cuts, grilled pork sausage, chicken, meatballs, BBQ pork, made fresh on the spot. They'll ask you if you want the pork pate and/or peppers. I usually hold off on too much butter and pate.

As mentioned by Yvonne T., the pre-made white spring rolls isn't quite solidly wrapped. It falls apart after a couple of bites and I find myself in a mess. Though made fresh, I personally avoid purchasing this from here.

You can also purchase the cold cuts separately, if you want to make your own subs at home. You can choose the fried Vietnamese sausage (Cha Chien) or steamed version of it (wrapped in banana leaves) and the grilled BBQ pork sausage (Nem Nuong). 

The desserts are amazing. Though from what I noticed, it is no longer offered in the Spadina location. One of my favourites is the big round balls, filled with green beans and covered in coconut milk. 

I don't think there will be anything stopping me from coming back here again. Love this location!笑
Prices range from $2.50 to $4.00 a sandwich tax included. Tastes pretty good, but not much filling is given. A long slice of cucumber, some pickled carrots and cilantro. Don't think I can complain for the price, but I think I've tasted better, and wouldn't mind paying a little more for something tastier and with more filling.笑
Living downtown near Banh Mi Boys means that I've eaten my fair share of banh mis there. Wanted to try a non-fusion style banh mi so I came here for the pork banh mi. Filling but not too heavy. Must get it spicy, otherwise it's a little bland. But for 3.50, taxes included, it's like half the price of a BMB Banh Mi. Now that's value! Funny story, the person ahead of me ordered 18 banh mis, luckily another person came and made mine so I didn't have to wait, but that's how good and economical this place is!笑
Cold vermicelli plates are the way to go for healthy and delicious lunches that so cheap that you could eat them every day of the week! Never tried their buns,  actually.  Will do soon!笑
Nguyen Huong Vietnamese Sandwiches used to be just in downtown Chinatown but have long since set up shop in Markham beside  T & T at Middlefield & Steeles. 

You will find an assortment of freshly made Bánh mì (sandwiches)

Fresh Bánh mì comes in classic cold cut, chicken, sausage, pork, meatballs or vegetarian. 

One very tasty & authentic cold cut sandwich can be purchased for $2.00.

There are also other random snacks & dessert items that are quite good & really you cannot go wrong with whatever you get from this place.

This shop takes cash only.笑
$3.50 for BBQ pork bun -- delicious 
Bread is fresh. Cash no tax!
Cold cuts are cheaper and they make it fresh!

They also have platters with noodles and other stuff... Looks amazing, I'd definitely try it next time I go there.笑
Stopped by for a sandwich.  Usually pick up pre-made ones at Foody Supermarket.  But buying a fresh one directly from Nguyen Huong - tastes so good.  Bargain at $2.50.

Also picked up some spring rolls.  Very tasty at $1.25 each.

Bought the pre-packaged "mon" at $4.50.  One came with noodle, bean sprouts, spring roll, sausage and bbq meat and dipping sauce.  Turns out portion is huge and can easily feed 2.

The other "mon" came with sausage, meat and noodle and was very good as well.

Store is a little out of the way now that T&T has closed down.  But very good value and fresh tasting food to be had each time we head to the Walmart Superstore.  

All out of shrimp rolls when we went at 5pm.笑
Honestly don't know why I havent wrote a review for Nguyen Hong yet since this is literally my backyard. 

Food: Nguyen Hong has THE best banh mi hands down and its also super CHEAP! For literally $3 you can get a fresh 6in sub. My family has been coming here for years and always get the meatball one but I personally like BBQ pork/chicken. Their desserts are also interesting, but I prefer the hot ones to the cold. But seriously, $3 no tax viet subs!!

Service: It's takeout and the ladies behind the counter are a little sassy, but hey, can't expect much. They speak vietnamese, cantonese, and english. Don't come right at 10 when doors open because they wont be ready yet. Don't also come before close cause they would only have the cold cut sandwich.笑
I had their sandwiches for breakfast again recently and I had forgotten how much I love this place.

Whenever I come here, I stock up a week's supply of sandwiches for me and family, so probably 10+ sandwiches... We order the #1 as these are already prepared. And when we're ordering like 10, this option is fastest and I walk out in 5 minutes. 

The #2 is the #1 but spicy... "It really burns" kinda spicy. 

The other sandwiches need to be prepared when you order those. 

I have not tried any other sandwiches except the #1 and #2 (which are $2 per) but they are sooooooooooooo delicious that I don't mind. The ham is amazing. I toast it for breakfast and you can have it cold. Also really messy when toasted... I eat this on the train when I go to work and I look like the happiest kid devouring it.

OH AND... NO SEATING. It's not a restaurant! It's like a subway restaurant without the tables. But it also sells desserts and drinks and other Viet coolness that I'm curious to try.笑
Love that there is a place uptown to get fresh made Vietnamese subs.  They're probably not all that good for you with the salt and nitrates in the meats, but man... so tasty!!  For $2, you get the assorted sandwich which comes with the meats, and pickled turnips and carrots in either a spicy or non-spicy version.

There is also an assortment of Vietnamese appetizers, desserts, meals that you can get like fresh rice paper rolls, bun, etc.  The deli counter at the back lets you get just the deli meat (Vietnamese sausage, etc) so you can make your own meals at home.

I like to drop by to grab a cheap take out lunch, and to stock up for the next day.笑
Nearly identical to the downtown location in quality, price, and offerings. There are however a few tradeoffs. It's in a great location away from the condensed streets of downtown, which means it's nowhere near as busy. This can be good and bad. Good because you can get in and get out without worrying about traffic, parking, and bumping into a billion people on the street and in the store. Bad because they don't have as much supply as their Spadina sister. I went there at around 7:30 PM and they were about 10 sandwiches away from being cleaned out completely. Luckily, I was able to snag the last two sausage banh mi for dinner.笑
$2.5 for a Vietnamese sandwich the size of my arm? Say no more ! 

This was my first time ever having Vietnamese sandwiches. I didn't expect much coming to this location. However, I was pleasantly surprised by the cleanliness of this place. It has two sections. One where they had friendly staff making per order sandwiches. The other side with pre-made meats, Vietnamese desserts, spring rolls, and vermicelli meals. I've never had Vietnamese sandwiches before this. I ordered the special Vietnamese sandwich. The sandwich was flavourful and filling. And for $2.50 each? What a steal !笑
Great "cheap-eats" for a traditional bahn mi. For only $2.50 you can have the original assorted cold cut with pickled radish/carrots and cilantro! These sandwiches are the classic staple lunch that I grew up on and continue to eat. I typically buy the packaged ones from large grocers and decided to check out the fresh ones from the store. I have to say I'm excited about the large variety of meats you can put in the sandwich & of the store overall but I just wish shopping here was more inviting. The staff just kind of watch you as you look through everything wondering what half this shiz is with no guidance. I'm not Vietnamese so a majority of this food is unknown to me! I would like to order some desserts but there are only English labels of the main ingredient in them! I had no idea if these white chunks in another package were a type of noodle or something else. I had many questions and no one willing to help! I almost purchased a $12 pack of rice cake (maybe?) thinking it was the meat block as they are both packaged in leaves. Nonetheless, we ordered the cold cuts, pork floss and sausage bahn mi's which were all tasty in their own way. Since these are fresh sandwiches the bread gets stale ASAP! I might have to stick to the packaged ones from the grocery store to last longer.

This plaza is also ridiculously busy, it's impossible to find a spot near the entrance as herds of people are trying to enter the T&T Supermarket.笑
Good selection!! Good prices!!

I often order the shredded pork, and the regular vietmanese subs. Spicy is pretty spice !!

Spring rolls at the back counter.. a bit expensive but good and tasty.  I think it was $1.25 each笑
The perfect quick and cheap lunch spot if you're in the area. This is gonna be my go to place from now on. 

Came here to grab a quick lunch. The service was incredibly fast; we were in and out of the building in 3 minutes. 

I ordered the BBQ chicken banh mi. For $4 it was a solid deal. The cold cut is even cheaper for $2.50. The sandwich itself tasted pretty good. At that price you can't really complain. I recommend buying 2 for yourself if you're really hungry. 

Overall 4/5. It's not the best banh mi I've had but it's the cheapest and doesn't compromise on the taste.笑
I heard about Nguyen Huong Vietnamese Sandwiches for years... 

Before they used to be just in Chinatown..or you can get their sandwiches in some supermarket(which tasted not good at all and get can stale by the time you eat them)

This is right next to T & T at Middlefield. When I walked in this store I am in heaven!! Basically I like to eat everything here! Yes everything.. 

- freshly made sandwiches!!
I prefer order my sandwiches fresh (you can choose chicken, sauage, bbq pork, veg, meatballs or the classic cold cut) and I can custom order what I prefer! usually NO pate and extra pepper.. (extra extra pepper)
- fresh spring rolls
I like to order their spring rolls to go with my sandwich... you can pick meat or veggie
- Desserts
They have a good selections of dessert pastry right at the cashiers..ok why put it there.. so I can see them and buy them!
And they have the sweet soups desserts.. for $1.50! and so many to choose from... all my co workers love them!
- Vietnamese cold cuts
Anything you can think of or some that you don't..
- Prepackaged food
Cold meat or sauage with noodles and fish sauce, steamed rice noodle rolls with meat

And everything priced so good!! 

You have to go to see it yourself!! 

Thanks Nguyen Huong for openning up in the suburbs for us!!!

CASH only!笑
I usually visit the Middlefield location & go for their cold noodle salads or pre-made Banh Mi sandwiches, which are always fresh and are even good for a few days in the fridge (toasting Banh Mi = taking something good & making it BETTER)

I loooove trying out their rice noodle variations. Sometimes the noodles get a little dried out, but all it takes is a little poke test on the pre-wrapped combos to find the softest, freshest batches. My favs are the sheet versions, whether as noodles or as Banh Cuon (rolled rice crepes filled with pork, wood ear mushrooms). Almost everything comes with green onions/bean sprouts, a sweet/sour fish sauce, and pork.

Excellent pricing & no tax! Must be why I come back almost every week ;)笑
I always come here to get the sandwiches. They are more like Vietnamese subs. I don't think you will find any other places that has better Viet subs. They are made fresh and come in different varieties. They are good fresh and sometimes I eat them later by heating them up on a pan. They sell other foods but I have yet to try them. Prices are great too and range from about $2-4 per sub. Cash only and they do not charge taxes. Awesome.笑
Nguyen Huong in Chinatown is a must go place whenever my family went to Chinatown in the past, but not anymore after they open a new one on Steeles.  Esp it's so near to my office that I can go whenever I want a viet bun.  I love their bbq sausage bun the most.  Bun always freshly bake.  I love the crispy texture of the bun.  Also I like the viet style sausage in front of the cashier, everytime I will grab a few before paying.笑
Yummy!  I've been eating their Bahn Mi for decades.. back then they were only a dollar!  Now they are $1.75 but still tasty.
If you're afraid of funny pork products, don't open the sandwich.  Lots of mystery cuts and pate inside which I would never eat, but inside this sandwich.. delish!

Great location, You don't have to go down to Spadina anymore.笑
I always crave these buns when I'm at school far away. Definitely tell them to add extra sauce :) its the best part! One can fill you up a lot!! Made fresh most of the time! They also have really good beef jerky that they make themselves. Definitely my go to for very fast meals on the go. Keep a couple in the fridge. You can also ask them to wrap them in plastic bags instead of paper to keep them longer in the fridge! :) they have raised their prices bit by bit over the years.

They're desserts are also really good! they go for about $2 I believe. They also have pretty good jerky, but more on the pricey side!笑
Prices that can't be beat for great Vietnamese sandwiches. I typically get the BBQ pork with double meat.  I have yet to try anything else, but it all looks good.笑
Summary: Cheap and fast takeout Vietnamese sandwich spot is SO fast and SO cheap you'll forgive the slightly dry bread and the lack of toppings

Top Must-Get: the classic cold cut
Top Regret: the prepackaged cold dishes on the side

The price has steadily gone up over the years, but this little place next to the old T&T is one of the last remaining survivors in that plaza. Nearly 75% of the plaza has shut down, and yet Nguyen Huong endures.

Why?

Cheap, fast, and filling.

When you walk in, you see a counter and shelves full of premade goodies and appetizers on the right. I've tried most of these, and none were particularly worthwhile: cold, slightly stale and sometimes soggy.

Walk to the back left of the store, look up at the menu, and now we're talking. You have about 12 different kind of sub style Vietnamese sandwiches to choose from. From the classic cold cut, to the pork rinds, to the barbeque chicken/pork, they are all superb value, ranging from $2.50 to $3.75 for something just smaller than a foot long.

Yes, diehards will remember the $1 days of yesteryear, but inflation, dude.

Anyway, you can customize the slice level and the butter level, and request for more or less trimmings (cilantro, raddish, and shredded carrots).

Always a prime option for a quick bite.笑
Do you love banh mi?  Then Nguyen Huong should be the only place you should go for them.  Don't settle for anything less.

Pros:
Best banh mi in town
Prices are still good

Cons:
If you order a regular, you get one that's premade (order the special sandwich)

I've been going to Nguyen Huong since forever it seems.  I used to frequent the Chinatown location a lot but since moving uptown, this is the location I've been going to now.  For those that don't know, banh mi is basically a Vietnamese sandwich.  Think sub sandwich if you will.  The difference is that a banh mi is way better and and way cheaper than you're garden variety sub.  

There are other places in town that make banh mi, but if you ask me, no one comes close to this place.  They have multiple locations around town so there should be one near by where ever you may be.  These sandwiches are made fresh every day.  I've got a pro tip though for all you banh mi lovers out there.  If you want your sandwich made fresh right in front of you, always order the special sandwich which is basically just a large version of the regular sandwich.  It's about 50 cents more but they don't make those in the morning ahead of time.  

There's a variety of other sandwiches from bbq pork to shredded meat.  I always just get my special.  It's tried tested and true, believe you me. You have the option of making them spicy or not spicy.  The prices have gone up a little since I've started going.  It used to be $1.75 for a regular and $2.25 for a special when I first started going.  It's not $2.50 for regular and $3.00 for special.  It's still and awesome value though.  Nowhere else will you get a sandwich this good for this much.  

Again, there's no better banh mi then Nguyen Huong.  I'm actually a big fan of banh mi boys myself, but when it comes down to it, Nguyen Huong is still boss when it comes to banh mi.  In terms of taste, speed and value, nothing comes even close.笑
Love this place! Foods are awesome and service extremely friendly. The subs are just... Too good to be true! I wish I was Vietnamese sometimes.. Lol笑
Absolutely THE best cheap and cheerful traditional Vietnamese banh mi in the city.
Chewy-fresh rolls with a crispy crust that shatters into a million crumbs as you bite into the delicious filling of traditional pate, mayo and your choice of cold cuts or grilled meats, topped with sweet pickled veggies, very hot or not, and cilantro leaves (extra cilantro for me, please! and always ask for something freshly made, don't go for a pre-made). 

My fave is the basic "assorted" cold cuts, with just perfectly balanced flavours, with the sweet-ish meatball 2nd, and grilled bbq pork and chicken coming in 3rd.  I'll admit I haven't tried most of the others, since these are SO good!

Yes, I love banh-mi-boys gourmet/fusion sandwiches, especially the grilled pork, but at just a shade over $2 a pop, you cannot find a better traditional style banh mi sandwich in the city than Ngueyn Hong!笑
The ladies who make the sandwiches are rude and the lady boss/cashier is even more rude. I guess the foot soldiers follow the commander.笑
Amazing place. Super convenient and quick. The sandwiches are delicious and affordable. Don't hesitate to ask of you want something a little different on yours as they are very accommodating.笑
I don't understand how this place gets such raving reviews for its banh mi. There is obviously not a lot of competition in the area. 
They are cheap, I have to agree with that. Their service is fast (cash only) and they have a decent baguette and pate spread. The fixings inside the banh mi is what's missing for me. I am used to having banh mi's with cucumbers, cilantro and pickled daikon and carrots. These banh mi only had carrots and a few strands of cilantro. A little sad to be honest. 
Maybe the places I've been are more fusion-ized with more fixings? But I rather pay a little more for just meats.笑
Clearly not as pretentious as ban mih boys...which im still a fan off....this hole in the wall has a very butcher like feeling...but the outcome was delicious....simple quick deli  styled sandwiches at 3 bucks a piece...wow....i ended up buyin quite a few and handing them out at work...nice gesture and made me look like a baller...damn...and it tastes pretty good....im gonna ask for the extra spicy next time!笑
HELP! I CAN'T STOP EATING THESE AMAZING SANDWICHES! They must have crack in them, but at this price point, who cares, because I can afford to eat these all day long!

BBQ chicken is the real winner here, but the BBQ pork and classic cold cut options are also amazing. There's a variety of spring rolls and other snacks, but the sandwiches are the main attraction. It's strictly take out and it's glorious! Swing by and load up on Vietnamese flavour packed goodness!笑
This place was a bit disappointing i saw great reviews for this place and I dont think it should be up there. The bahn mi were premaid when we ordered. So when taking a bite of the sandwich the bread was a slightly stale. The toppings for the sandwich was a bit scarce as well.

I love bahn mi but this wouldnt be my go to.笑
Pretty fabulous Banh Mi sandwiches.  There are few varieties to choose from but you can't go wrong with anyone of them.  The regular assorted is very good, but if you are hungry or just like an extra dose of meatiliciousness, pay a little extra to get the to get the supersized version and it would be totally worth it.  

Also a great place to get desserts...the soupy kind that you get in takeaway container.  There are sweet porridges made with beans or taro, sweet potatoes with jelly, and sticky rice balls in sweet coconuty soup.  They look and taste far better than my descriptions.  Give them a try.笑
Anytime I am in town, I make sure to drive up and grab a cold cut combo or two.  The banh mi is amazing and the price is right.  I recommend this place!笑
This week, I tagged along with a few friends to check out one of the most recognizable Vietnamese takeouts in the area. I'm sure that if you asked any Vietnamese person where to get the best Bánh Mì (pronounced Bun Me) around, they'll immediately point you straight to a place little place called Nguyên Huöng (New-Wing Who-Ong). This is a takeout that started as a little shop in the heart of Toronto's bustling Chinatown district. Their Bánh Mì is so good that they are now operating a new location in Scarborough as well as being TNT Supermarket's supplier for all their Bánh Mì sandwiches. After tasting their sandwiches, all I can say is Bánh Mì up baby!

Let me just say that the combination of the pickled carrots and the savoury meat just worked so well in this sandwich! Not to mention that the butter just makes the whole thing melt in your mouth. You can also purchase cuts of Vietnamese meats here to make your own version of the infamous Bánh Mì sandwich at home! Oh and did I mention the absolutely AMAZING price point of $2.75 per sandwich, which is just the icing on the cake for this delectable dish.

 Overall, this was a great joint to catch a quick, cheap, and delicious lunch with some friends.笑
great food great price

BUT for the last few times I went, they kept giving me a regular sized bun for my order of #1 sandwich which is supposed to be on a large bun.
the worst part is they dont' even tell me, and charge me for the large bun.

So every time I order 10x #1 sandwiches I lose a couple of bucks without realizing until I get home.

either then being scammed for a few bucks its a great place to try if you don't order the large buns笑
The cold cuts (cha lua) here are just mediocre. They don't make them fresh at the store so there's not much to expect. You can get the same at Asian supermarkets for around the same price. 
As for the banh mi, it doesn't seem to be as fresh as other locations in the west end. But since this location is convenient, I just stick with going here, not that I come very often. If I do, I usually get the #1 Assorted Cold Cut (banh mi thap Cam). 
They also sell deserts, sticky rice and other various Viet dishes. For the price they sell, quality is very low and freshness is again an issue. 
I've heard that the service isn't the friendliest. But, if you can speak Vietnamese then it's not as bad. But they'll still refuse to say thank you to their customers.笑
Haven't tried other Vietnamese sub places cuz this is the only one I know in the area and it's been around quite a long time.  Personal favorites are the BBQ pork and the garlic honey sausage.  I wish they can prepare the sandwich warm but they taste good even when they are cold, not sure if you can ask them to heat it up.  Also make sure you say no or ask them to add only a little hot peppers if you can't take the spice.  These subs go well together with a double double at Timmys too.笑
Impossible for me to not give 3+ stars to any place where I can get my hands on a fresh Bahn Mi ..... plus it was just around 3 dollars maybe for a sweet sausage one. Mayo and carrot and cucumber n cilantro flavours with that sausage was heaven on a fresh bun, I live for this kinda stuff, always :)笑
Unreal lunch spot. Wide variety of Vietnamese food from banh mi sandwiches to desserts. Prices are great. Followed previous Yelpers advice of the #12 pork (spicy) and extra cilantro. 

4/5笑
The Motherland of the Banh Mi in Ontario

I've heard about Nguyen Huong since I've been in Canada. Back in Windsor, there are shops and restaurants that serve their Banh Mis from this mysterious place called Nguyen Huong. The wrapping and all were the same. This place here has filled my Banh Mi needs since I've been in this country and it continues. 

The place itself is all things Vietnamese as they sell a number of items outside Banh Mis such as soups, desserts, baked goods, and vermicelli noodle rolls. The menu is pasted agianst the wall in this hallway of a store and it offers up several varieties of the banh mi.

I tried the Meatball banh mi ($2) and the Grilled Pork Banh Mi ($3). The meatball Banh Mi was alright. Nothing overly special. It only comes with one meatball, but it is a giant meatball. The meatball itself had a very soft texture but it melts in your mouth. The sauce that is covered in the meatball was fantastic though as it was a bit sweet and tangy. The Grilled Pork Banh Mi had wonderful flavor. I love the grilled pork because you can taste it with every bite and goes well with the cilantro and pickled veggies. I wish the grilled pork wasn't cold though, and it would be awesome if they had a hot version, but it was still good.

Sandwiches were solid and the prices are very cheap. There was no tax so you can stop by with a $5 and leave with a proper lunch. I will definitely be back to try the other banh mis as well as grab some other Vietnamese delicacies like the spring rolls and sausage.笑
It pays to live in Scarborough when you have a Banh Mi place 10 minutes away from you :)

I'm here when I need a snack. It's the perfect meal for in between lunch and dinner, because it's substantial enough to tide you over without making you feel too full.

I always get the BBQ Pork. I've never tried any other item on the menu, because why mess with a good thing?

They smear a  Vietnamese style airy Baguette with Mayo Butter and then stuff it with tons of Pork, Pickled Daikon and Carrot, Cilantro, and Cucumber. 

If you can handle heat, try it with the sliced Viet chilis. But beware, they will blow your head off!笑
I strongly think they put something illegal in their viet subs to get customers addicted. I've been getting this for work lunch every week... Sometimes twice a week.
I honest think this is the shiznizz!笑
Loooove! A nice convenient location beside Tnt for those days when you want to grab a quick bite of Vietnamese sandwiches, rolls (sorry don't know what they're called), various desserts, and drinks. I guess it's also a good starting place to introduce yourself to Vietnamese cuisine?笑
Definitely a go-to spot for a quick snack, lunch, desserts to go, tasty treats. Everything tastes so delicious. And it's all dirt cheap!! Save this location, and make it part of your weekly routine. There is a wide variety of choices here, you'll need to visit them at least 10 times to be able to try everything. You won't regret it though.