Been here a few times since it's close to my job. It's a typical fast food place. The food is OK but the service is awful. Doesn't seem like anyone here likes their job. Most of the employees here have attitudes and it shows.. I continue to go here only because they don't mess up my order that often and I don't really expect much from Burger King anyway.笑
Food came correctly and my iced coffee was bomb! Unfortunately it's the typical story of fast food workers hating their job, or maybe there's another reason why the workers act like your being there is a burden. I pulled up to the first window, gave exact change, and he lady ordered me to "stay right here, okay?" Okay count my change so you don't have to chase me up to the second window, I get it, but when you count it and see its correct why would you close the window and throw my receipt away, then I'm still sitting there waiting for you to say thank you or at least tell me to pull up. No, my sign was you just walking away, lol wow. I'm sorry, I'm not here to make your life worse...then the next window, get handed my food, and each of the workers slid me a miserable "there you go" I don't know maybe it's just me but the bad attitudes made me unhappy to eat my food lol...I couldn't even get a "your welcome" after saying thank you 3 times. Oh well, can't win them all I suppose.笑
I've been here quite a few times. (Honestly because it's very near my house) on 2 or 3 occasions,  they've left something out of my order or had me drive up and wait. They're usually pretty slow.in the drive thru. Lesson:: triple check the order while still at the window and don't go here in a hurry. (More than 1 car can't be dealt with at a time)笑
Absolutely the worst service (if you can call it that). Incompetent staff and manager who could not even process a refund (Order 53 at about 9pm on 09/25/15).
Please, I insist that you change the money I paid where my order was not fulfilled or refunded ($9.52), change it to pennies, get some lubricant and shove each and every penny up your asses. 
Don't plan to purchase any more food from BK, they just don't care......笑
Yes I love Burger King. Yes I know its terrible for me. No I will not stop coming here. 

I love this location, even though someone was shot in the face here not too long ago, I still can not stay away. I love the fact that I can go through the drive-thru and not have to worry about checking my bag for the right items because they have never messed up one order of mine. And that is pretty damn rare for fast food.

Other than that typical BK fare.