Another Price Increase!!??  C'mon Dante, get serious!  This is take-out food you're peddling, not haute cuisine!

Obviously you've been eyeing the ridiculous price that Toronto yuppies are willing to drop on a plate of pasta with greed in your eyes, but if you wanna get over-the-top-dollar for some pasta, at least have the courtesy to open a chic trattoria like the others do.

I've never been wild about Dante's wet, sloppy, heavy pizza, but I've always loved their pasta dishes, delivered to my door in North York.
I've suffered through price increase after price increase, cancellation of coupons before their expiry date, and shrinking portions of lasagna and veal, but this time it's just too much!  I'm done!

The Linguine with a few strips of Veal and tomato sauce that I loved has steadily marched it's way up via numerous price increases to $15.99 over the past couple of years, but it's a large portion, so what the heck.  

However, when I tried to order it tonight, I discover that there's a new menu and it now costs $13.99 for plain linguine with Tomato sauce, plus $7.99 to add the veal "topping".
That's from $15.99 to $21.98 folks!  ... a 37% increase!
Let me note here that this is for simple supermarket dried pasta, with a simple tomato sauce and a few strips of breaded veal.

PLUS, two weeks ago they implemented a new $5 delivery charge to my area (formerly free!!).

Oh well, I'll not be supporting this new menu and the ridiculous price increases, and I emcourage others to make their views known as well.

Sadly, I suspect most will just suck it up and take it, and Dante will be laughing all the way to the bank.笑
I have to say, I was pretty disappointed with Dante's the last time I was there.  I always enjoyed their salmon, but with their most recent menu change, they no longer offer fish.  I couldn't believe it.  Since I don't eat meat, there is no protein option for me anymore.  Unless I want to over binge on carbs, I think I'll be staying away from this place for a while.笑
Dante's is the most overrated Italian Restaurent in the burbs. Pizza is like a brick. They say it weighs more than any other pizza and they are right. Pretty much everything else is bland (especially the pasta sauces). The one dish that was passable (the Osso bucco) is no longer even on the menu. People like it because the portions are huge and the prices are reasonable. However, don't confuse quantity with quality.笑
Dante's is (or was) one of the best italian restaurants I've been to. I should say first off that I've never been to Italy, so I'm basing this totally on Americanized version of Italian food! I was totally in love with this place. I craved it like a baby needs his pacifier! 

A few months ago they seemed to have made a few changes to the menu and restaurant.  I'm not sure if they changed ownerships, but now they have two menus: a single portion menu and a "sharing menu" they call it.  Essentially the choices are the same, the single portion seems to be missing things the sharing menu has, such as the gnocchi, one of my favs there. 

Before the switch, Dante's had the biggest portions known to man. A single pasta dish was enough to fill two people and then some.  Now with the sharing menu, they are the same size as the old dante's portion but more expensive. The gnocchi costs $19! And there's not even cheese or veggies in it.. still good, but a little too pricey. 

The pastas was another thing that was good because they had so many toppings to pick from. Now, they have drastically reduced the number of toppings they have  (only one type of mushroom), but increased the number of different choices of pasta. 

Pizza: Also good. beautifully crisp crust, and perfectly cooked. Haven't tried the pizza since the new menu though. 

Dante's is still a great family restaurant, though I think I prefer the old style better. Why fix what is not broke? 4.5 stars for me!笑
This is one of the best pizzas in the GTA, and by far the best pizza you're going to find north of Steeles.  The thick, crisp crust, delicious sauce, and hearty toppings are out of this world.  The pizza has great weight and balance.  You can get away with ordering less than you think you need and you'll stlil  be satisfied. But don't kid yourself - you're going to want some leftovers.

I wish I could comment on the rest of the menu.  I know that the portions are ridiculously huge, though apparently that's changed with the new menu.  I also know the salads are pretty good, though not particularly memorable.

Decor and atmosphere: thiis is an Italian family restaurant.  Exactly what you'd expect.