Thanks to you, Capriotti's, my boyfriend and I can finally go out for sub sandwiches together.

My boyfriend has been a regular at Capriotti's (both here and Vegas) for years. As a vegetarian, I have a pretty strict "no sandwich chains" dining rule. I do not want sliced tomatoes, iceberg lettuce, and mustard on bread for a meal. On his last Capriotti's visit, my boyfriend informed me of the vegetarian-friendly menu. I looked it up online, couldn't wait to try it.

Inside, the Tempe location is more of a cute deli than a subway. The staff was very nice and helpful and the sandwiches were served quickly (the establishment was not busy at the time though). My boyfriend got the turkey sub (his usual) and I got the vegetarian version. On my sub, I got faux turkey, cheese, lettuce, tomato, onion (which are so thinly sliced and amazing), pickles, sweet peppers (also amazing) and mustard. I would recommend this combination to any vegetarian looking for a filling and tasty cold sub sandwich.

I noticed some people on here complaining about the pricing. Well, the ingredients here are of a much higher quality and fresher than a subway or quizno's, so in my opinion, it is worth paying a couple extra dollars. My boyfriend loves it because they use shredded turkey instead of deli slices on the subs. I am not sure if I will be able to wait many meals before running over there to try the vegetarian version of the Bobby.Ǿ
We split the medium Bobby and a custom salad, with stuffing.  Both were much larger than we expected, and the salad was very fresh.  The Bobby (turkey, stuffing, cranberry sauce and mayonnaise) is apparently the most popular sandwich (just like Thanksgiving!), but some of the others on their menu also look really good.Ǿ
So I was looking for a vegetarian place that seems to be pretty decent in DT Tempe, but I didn't find it, so I started to walk around and decided to try Capriotti's.

I've seen this place several times and I always thing about what an awful location they picked. There's no parking and they have very little exposure, but oh well, who am I to question businessmen decisions?

Anyways, I was hoping to have something healthy but I ended up with the small italian sandwich. It's not small at all, it's actually a pretty good size sub.

The taste was absolutely uneventful. It seems that the ingredients are of good quality but the sub is in the dry-lame side.

A funny fact is that they use plain paper to wrap it up and they use so much paper that it would be a good source if you have to paint your room. Just invite 3 friends, get some subs and use the paper to cover your stuff and roll the walls.

The service was pretty good and the place is really nice inside (for a sub spot).

Unfortunately the food doesn't worth the bother to park, walk, etc. 

If you're around, in a hurry, on a budget (although 9 and change for a sub and a drink is not cheap), it's ok but nothing else.Ǿ
Our first time here! Parking was the biggest issue! There is none. So we parked at CvS across the street. My husband LOVED his Hot Italian Sub! I got the Homemade Turkey Sandwich... Looooved the Turkey!!!! Great sandwich!!!! Got a free bag of chips too for checking in on Yelp! Fast service! We will go back!Ǿ
The bobbie is definitely what to get when you go to Capriotti's. The only other sandwich I've had is the capistrami which is pretty good too, but that bobbie can't be beat. I went with the $7 for $15 deal and it was well worth it!Ǿ
I love that they offer a veggie turkey sandwich. It tastes great and I don't know of any other place that offers it.

However, parking is a total nightmare at this place. So, I was happy to find out that they do curbside. BUT it would really helpful if they would ask the customer over the phone whether they are paying with cash or credit. That way if all you have is a card, the number can be taken over the phone. Instead, when I pick up my sandwich, I am made to feel terrible that I'm paying with a card and the employee running the curbside makes it VERY clear that she is unhappy to run back to the shop to swipe my card. 

The food is good but a paying customer should never be made to feel this way.Ǿ
Amazing sandwich shop. I'm from the East coast which is well known for their wide array of great sandwich shops so it's hard to surprise me out here when I find a great one.  I just found one closer to me in Chandler in Dana Park too.Ǿ
Delicious food and great service! Joey was very helpful and friendly. We told him we were from out of town and he made us feel very welcomed. He even gave us a yummy chocolate chip cookie.Ǿ
the promise of homemade turkey and roast beef drew me in, much to my dismay it's shredded. As Ramsey would say 'like a dog's dinner!'. I got the bobby with roast beef, so i could taste both. The bread was good, the stuffing was cold. The meat was chokingly dry. Dry dry. Sawdust tasting. I'm sure the other non shredded meats are great on that bread, this might as well had just been the stuffing and cranberries on the bread. Plus, the manager was bragging about how he just stands around and does nothing but micro manage. Donkeys! Lol. Make that guy clean the bathrooms!Ǿ
Bought a groupon deal for my son and his roommates. Since I dont live in the area i called the shop to find out the details before purchasing the deal.  The staff was great!!!  They were very nice and answered all my questions. The boys went close to closing time  but the staff still attended to them with great services. My son said the sandwiches were great and full of meat.  I am very glad that I can purchase a deal and have someone far away utilize the service with no worries.  Therefore they deserve my 5 starsǾ
The Bobbie is the BEST sandwich. That's all you need to know...i just wish the parking situation wasn't so shitty for this place. meh.Ǿ
The subs here are really, really good.

But they close SO early. They lose a ton of points for closing so early in a college town.Ǿ
VEGETARIANS! EAT HERE! 

I've been a vegetarian for nearly 3 years, and the one thing I miss more than anything is a delicious deli sandwich. Capriotti's has filled that void oh so deliciously well. The vegetarian Philly Cheesesteak is delicious. The Veggie Cole Turkey with Russian dressing is killer. They use Morningstar Farms chicken and Worthington's Turkey - it is the best mock turkey I've ever eaten - and you can't buy Worthington's in AZ, so you've got to try it at Capriotti's!

My only annoyance was that I can't get a Vegetarian Bobby. The stuffing has chicken stock in it. What a bummer. You'd think, as veg friendly as they are, that the stuffing would be vegetarian too. Oh well. I'll stick with my Veggie Cole Turkey anyday.Ǿ
Great tasting sandwiches. Its a little pricey thouǾ
So tasty. I got the bobby and it was delicious. The only thing stopping me from giving this place 5 stars is their lack of a place to park. Even without the parking lot I will definitely be back for the Bobbie whenever I have a thanksgiving craving!Ǿ
Cheesesteak was nothing special. Convenient location and fast service was a plus.Ǿ
I tried the Philly cheese steak, the small 9" was plenty for me and i believe it was about $7 w tax. I also joined the text offers program they were advertising on the counter i got a free drink that day. The sandwich was good and would definately go back. They have a variety of sandwiches from the veggie to the meats, salads, etc. The restaurant is close to Arizona State University so there's hardly any parking you have to walk no way around it. The place was clean and had a few tables not a lot so could get packed during busy times, i believe they had a patio as well.Ǿ
Tried Capriotti's when the Tempe craft fair was going on.  We were surprised to find that there were only a couple of other customers while we were there.  We split a gigantic sandwich called a Slaw B Jo (or something like that) which was made on good bread and piled with roast beef.  The cheese portion was fine.  There was a little dressing and a little slaw but, overall, the sandwich was very dry.  We asked for more dressing which was willingly provided.  It seems to be a place where local office workers go for lunch so is probably great for that, but if we were in Tempe again at mealtime, we probably wouldn't bother to go back.Ǿ
Such a sad review to write. Let me start by appeasing the disbelievers, I am originally from New York but grew up in Delaware right down the street from the Capriottis by the New Castle airport. Growing up I ate there at least three times a week consuming large amounts of Cheese steaks, Italians and Bobbys over a 22 year span. Military service moved me away from my beloved sandwich shop and I crave Capriottis often. Every trip home the first thing I do even before seeing family is stop for a meal, usually a small steak, Italian and bobby to split with myself, wife and son. Being a die hard loyal Caps fan I was disappointed after eating here. We took a trip north for the recent bike week and stopped off for a meal. The steak was flavorless and dry, bread was chewing inside like it should be but dry and crumbly outside like it was left out for hours prior to service. Bobby was good like back home except the stuffing was off and tasted a bit of stove top and the bread was the same as the steaks. I know Caps, and if the Margolets "founders" saw this they would be ashamed. I won't be back..... Avoid at all costs, the authenticity is lacking in a major way and the food is substandard.Ǿ
Edit: I returned because I received a gift card to none other than Capriotti's.  One of the employees apologized (a young adult with long hair; he was sincere and pleasant) about the incident mentioned below.  I bumped them up to 2 stars.  Service was still pretty bad, food was still pretty good.

This was my 4th time visiting the location on Mill Ave. I will try to keep my review short and not so sweet. 

Good things first. They make a quality sandwich. The (sub) bread is great, veggies taste fresh, and the sandwiches are huge. I get the tuna there and it is pretty darn scrumptious. So why the 1 star review?

Now for the negative. They don't have wheat sub bread, which isn't terrible, but I am sure is an inconvenience for many.  They do have sliced wheat bread though, however it is 6 dollars after tax for that tiny sandwich! Whatever, that doesn't merit a 1 star review. Their service is terrible. Service must be decent for any establishment to be deemed decent.  Every time I have been in the store it has not been busy, yet I still am not greeted automatically and it has taken at least 2 minutes to get my order taken. The sandwiches take far too long to make.  I usually wait about 5 minutes for a COLD sub, when the store is not busy at all.  Whatever still, right?  

Today I went in craving a medium tuna sandwich. There were two employees making sandwiches, and it took 4 minutes for them to greet me, the only customer in line. I ordered my medium tuna sandwich, and while choosing my toppings I was interrupted by the employee walking off. He returned shortly to tell me that they were out of tuna, and maybe had enough for a small sandwich. I asked how they could be out of a staple menu ingredient, and he simply blamed it on the prep employee. Ridiculous. I asked to talk to the manager and the 2 employees looked at me with blank stares, replying that there was no manager present. The employee said "i guess" we can make some more. Its going to take about 15 to 20 minutes though. I guess?  Unbelievable.  I asked if they had enough for the small sandwich, and he said he would check.  He begins scraping the bottom of a metal container.  I asked if it was from yesterday, and he said "Uh, yeah."  Frustrated and not in the mood for making a scene, I turned around and left. 

Like I said, bad service can ruin a dining experience, or eliminate the dining experience completely.Ǿ
This place is awesome for vegetarians looking for a good patty in a sandwich. Their Veggie Cheeseburgers are awesome. Just ask them to make a good sandwich and you don't have to work on what goes inside.
They accept online orders on their website and the prices are reasonable.
The patty and stuffing makes the sandwich quite heavy so a 20 inch sandwich feeds four light eaters with ease..Ǿ
I really enjoy the capastrami, thought I could only get them on the east coast, but now that I found one down the street from my house...  I'm really gonna have to restrain myself from indulging in that sandwich everyday!Ǿ
Love this place. It has the exact same vibes as Jimmy John's, but personally, I like Capriotti's sandwiches better. Great for vegetarians. Great staff too.Ǿ
Used a yelp coupon for the meal, but still would pay full price. The bobbie is amazing, the turkey they use really makes it stand out against the competition. Only issue with this location is the parking. Slim to none. Still worth the hassle.Ǿ
Chicken philly is totally awesome.....and I highly recommend it. The parking can be challenging at this location but if your looking for a great sandwich at a decent price then it is worth it. Make sure you get fried onions....sweet peppers and mushrooms on the chicken philly when you order it. I also recommend the hot peppers but be advised they are VERY HOT....so if your not into that then make sure to get the sweet peppers. Eat, Drink and be Merry my Friends!!!!!Ǿ
If my stomach had a Hall of Fame, it would have a section dedicated to Capriotti's.

Last night, I went to the Tempe location for the first time, and man-o-man, was I in for a treat. 

I've been a fan of this chain for a couple years. I discovered a location near my home in Las Vegas and ever since, I have been a huge fan! 

Of course, I hopped on my trusty Yelp app, and made sure that the Tempe location was the closest to Scottsdale (for now...there is one coming soon), but then...like a Coke machine in the middle of the freaking Sahara desert, I saw it....a YELP DEAL....for CAPRIOTTI'S! SWEET BABY JESUS! HELL FREAKING YEAH! 

I paid $7 for a $15 deal and parkoured my way down to Tempe like it was nobody's business. Parking was a bit of a problem since it was a game night. I also had to deal with the traffic from the ASU/USC traffic, but I love Capriotti's enough to brave any kind of traffic.

The shop is small, but nice. Two TV's. Enough seating. Friendly staff. 

Tonight's addition to my imaginary Hall of Fame: Large Cole-Turkey with Ham. Yeah, I added the ham. I'm renegade like that. I guess you can say that I just go with it. 

The Cole Turkey is: pulled turkey, cole slaw, provolone, russian dressing, and mayo. So, so good. 

If you are a Capriotti's virgin, the large is a 20' sandwich. It's no joke. It can feed four people. I had my sandwich cut into four pieces. I ate one of them, put the other three in my fridge.  

All in all, I really like this location. Staff, food....everything. Perfect. If I ever come back to Tempe, this is my spot...even over Jimmy John's. Yes.

Capriotti's GREATER THAN Jimmy John's

(no characters allowed)Ǿ
I was very happy when this location opened not too far from my work location I got hooked on Capriotti's while staying in Las Vegas a year ago. Nicely crafted sandwiches are found right here at this Tempe Capriotti's, the Bobbie's are legendary  and are scrumptious parcels of Thanksgiving anytime you wish to experience it. The Cheese Steaks be they beef or chicken are what you want even when you have no clue what you want; get them with fried onions, sweet or hot peppers, and mushrooms. When you check in here through the Yelp App you get a free bag of chips no purchase necessary. This location is right near ASU across from PF Chang's and parking can be found in the either the structure the meters that are near by.Ǿ
Decided to give this place a shot, wish I hadn't. Quite possibly the worst sandwich I've ever had, the bread was greasy and spongy, I had the veggie cheese steak, the 'chicken' was absolutely disgusting, it was rubbery and had a bitter after taste that I still can't get out of my mouth, and I only had a couple of bites before tossing it out. Being a veggie sandwich isn't an excuse, Cornish pasty makes fantastic things with chicken substitutes, this was just vile.

My roomie said his sandwich was edible but Subway could do better. There are tons of sandwich places around the college, pick any other one and it will be better than this.Ǿ
Was told this place was awesome and it is.

Bread is perfect. Meats are high quality and the prices are very reasonable for the amount of food you get. 

My fave is the capastrami as its a perfect blend of sweet sauce and spicey pastrami. I didnt coleslaw on a sandwich would be good but boy I love slaw anyways and it blended everything together perfectly.

I'd suggest to friends and I have so I figured id suggest to all of yelp aswell.Ǿ
Amazing sandwiches. If you are ever craving some Thanksgiving loving, theres a perfect sandwich you! Pretty much T-giving in the palm of your hands, its the one and only Bobbie! Thy are also super fast, friendly, and the place is really clean.Ǿ
I think I may have died and gone to heaven.  In all seriousness...they make some crazy good sandwiches there.  I keep wanting to try other types, but I keep getting the Bobby and the hot pastrami which are both to die for.   The best part is if you get a big one...you can easily make two full meals out of it.  Thanks Capriotti's for some great food!Ǿ
Great food and great service.
We walked in with 30 hungry guys and they served us quick and with a smile! 
We'll be back for sure.Ǿ
Gourmet sandwiches? done and done. this place does not skimp on the toppings.  The Bobby is my fav, with turkey and stuffing and cranberry sauce.  Thanksgiving every time.  Great every time.  Really good, really good service, really high quality product.  I belong to the text club and get free drinks and chips, so its and even better deal.  Love this place for a fast meal.Ǿ
I thought of trying this place on my way to work. I wasn't sure if they had any vegetarian options, and I was pleasantly surprised to see a vegetarian friendly menu. 

I ordered a medium size veggie turkey sandwich and it was huuuuge!!! I had half for lunch and saved the other half for dinner. The sandwich was very tasty, I loved everything in it - the veggies, specially sweet peppers and pickles, mock turkey and thin slices of cheese...perfect for me!

Two days later, I was there again and ordered the vegetarian cheese steak sandwich, this time a small size :)  It was still 9'' though! I loved this sandwich too! It's a hot sub with mock steak fried with veggies of your choice. Seriously, I love sweet peppers the most!!!

I am always on a lookout for places offering mock meats and hardly knew of much options before - Green and Cornish Pasty are ones I like! I was overjoyed to see this place sitting so close to my work place. Great place for quick lunches/dinners and prices are not super cheap but affordable. The best part - their soy meats ACTUALLY taste good! I have been to numerous mock-meat places, and the meats are tasteless, bland and so disappointing. But Capriotti's is different. 

I am going to try the veggie cheeseburger and veggie cole turkey sandwich next. Cant wait! :DǾ
I've been here a few times. I love that it's vegetarian friendly! I think I've ordered every vegetarian option they have, the most recent being  the Veggie Cole Turkey. I think it might be my favorite. The mock turkey they use is divine and the coleslaw & Russian dressing are so tasty! 

The staff is always super friendly and the service is always quick. Prices are a little higher than what you'd pay at any other chain sub shop, but that's not really a con to the place. The quality of the ingredients make it worth the price. And you get a lot for what you pay for. A small is more than filling! 

A few things I wish they would change is the fact that they use so much paper to wrap their sandwiches. It's quite wasteful and I feel like my small sandwich wrap paper takes up the entire table. Also, I really wish they would have a Veggie Bobby on the menu! I'm sure many vegetarians who eat there probably feel the same way.Ǿ
Get the Bobby. The end.

Okay, maybe I'll expand just a little bit. Capriotti's is a great lunch spot if you're working or going to school in Tempe. They're fast, friendly, and above all - delicious.

I'd heard about the Bobby, and I was a little hesitant. I mean, a sandwich with stuffing, turkey, gravy, and cranberry sauce? But everybody told me it was delicious, so I gave it a shot. And you know what? They were totally right.Ǿ
Heaven in a sandwich...at least if you're vegetarian.  They have a cheesesteak sandwich made from faux steak...it's extra especially yummy if you get the peppers and onions.  However, my favorite is the cole turkey...cole slaw, thousand island, and faux turkey equals happiness.  Highly recommend!!!Ǿ
Best cheesesteak I've ever had I will definitely go back. The staff was extremely friendly and the service was fast.Ǿ
It was a decent sub, nothing super fantastic. Firehouse makes a better sub. They need to start having whole wheat bread.Ǿ
Wow!  I loved the bobby!  This thing was so amazing!  If you ever want to fix your thanksgiving craving, go to Capriottis!  Thankfullybthwy had a yelp deal, or I probably wouldn't have tried this place.  YUMMYǾ
Back in the day, Capriotti's used to have only one location and 20 years ago I ate there in Rhehoboth Beach, DE. The cheesesteaks were what what made them famous, but now everybody likes their turkey, except me. They still use dark and white meat mixture for their turkey sandwiches, a big red flag for me, signifying cheapness and indifference to customer demands and the culture of today. They should have switched to all-white years ago. Ok, knowing all that, I went with the small chicken cheesesteak and this was a solid hot sandwich with the free addition of onions and sweet peppers. With a bag of chips, the price was under 9 bucks. Not a great deal, but if you see a capriotti's at least you know it will be a solid meal at almost any location.Ǿ
Went with my friends from work to caps for the first time and I have to say if your in the area this is the place to eat at bar none the best sub sandwhich I ever had in my life .... pastrami with coleslaw ad hot and sweet peppers heaven in your handsǾ
I've been anxiously awaiting for Capriotti's to open up on Mill for about a month now since I saw the "Coming Soon" signs plastered on the bottom floor of the Chase Bank building on the corner of University and Mill. Working in the predominantly college town of Tempe, AZ, I'm always looking for new and exciting lunch options as I've found my surroundings to grow a bit stale.

Capriotti's could be that new exciting spot but it also might not. 

Pros:
Monster size subs (a small sub is 9".) Like seriously, find someone with similar tastes to you and split one, you'll be fine, I promise.
Fresh tasty bread
Nice array of toppings and extras (unlike Jimmy John's down the street where you can have it their way or you can F off)
Fairly quick

Cons:
No onsite parking
$7 for a "Small" turkey sandwich is a little steep
Turkey is mixed white and dark meat???

The last Con is definitely the one that will determine whether or not Capriotti's is the game changer I've been waiting for ever since my beloved Rinaldi's Deli fell victim to the Lightrail construction off of Mill & 3rd St. I don't like dark meat, I won't do dark meat, and until you find a way to separate that ish out, I can't partake in an otherwise quite tasty turkey sandwich. Charge me extra for all white meat, I don't care, I'll deal with it. I've never had dark meat turkey at a deli before today and I don't plan on repeating it.

I would be willing to go back and try a few of their other options like the meatball sub which looked pretty decent, but a deli that can't master the simple but oh so delicious turkey sandwich is going to be hard for me to love and appreciate in the long haul.Ǿ
I have been to two other locations, but I found out there was a new location opening down the street from where I work, so I decided to try them out.  The food is just as good as the other locations, but the location is nicer, and the people are friendlier.

As good as all their food is, their unique subs are the reason to go (Bobby, Capastrami, Cole-Turkey are my favorites).  They are brilliant combinations of ingredients that I would never have tried otherwise, but they all work out really well.

I also have to disagree with a fellow reviewer that their prices are high.  Their small is indeed $7, but their small is 9 inches, and their large (20 inches) is only like $11.  If you are going with someone else, it is definitely more cost effective to just split a large, but with their level of quality (Fresh shredded 'homemade' turkey), even $7 for a 9 inch I don't think is bad at all.Ǿ
First of all

I am not a big fan of sandwiches or american cuisine.

Having said that I love the bobby, the bread was delicious and the combination of toppings inside the sandwich will lead to mouth orgasms. 

The cheesesteak was ordinary. 

Get the bobby, its what sets them apart from the rest :)Ǿ
I think its GREAT, with a capital G. First discovered them when I was in Nevada. I'm a vegetarian so was expecting the typical veggie sub. Boy was I pleasently surprised. They have four different veggie selections including a veggie turkey sub., veggie cheesesteak, and veggie burger. I've only had the veggie turkey and veggie cheesesteak.  The cheesesteak was just O.K. and I wouldn't get that again, but the turkey was fantastic.  

The negatives is that they can be slow at times, and prices are a bit high, but I can live with that.  Definitely one of my favorite sub shops.