Great tasting food made with good ingredients. Service is excellent.  Decor is very dated. Menu is huge and standard fare, but food is very good.Ǿ
My girlfriend and I was walking up yonge when we decided to try out a random restaurant for dinner. Thus we went here as a quick date and it was quite a crowded pack with older people. It was really packed but the waiters made a small table just for the two of us. 

When the older waiter decided to explain the menu (he has a very thick authentic italian accent or something) neither of us could understand him but he just kept talking about the special. The two of us were more interested in the menu.

My girlfriend got the creamy chicken and I got the baked chicken penne on basil tomato sauce. The meals came out at a reasonable time and it was warm and full of flavor. There was a good amount of quantity and the quality was top notch. I wouldn't be able to make the same at home. 

Finally desserts came along and the friendly waitress told us about the secret caramel crunch cake, which does not show on the menu. The two of us were excited to try it out! It was amazing, the top was fluffy and mixed with a light texture crunch from the mid and bottom section of the cake. I am not usually impressed with cakes but this one really impressed me as the two of us gobbled it up real fast. My girlfriend even said that she would come here just for the cakes. 

The decoration is dated but in her opinion, she thinks that it gives an even better cozy feeling to our lovely date. I would suggest trying this place and the price for the meal was very reasonable.Ǿ
This is my favorite place to dine in the neighborhood. The service is always great (attentive yet not obtrusive) and the food delicious. They have certain dishes down to a fine science (e.g. sea bass). And, for vegetarians, the gnocchi toscana is delicious! Dinner reservations are a must because they are always busy.Ǿ
Love going to this place for dates or family events. Pasta was really good, got the classic chicken parmigian. I'm normally not a dessert guy but wow. Even the dessert wants me to order more. Ended off with a double espresso. 2 thumbs up.Ǿ
My boyfriend and I came here for dinner last night and everything, from the food to the atmosphere to the service, was amazing. I had the eggplant parmigiano which was an excellent vegetarian option, $16 for the dish plus two sides of veggies and pasta. The eggplant was cooked perfectly, the veggies were well seasoned, and the pasta was fresh and flavourful - definitely a good pick. He had the grilled chicken pizza ($16) and enjoyed it a lot. We also had a piece of bruschetta each - good value for only $3!

Our waitress was new but she was very competent and friendly, and really made us feel comfortable. Best part was, our dinner only took an hour from sit-down to the cheque, which is really impressive speed given that it was a busy Friday night.

Would definitely recommend Parmigiano to others, and go back again to try more dishes.Ǿ
This cute little restaurant is nestled around in Lawrence Park and provides "homestyle" Italian food.  We went as a group of girls and ordered a couple of things: 

Buffalo Mozarella Caprese - This was a special on their list that day.  The mozarella was a bit too soft for my liking but it did have a distinct flavour to it.  Overall, it was a pretty good dish - maybe a bit on the bland side though.  

Branzini dish - This was a pan-seared fish plate with a side of vegetables and pasta.  The fish was very fresh and cooked very well.  It wasn't too "fishy" and the seasoning was just right.  I only tried a bit of this dish so can't evaluate the sides. 

Salmon fettucine - This dish was pretty good for the most part.  However, the only thing I disliked about it is their lack of smoked salmon or just they way they tried incorporating it with atlantic salmon filet.  Occasionally, with a bite of my pasta, I'd be overwhelmed with the sharp saltiness of the smoked salmon.  It was strange to my palate.  Unfortunately, the mushrooms in there made the dish look beautiful but something about it also diminished the taste of every bite that included the mushroom.  

Seafood pasta special - This dish included lobster tails, scallops, and shrimps on a plate of pesto fettucine.  It was quite delicious and I regret not ordering that after trying my friend's!  

Tiramisu - This is one of their home-made dishes and we ordered 4 but apparently, they didn't have enough - so we ended up only getting 2.  However, that was okay b/c it ended up quite big.  (It was likely a sign to us girls to not be gluttons...).  The tiramisu was okay - I've had better.  

Raspberry tartufo - meh - it was okay.  I'm not a really good judge of ice cream though as I am not too big of a fan of sorbets in general and it definitely had raspberry sorbet in the middle.  My friends did think it tasted delicious though :). 

Overall, it was a good place - but I've definitely had better Italian food.  Service was definitely excellent and this is where they've earned their additional star.Ǿ
Came here in December 2014 with 5 friends.  The food was excellent, we all agreed.  The service was wonderful, very charming waiters. I had the seafood pasta special main course and it was wonderful. I will certainly go back.Ǿ
Mediocre service and worse food - this is "Italian" food for people who - God bless them - don't know any better.  Always full, but then so is East Side Mario's.Ǿ
I would give them 4.5 stars but there's no way to select that in Yelp.  We tried this place based on a recommendation from a friend who goes there regularly.  The food was top notch.  Very comparable to what we've had in Italy.  They seem to be using high quality ingredients and the meals were cooked perfectly.  Service was prompt and friendly but the decor (as other reviewer has noted) is definitely not updated (hence the 4.5 stars).Ǿ
Really nice, homey, comforting Italian food. Came here for a friend's birthday once and we loved it. I always order pasta - the servings are generous and the flavour combos are great. The servers are friendly and have a sense if humour too. When I asked where the washrooms were one of them deadpannned that I had to go to the gas station across the street and I totally believed it for a second! 

Desserts are good too. The tartufo probably wasn't house made but the tiramisu was and it was delicious. 

Nice place.Ǿ
Cozy one-room Italian trattoria. Older crowd, but absolutely fine for families with kids too.
Food is great, especially the seafood pasta speciality, albeit a touch heavy on the oil - although that seems commonplace everywhere nowadays.
Friendly and reasonably efficient wait staff.Ǿ
Wow this was a pleasant surprise. It is right beside the north exit of Lawrence subway and it has a nice view of Yonge street from the window. The price is very reasonable. My friends and I have tried all the Italian restaurants from north of Yonge and eglinton all the way down to Yonge and davisville. This is the best in terms of food, price, service and location. 


I ordered veal masala and it was the BEST veal I've ever had. Very generous portion and so tender but not too salty. I ordered the roasted potatoes as the side and they had  a bit crispy  skin and very yummy. I could tell the food was freshly made and all ingredients were fresh. My friends ordered seafood pastas and they really enjoyed them too. I can't wait to go back again !Ǿ
Came here with a few friends for a birthday. 

Service was good for the most part although the young waiter serving us could probably use a little more training in the conversation area. 

Food was good but not up to snub with some of the other competitors in the same price range. Expect to pay around $20 per entree - good pricing, but there are definitely better options around in the ultra competitive Toronto area. 

I had the veal parmigiana which I enjoyed. The mozzarella cheese on top of the veal was delicious but the veal was a little scarce.. more veal please. 

My girlfriend had the angel hair pasta. For the most part, the pasta was overcooked and didn't feel overly homemade or fresh. This was the same for my pasta. 

Would recommend if you're in the area and looking for a decent Italian restaurant with a cozy vibe.Ǿ
Somebody put this place out of its misery. Menu is bland and an insult to Italian food. Pizza crust is awful - tastes like its from, or maybe is, a soggy cardboard box. Main dishes  look like they are from a food supplier and not made in house. So they can boil noodles, and open a bottle of sauce. ok the prices are low & I guess that's why its busy.  Bad breath and b.o. from the wait staff capped it off.Ǿ
Substandard food, but great ambience and very welcoming service. Our waitress was really sweet, offered complimentary bread, and never rushed us at all even though we sat there and talked for a while after our meal. Good place to set up a meeting if you aren't looking for particularly exquisite food.Ǿ
Best shrimp ever... The food is great, not to say it's all been good, I have had to send back some mussels because they just didn't taste right but I've been going here for over 7 years, very tasty selections, the char grilled octopus in vinagrette dressing is lovely, the shrimp appetizer is heaven, I even get them to make it an entree sometimes... so tasty.  Other then that one time, the mussels in wine are usually very good.  The place is very homey and relaxed.  Definately an older crowd, probably locals.Ǿ
Overall good service, good food. 

Gets busy on Saturdays. Very extensive food list. 

Only complaint is went there for friends 60th bday and they didn't give us anything. 

Definitely try this one again.Ǿ
Wonderful place to be at! The restaurant was small, seemed like a family owned business. I really enjoyed my evening here, as the atmosphere was cozy and service was superb.

Our server was simply fantastic. He had an Italian accent, which was very pleasing to my ears for some reason (lol). He introduced us to the specials of the night, but it was quite overwhelming because there were so many dishes! I passed on the specials and decided to get a pasta. I wanted something simple that night and got a baked Italian sausage marinara pasta. My dish arrived smokin hot and looked so delicious. I think the best part of the night was putting that first bite into my mouth. I was in food heaven for a brief moment because the sauce tasted so good, pasta tender and Italian sausage just perfect. They really made the pasta well, had a very strong home cooked comfort food type of feeling (must have been the environment too)!

The restaurant itself was clean, but I didn't get a chance to visit the washroom. Perhaps I'll sneak in there next time and put it into the review as well. This is a perfect place to take your date or someone special. I will definitely be coming back! :)Ǿ
I was here with no reservation for lunch with a party of three and were promptly seated at 12, but the place filled up very quickly. It seems that the owner was helping serve that day.

We all had the veal and the soup of the day. The veal comes with a side of cooked veggies and some pasta (linguini that day) seasoned appropriately depending how you wanted your veal.

But, oh my god, the veal parm here is to die for.

What a solid meal for $15(?) CAD...Ǿ
Been here several times with family and always a standard italian restaurant.  There menu is large, which usually makes me weary.  But everything I've had has been good / standard.  The waiters are always attentive.  The ambience is nice.  The only problem I've ever had was when I ordered a cappuccino, it was not a cappuccino and I had to send it back... The next time around wasn't any better.  I'd stick to coffee! 

but all around solid spot for classic italian fair.Ǿ
Food did not taste fresh.

Service was excellent though.

There are better restaurants in the neighborhood.Ǿ
The spaghetti was overcooked and the meatballs & sauce did not taste fresh - the meatballs were hard as rocks (dry) and tasted old. 
Plus - the wait staff never bothered to ask how my meal was (or check on me) until the end when I asked for the bill.
I would not go back...Ǿ
I was here for a celebration a few nights ago.

I was blown away by the service. We were a party of 10 and not one need went unnoticed. 
The food  was great. I had the bruscetta and the caprese salad to start. I ended up with the gnocci for my main as well. Off it it fresh and top notch food. 

I can't wait to go there for dinner again