Really enjoyed the wings .   The are local and fresh daily   They have a nice crunch and savory dry rub / seasoning.  The wings come with dipping sauces.  Very creative spin on bar food

PS. They have so many TV screens.   There isn't a bad seat in the house.  Can't wait to watch the Buckeyes at this jointǾ
I first tried the detroiter during their soft open and loved the steak salad. I stopped by last night and was impressed with the "detroiter burger". The fries were really good but almost seemed like they were lacking something. The staff has been super nice and knowledgeable both times I have been there. I hope they last longer than world of beer!Ǿ
My husband and I stopped by for a quick dinner and drinks wanting to try the newest addition to the list of Lakewood restaurants. The atmosphere is really nice...definitely a better layout than the previous business. Friendly, quick, and accurate service! We went with their drink special of the day and ordered several margaritas that were really tasty, although on the smaller side.  For dinner we got the tacos which were very small and not very notable. We also enjoyed the hummus app which seemed a little over priced for what it was. This place is not what you want if you're just looking for a cheap date night. 
If you are GF, other than the tacos, there aren't any choices (other than the usual salad or hamburger without buns). Since my husband has Celiac if it weren't for the tacos we probably would've left and gone somewhere else. Hoping they get more options! 
While I'm glad we tried it we most likely won't be back unless for margaritas.Ǿ
New owners, now serving food, big smiles, brighter and friendlier, fantastic selection of craft beers.Ǿ
Great atmosphere! The interior is beautiful. The beers are great and only $5 every day. The crab cakes were delicious and all of the food at tables surrounding looked great. Awesome service as well! Excited to have this place in Lakewood!Ǿ
Really great food with a selection to please anyone! Drinks are great that only add to the already inviting and intimate environment. Service was quick, never felt rushed and recommendations by our waiter could not have been better. I would really recommend this place to anyone especially on Tuesday for their mussels special!Ǿ
The drinks are decent, the environment its ok the place is nice it just needs more people cuz it was dead, the guacamole was bland and black meaning its old or the avocados were bad when they made the guacamole.  I don't think I'm going backǾ
Stopped in for a few drinks and to watch college football. Service was quick and very helpful! Bartenders were very knowledgable about the beers on tap and willing to give suggestions. $5 craft beers are a great deal. Didn't have food this time, but the menu looked good and I'm looking forward to stopping in again to try it.Ǿ
It was pretty good.  I liked it for the most part. Really nice space. The food was pretty tastey.  they need horseradish for their sausage platter.Ǿ
Dry rub wings are a must. Homemade wing sauce and homemade blue cheese dressing pair well with the very meaty wings. Try the Moscow Mule with Eddy's Gluten Free Texas Vodka. Beer selection for a IPA/Beer people will not disappoint.Ǿ
Stopped in on 4th of July for a drink after the fireworks. The service was great, we were attended to right away even though it was pretty busy. I love all of the craft beers they have on tap, makes it a great place to try new beers. The place itself was nice, I was a fan of World of Beer as far as the location and the inside atmosphere. We didn't have any food this time, but I definitely want to go back and try their food. 

All in all, yeah I would definitely go back for drinks or to even try their food.Ǿ
I went here tonight with my boyfriend. I decided to go with the chicken salad because i wasnt super hungry. There were probably 4 other people in the place when we walked in, and we were told to sit wherever we wanted. The atmosphere is great inside. They have the front open to the outside, and you get a nice street view. My salad was on the expensive side. It was arranged very neatly -its obvious that presentation of the food is important to these guys. I got the feeling the chicken, spinach leaves, & slices of cucumber were intentionally placed on top to disguise the lesser quality items. I actually thought to myself "isn't there supposed to be avacado on here?" And took the time to dig around to find it. Avacado wasnt fresh, and 50% of the salad was iceberg lettuce. Iceberg lettuce is a cheap addition to any salad so i can see why they had layered the salad the way they did. Best part about it was the dressing. They offered my boyfriend another beer when he finished it, but never thought to refill my water. The people were nice that worked there, but i dont think we will go back because of the prices. My rating is 3 stars because the high price, the disappointing salad, and them not offering to refill my water.Ǿ
Visited a couple days ago for dinner. Service was impeccable. Atmosphere basically the se as the prior establishment. Pricing was a tad on the high side. Food, AMAZING! Dessert was fried dough, good lord those were AMAZING! Maple syrup and bacon on top, who could go wrong. 
The one big downside was it was FREEZING in there! Only other thing, they should have done changes with the seating. You're basically on top of each other in the small section we were seated. However, that will not stop us from coming back for dinner!Ǿ
Hello! Sound panels needed! Nice but ridiculously noisy. I do not like hearing chairs scrapping the floor and echoing through the place, not to mention hearing people five tables away. Guacamole was good, burgers good, beer selection could have been better. Music was good and other than the noise the atmosphere was fun. Service was GREAT! If you're deaf and you like good food and great service then this is the place for you!Ǿ
Well, I'm not quite sure how they were lucky enough to get a 4 out of 5 on Yelp. My trip there last night was less then stellar. We were out for my sisters birthday (a table of 12 of us all drinking). The place was dead inside . By 10pm they closed the kitchen. By 11pm they did last call, yes last call at 11pm on a Saturday . Yes there drinks are nice but who does an 11pm last call on a Saturday night ?!Ǿ
These wings. Man, one of the best in town. They are dry rub, super tasty wings on their own but they give you three dipping sauces to add an extra punch of flavor! I don't think I've ever ordered anything else and I've been there enough that that is embarrassing. 

They have $5 drafts all the time with a pretty decent list of craft brews.  We've always been in when the place is plenty empty and got very attentive service. I do hope, though, that they have much busier evenings because I would like to see them stick around.

They have lots of big TVs, blah blah sports stuff if you're into that thing!Ǿ
Food is solid and of good quality. So hard to find a burger when I only want grass fed beef, and decent veggies. This place has both. Beer selection is also excellent with lots of local brews on tap and in bottles. Service has been great every time as well.Ǿ
Amazing food, leaving full and satisfied. Got the buffalo chicken sandwhich and bf got the chicken wings . Please do yourself a favor and try it for yourself, you will not regret ! Will be returning soon :) p.s drinks and service with bartenders were perfect !Ǿ
Great place and amazing food! Good beer selection and great service. Why more people don't crowd this bar is insane! But it's perfect for me cuz I always get a seat! Come eat here! Amazing atmosphere.Ǿ
Food is good. But overpriced. Beer selection is ok. However it seems the detroiter is going for more of an upscale presentation on comfort food. Its unique. Ive been here 3 times. First two times were met with good food and terrible service. Our 3rd time was today. 100% better experience. Great service. Food was good but pricy for what it was. A cocktail isnt worth 8.50. I may go back but only if i dont mind blowing 70 bucks on myself and my girlfriend. There are much better upscale burger joints in the area that are affordable. I really want to like this place. I do. I just wish it were cheaper.Ǿ
This place is a great replacement to the previous experiment that they tried.  The foods is very good, service is always great and top notched beer selection.Ǿ
First time here after the world of beers sadly closed... Two weeks new and you can tell... The staff was okay... The guy that took our order "Rak" was pretty cool and told us what was delicious on the menu as well as the whiskey bourbon trail we were interested in... 

We had the Wednesday $3 taco which was really good I must admit surprisingly!! The entree which was chicky chicky chicken Panko crusted served with seasoned corn on the cob and delicious mash potatoes & corn bread that was sensational!! 

All & all the food was really really good as far as what we ordered. I would love to see this place succeed for many years to come. It is tough to keep a business opened in Ohio, but if they are worth supporting AND the food is exceptionally GOod!! Definitely will be coming back to try the rest of the menu!!Ǿ
Great beer selection, love the bar itself, good food (liked the guacamole and the ribs)!Ǿ
Great service. Great food. Awesome environment. I'd recommend checking this place out! Awesome replacement for the last establishment and I'd suggest taking the recommendation from your bartender or server. They haven't steered me wrong yet!Ǿ
To start off the food is just terrible me and my girlfriend went there because another restaurant was over packed and we didn't want to wait so we went to this place. I ordered the here chicky chicky and she had the southern fried chicken. Her chicken was completely burnt, the mashed potatoes were dry and didn't have any flavor. My tortilla were really dry also and had a weird flavor that ruined the rest of the meal. The customer service was bad as well we only saw our waiter one time until we were done and it was time to pay it was an overall bad experience from start to finish and I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone.Ǿ
They got my order wrong.  It took way too long to receive what I ordered to come out.  Service is VERY slow.  The appropriate thing to do would have been to offer to remove our appetizer or discount our check.  The food was pretty good.  Nothing original though.  We won't be back due to lack of customer service.Ǿ
This is the old World Of Beer. It's amazing how a few simple changes make a world of difference! Nice ambiance. Great food. Good prices. Wife loved the fried chicken and berry mojito. Remarked how much better it was the the Oak Barrel in Valley View. Meat loaf was yummy. Bourbon flight made it even better. Overall great new place to check out on Lakewood.Ǿ
Stopped in for lunch and sat on the little outdoor/indoor patio.  Lunch was awesome, it's a clean smaller menu that doesn't overwhelm you like some restaurants.  I had the burger and it was awesome, great flavor, done perfect and the fries were homemade.  Definitely going back!Ǿ
One of the most bland and mediocre meals I have ever had.  Had dinner here last Thursday.  Wanting to check out the new spot in Lakewood.

I had the Pork Chops w/ Brussel Sprouts (they have some clever name on the actual menu but I cannot remember it) and I don't think they even used salt for cooking with as neither the pork chops, nor the brussel sprouts has any kind of seasoning I could tell.  Very bland tasting.  The pork chops themselves were cooked well (meaning they weren't under cooked or burnt), but I've cooked better at home, which is not what you want to think when paying the prices they ask for.  They just did not have much flavor. And what I found insulting was that the apple sauce side it was served with, seemed to just be Mott's apple sauce scooped onto the plate with some cinnamon sprinkled on it.  

The brussel sprouts themselves, again, seemed to be cooked pretty good, just steamed and put on the plate, but again I don't think even salt was at all used in the cooking or afterwards.  Just steamed brussel sprouts.  Not at all cooked with the bacon they were served with, which I am almost certain were just bacon bits for salads, sprinkled on it, though to their credit at least they used Real Bacon Bits instead of the imitation stuff.

The fries were good and the meatball appetizer I had was pretty good and probably best part of the meal.

While the prices were not high, they were for the quality of the meal I ate.  Judging from the other reviews it looks like I should stick to their burgers and not their entrees.

The service was good, no complaints there.  But there is a lot of much better experiences to find in this great city of Lakewood and if they continue with quality of a meal I had, they will meet the same fate World of Beer did.Ǿ
Have been to The Detroiter several times and the service and food is always great.  Favorite day is Sunday with our new pal Cass!  Definitely recommend you check this place out.