Don't order their burgers. Their staff is very under trained and will not make it correctly. Burnt or raw those are the options.笑
Went for a drive looking for a nice breakfast place and was delighted to stumble upon The Egg I am. The atmosphere and décor was warm and inviting.  The staff was welcoming with sincere smiles and attentive.  My husband loves his breakfasts and is very picky - he was most happy here and thoroughly enjoyed his meal as did I!  We're looking forward to our next visit in a couple of weeks as the menu of breakfast and lunch meals is plentiful! We may even try a table outside; looks very pleasant in the shade!  We highly recommend to everyone.笑
The service was great, Your server always has a smile and great attitude.
I'm been there a few times but waiting to write this review. It is a busy place on the weekends, so plan a 30 to 45 min wait during the peak hours. The nice thing is that while you wait, they do have coffee and water outside. Not a big place so it fills up fast. The menu is simple,but good food item to select. Priced in the $6.00 to $9.00 range, not bad price for the food served.
The food is good with a twist on the basic egg and bacon & hash browns.
They kick it up a bit with some interesting menu selections. 
I'm a fan living in Gilbert, worth the drive.笑
Great food, low cost, friendly staff-the strawberry banana pancakes rock!! Kid friendly!!笑
Great service.  Our favorite breakfast spot in the area.  Love the eggs benedict and vanilla coffee!笑
We will never darken their doorstep again.
My sister recommended this after church today and she said it was amazing.  We are always in the mood to try something new so we gave it a shot. Waited about 10 minutes for a table,  sat down and looked over the menu.  We ordered two breakfast sandwiches and a pancake, does that sound like a hard order? No.
Waiting...
Waiting...waiting...
We are waiting for our food and our waitress says they haven't forgotten our order its the kitchen that's backed up, waiting some more but theres plates of food going out to tables that arrived after us. Our pancake and my sandwich comes out, both stone cold. Where's our other sandwich?  And our potato dish? We send the first food back to get fresh and my moms sandwich comes out and that's cold, but the potatoes are hot. The manager comes over and we tell her our problem and she takes my moms sandwich and says it will be redone and that the meal will be on her. She brings my moms sandwich back out to only know that it was reheated, and wheres the rest of the food? "We claimed we didn't want it redone."  So we just said forget about the food and we got up and left. Have decided to go to a better breakfast spot that's very popular.笑
This was our first and last visit.  I ordered a club sandwich and asked for extra pickles and the waitress had to ask how much they will charge. Half a buck for one pickle spear... I'm not cheap but that's tacky nickel  and dime, oh I'm sorry half a buck. BS. Did I mention 25 min to get our meal when not that busy?笑
We have been there several times. Love the unique menu and the nice staff. Our food has always been top notch. A tad pricy but seems to be worth it.笑
Stumbled across this place on a Sunday morning and after trying other local breakfast places and being underwhelmed I didn't have high hopes.      This place proved me way wrong!    

From the greeter at the front desk we felt welcomed!!       Our server was great.   He was very polite, responsive, and came by table often to refill our drinks.    

I had the avocado toast that comes on yummy grain bread, soft egg, mushed avocado and pink salt.    It was just perfect!!   

Hubs had some egg plate with potatoes and bacon.     He ate it all so it must have been good.     

We will definitely be back!!    Often!    Thanks!!笑
I've come here a few time with a friend and recently started bringing my husband and our infant. The service is consistently good and the food is delicious. I love the chocolate chip pancake and that it comes with an egg and bacon/sausage. I prefer the bacon and theirs is nice and crispy. My husband tried one of their fresh juices last time and enjoyed that as well. We are definitely keeping The Egg & I on our regular rotation.笑
I don't know how long this place has been here, but thank you Yelp for helping me find it. My mom and I met here for breakfast, and we were both pleasantly surprised. We both ordered different varieties of Eggs Benedict, and they were pretty good. I liked the variety of the menu- lots of their menu items had unique flavor combinations, not just your typical "dineresque" selections. Their seasonal coffee was good, and their brand of hot sauce at the table was tasty too.
One downside for me was the way you pay. I don't like paying at the front where everyone is waiting for a table. It makes the entryway super crowded in an already busy restaurant. Definitely makes it seem a little hectic and disorganized.笑
NOTE: 4 STARS IS FOR THE FOOD. Service is a whole different story. Careful for the 16 year olds hosting because they'll likely drop the ball when you're there. I'm assuming that their inexperience and being overwhelmed by the high weekend volume is the cause for them to skip names. It's not the servers fault that they get double sat and lack in service because of it. I blame the hostesses. Also, they have no baby changing station. Isn't that illegal? 

However, in their defense I like this breakfast restaurant more than their competitors (the good egg etc.). Their corned beef hash and biscuits and gravy are amazing!!!!  Great coffee and freshly squeezed orange juice, too!笑
Great Price, Great food.   Very clean, friendly and attentive service.  Be prepared to wait sunday morning.笑
This place is around the corner from my house so it is extremely convenient. We have been here a few times and the food was always good. We went in the other day and was disappointed that the menu has been completely re-done which eliminated my favorite meal (green chili chicken hash) and the prices seemed to have gone up. Still enjoyed the meal, but wish the menu hadn't changed.笑
The service was very good, the food, well,  it wasn't so good. The potatoes were very salty, almost like too much season salt. For as fast as our breakfast came out, it was lukewarm at best, my eggs were good, everything else was salty, due to potatoes I believe. My wife's eggs were really wet for scrambled eggs. I have eaten here a few times before and everything was really good, something happened. Too bad, it's close to home and usually not crowded, time to find somewhere else笑
I was totally disappointed with my breakfast order, I had colorado jack scramble way small portion, and a waffle, way over priced at 17 dollars, manager told me they just uped the prices, needless to say I won't be giving them any more business!!!笑
I was encouraged to see a breakfast spot open in SE Gilbert since we have so few, but after dining here today, I would drive 20 mins to a place I know serves hot, decent food. We waited 30 mins, not too bad. The server took a bit before she came to take our drink order. I ordered a skillet with no onions, she circled this on her order form to "ensure she got it right."  The food took a while because "the kitchen was backed up" and when it finally came I had onions on top of and inside my skillet. When the skillet came out again, the eggs were barely cooked as I am sure they tried to rush the incorrect order. My husband's eggs benedict was cold, especially the hollandaise sauce. The most unappetizing part of this restaurant is all of the flys clinging to the walls and booth partitions, no fans, no air movement, lots of flys... disgusting. We will not return and we wasted $25.笑
I went here with my family for a late breakfast on Saturday. I had the Mexican omelett and my wife had the biscuits and gravy. It was all very tasty. My only complaint is that we had to wait about a half hour when there were clearly empty tables. We were there during a prime time for a breakfast/ lunch place. It seems strange to not be all the way staffed up.笑
Not anything special. Food wasn't too bad service was good. I would have rather gone to my ultimate favorite place The Gilbert House!笑
Good food and service. Nothing fancy - run of the mill breakfast joint. Prefer more character, but would eat there again if pressed for time.笑
I was glad to see a breakfast restaurant open around the corner from me. Since it's opening we've eaten here 3 times (breakfast only). I can't say I'm really impressed. The service is good, very warm & welcoming but the food is just okay. The price doesn't jusify what you get. I'd rather make the drive and get a better tasting breakfast for less money.笑
First time trying this restaurant, and we won't be back. It took 45 minutes to get breakfast. Water glasses were not refilled, and we weren't asked if we wanted another pot of coffee. The potatoes were lukewarm/cold and hard as bricks. The egg dish was OK. My husband said his biscuits were hard. Not worth the time or money to return when better places are nearby.笑
The menu is big which normally scares me because of complications in the kitchen, but the food was great! The steaks ares good cuts for breakfast steaks, the food was all hot when it arrived. The also give you a carafe of your drink or coffee so you can eat in peace. The owner visited out table and she was tuned in to our feedback. The only thing you need to remember is get there early! It was open for 2 weeks when we went. I was very happy with the experience!笑
This is the first time I have written a review of any kind.
We have been going to the Egg I Am for several years. The food is always very good. What has us coming back is the sevice! Debbie is by far the best server around.  She is attentive and always gets the order right even with special requests.  She just always brighten our day. Not to take away from the other employees but she is amazing! Kristen笑
Food was ok, not incredibly special, biggest issue was the luke warm tepratures. It seemed it had been sitting for some time before it was served. The service was really poor and at one point had to go find my waitress to get my check. Just a poorly managed staff. Didn't feel welcome and the hostess seemed bothered by our visit. Won't return here and won't recommend.笑
Took my 4 yr old for brunch yesterday, food was good, price was decent service was very good, but the man in the back screaming and yelling profanities actually scared my son to the point where he struggled to eat. If you take your kids ask to not sit by the kitchen. Food and service 4 stars, but had to give a 1 for obvious reasons.笑
The chicken salad sandwich was really good!! I've been craving it since I've been last. I will for sure be back to try more items from the menu. The customer service could have been a little better considering the place wasn't very busy at the time we went. But overall good food!笑
I love this spot for brunch meetups with my friends. The portions are large, the service is friendly, the food is yummy. They always take good care of us and I love their healthy options.笑
I've eaten here a few times and the food is very good. Had the Mexican skillet most recently and it was a very good breakfast dish. The food is great and the portions are huge. 

The only reason they got 3 stars is the staff was not the most competent. A couple of them were rude. The manager seemed irritated when we asked for a couple of the outdoor heaters to be turned on. Apparently they were "broken" according to staff, however they were just out of propane. FILL YOUR TANKS.

When our checks were brought back after the cards were ran, the guy stood there and waited for us to sign them (weird). I asked him if I could have a couple minutes as we were just finishing up, he said sure, took one step backward, and smiled at me, standing 36 inches from where he was before. The grin on his face suggested he hadn't a clue. He sat there until we signed. BACK OFF. Give the customers a chance to sign their bill without hovering. You weren't in need of our table because nobody else was on the patio. 

Overall the food is great, but the staff leaves something to be desired. Fill your propane tanks and don't hover.笑
Great breakfast spot, I liked the idea of the free meeting room. I had the Green Chile Chicken Hash and I thought it was great. The coffee (Pecan) was good too but wasn't that hot. Good service and everyone was friendly. I did go back with the whole family Debbie was a great server, breakfast was awesome for everyone. My only knock was when I ordered a side of corned beef hash I ended up with a side of hashed potatoes but since I'm a meat n potatoes kind of guy, I ate it anyway and was still ok with it. 

The picture of my son says a lot, propped up in the corner of the booth with 2 bites of his adult size pancake left on his plate with his hood over his head like he went to battle with his food and lost.笑
This was our second visit. I wish the I could give separate reviews for both food and service. The food was exceptional as was the first visit. The service today killed the whole experience.  None of the servers seem to have a clue what was going on. My server in particular was just totally lost. The management was not any better than the regular servers. After waiting for coffee and tea refills we've finally asked a supervisor where is our phantom server to receive refills for our tea & coffee? She said they would be refilled right away. Well, the refills still never arrived & we did not ever see our server. Well after speaking and complaining to the supervisor we still not receiving our drink refills I called over the general manager and complained to her about the extremely poor service that we were receiving.  She informed me that "she" would be right back with the refills but she also never returned. Finally after consuming most of our breakfast we did get one of the refills but not the second one and that is only because we asked a different server who was walking by with a coffee pot to refill our coffee. Just as we were getting ready to leave we finally got our refills but now it was way too late. I finally flagged down our server and asked for my check and she gave it to me and I gave her my card immediately to pay so I wouldn't have to wait and I did not see it or her for another 10 minutes. The food is good but I don't think it's worth the bad service that they provided both times.笑
What an absolute joke this place is!  We were told the wait would be 20 min. 45 minutes later we were told 15 minutes & the entire time there were many empty tables, 10 at last count. When I asked why we are all waiting so long the answer was, my manager asked me to stop seating tables for a while. I understand the kitchen needing to catch up, but it was ridiculous & completely unprofessional.  Won't be back until we see the manager name on the door change, because this lady has no clue what she's doing!笑
Egg and I restaurant had wonderful  service, food was out fast. I had a spinach bacon omelet and liked the fact bacon was crumbled. My sister had frittata and liked it. They had a good kids menu also. Plenty of seating and no wait on Sunday at 930am.笑
Always a good experience.  Great menu options and friendly service.  We've been coming here for about 3 years and it's been consistently great.笑
I would say good but not great. Ordered pancakes but had to flag down a server to get syrup. Worth a trip really. I'll go back. Staff is friendly but seems a bit stressed with the crowded conditions on weekends. Good coffee.笑
Good atmosphere, friendly staff, ordered orange juice (fresh squeezed) odwalla. For a $1.00 more you get a carafe for a second glass...nice. I ordered bisquits, gravy and eggs, gravy was a little spicy for me. The eggs were perfect. They don't have an option for hash browns only breakfast potatoes and an option for crispier potatoes.笑
Food is great, service can be a little hit and miss. It's never terrible, just not always great. On weekends there is always a wait so be prepared for that. My husband loves the green chile chicken hash. I usually order from the "lighter" menu and get something like the oatmeal or yogurt parfait.笑
In a strip mall, but don't let that deter you.  It is good food with great service.  The patio on a gorgeous day is a great way to enjoy breakfast.  During peak times (weekend mornings), there will be a wait, but it will be worth it.笑
The waitress was awesome and the food was awesome. I had the breakfast burrito with green Chile and salsa and it definitely did not disappoint!!笑
Plenty of indoor and outdoor seating. Was seated right away on a busy Saturday morning. Outside has misters to cool you down on a hot summer morning.  Started with their coffee and was pleasantly surprised. Rainforest Alliance certified Arabica coffee.  Bold taste. I followed my coffee order with the Sante Fe Huevos.  A warm flour tortilla layered with seasoned black beans, pepper jack cheese and two eggs over easy. Topped with salsa, guacamole, fresh tomatoes, sour cream and fresh green onions. Served with ranch potatoes. Can't go wrong with this!  One of the best bfast dishes I've had eating out.笑
Great little place to do for Sunday breakfast with the family.  Very nice servers,  ok food (it was barely warm) at a fair price, colored pencils instead of crayons for the kids. :). They also allowed me to charge my phone at the hostess desk.  2 thumbs up.笑
Great place to check out on a Sunday morning. Our server was quick and pleasant.  The food is pretty consistant and we rarely need to wait too long for our table or our food.

 One of our go to spots for a Sunday breakfast.笑
Great bteakfast!  The green chili chicken hash was the best. If we were not visitors this place would be on the top of my favorites listm笑
My parents actually turned us onto this place (usually we're the ones to introduce them to new places). We went on a Sunday around 11, they were pretty packed but we were seated quickly enough. The place has a quaint, country charm vibe.

Our waiter was very attentive and after realizing how fast we go through iced tea and water he brought us adorable little pitchers! My Mom and I ordered the eggs benedict. I liked everything but the ham (I'm not big on ham to begin with though). I'm very picky about my poached eggs being cooked properly and can go all Gordon Ramsey if they're messed up. They were perfect! I really loved the hollandaise too.I forget what my Dad and hubby ordered but they loved theirs as well. 

We'll definitely be going back here regularly!笑
Arrived 10:00 am on Monday. About ten minutes to be seated and server was on us fast. All orders were accurate and very good. Service was very good, nice place, small but nice. We sat on the large patio, tables could have used table cloths but was nice. Bathrooms clean as was the clientele. Food was well presented and both tasty and pretty. Bill for 4 was only 50.00 buck, will definitely return. The menu offered a large selection that satisfied all.笑
Yelp,  emailed me to ask where I have been.   I haven't done any reviews lately.  I have been working 11 hour days, finally sold my house and now I'm packing to move out.  BUT before I leave let me slam a restaurant that makes too much money and doesn't deserve it! They get a minus any stars...zip...this place has been inconsistent, expensive, I've swatted flies, sent back a salad that looks like a rabbit patch, have been,  ignored by the wait staff, and served blase, below average, debauchery.  Stay away from this pitiful dumping ground of sadness.  After entering their world of shortages, lack of knowledge on how to serve a guest, we got up and left.  Server passed us 5 times, no water, no coffee, no words were exchanged...no apologies...we walked!!笑
Very disappointed with the service we received today.  Waitress never even introduced herself when she came to take our order. Not friendly at all. She was training a new employee but never bothered to mention that to us either, just asked for our breakfast order. My kids got a refill on their drink that came with the kids meal, but we were charged for the refill. Would have been nice to have known that the refills were not free! Then she was annoyed when I mentioned to her that she should have let us know when we ordered that there is an additional charge for refills. Not a very good role model when you're training a new employee! Food was mediocre. Mediocre food + poor service = we won't be returning. 

Update: we returned to give this establishment one more try. This was a much different and better experience. We were immediately greeted when we walked in the door, and our server was very kind and attentive. She Introduced herself, took our order, checked on us several times, and the food was very good. Much different experience. The owner also introduced himself to us and made sure we had a good experience. Thank you for making this a much better visit than last time!笑
Ate breakfast there on a Saturday morning (sat outside).  It was busy, but the crowd was handled quickly and efficiently.  Server was great, attentive and prompt.  Food was impressive and arrived at our table in a timely fashion.  Although there is not much out that was as to a great b-fast joint, this place was great.  I would recommend and will return.笑
This restaurant just opened so there is a learning curve.  The food was good and the wait staff VERY friendly.  Will be returning.笑
Nothing special IMO. Long wait to get seated and for food. Server wasn't paying attention to things we requested. Wasn't outrageously bad, but we won't be back笑
What a difference a few months makes. Had a great breakfast meeting and the service was OUTSTANDING! Tentative, efficient, no waiting. The food was superb and the service matched the quality. I love a restaurant that responds to a complaint by making adjustments. Can't wait to go again.笑
It wasn't too shabby, but it's nothing to write home about. I liked it better then the good egg. I got the Texas something and another. It was pretty good but I'm not a fan of ranch potatoes. I asked if they had hash browns and they don't even serve em (bummer). The thing I kind of resented was that they don't have a baby changing station in either bathroom. Went to change my daughter and I had to go to my car and change her. A little inconvenient, but oh well. The waitress was super nice. Moral of the story is we'll be back but it won't be a staple.笑
Decent breakfast chow, in a nice setting coupled w/ friendly service.

Broad menu and our party were all pleased w/ their food.  Biscuits and gravy were just okay, but the pork sausage patties were very tasty.  Sole potato option is of the diced variety, and it would be nice if hash browns were added to the menu.  Service was friendly and efficient. 

We arrived on a Sunday before 8, and were immediately seated. By 0815, the place was nearly full.  Outdoor seating is plentiful, which was good for the sweaty bicyclists that arrived en masse after their road workout.

Cheers!
RS笑
Great atmosphere, friendly staff. I had the Greek frittata it was amazing. The Apple cinnamon granola pancake is absolutely incredible. Ordered it for dessert. Only thing I might change, next time I'll order the pancake for an appetizer so I can enjoy it before I get too full.笑
The food was amazing!! But the service from Kellie was outstanding! This girl was attentive and so friendly. I will be back! Customer for life !!笑
To quote my wife "The best waffle she ever had in her life & it doesn't need syrup!"

Place is pretty busy but they seat you fast and the service is always friendly.  

The eggs are really good and you can add cheese and even get stuffed French toast with eggs. 

Kids love the waffles and prices are really good for what you get.  

The waffle "Sugar & Spice" (Pumpkin Pecan) is the one my wife said was the greatest ever and it might be seasonal so for that reason alone we will be back next weekend.笑
This place is brand new and still working out the kinks. We waited quite awhile but the food was absolutely amazing and well worth the wait! All the staff is very friendly. Great little brunch spot. We will definitely be back!笑
The food was ok, not anything special...especially not for the price! However, I would have rated it a 3 star had they been honest and forthcoming with me. I asked if I could substitute a pancake instead of the English muffin that came with the meal and the server said I could. He said nothing about any additional cost. However, when we got the bill there was an extra $4.30 charge!!!!!!!!!!! Is that not someting you think to mention?????? I feel like it was completely dishonest. I will probably never return.笑
We had to wait 10 minutes for a server to acknowledge us. When I asked for something quick for my 18 month old I was given some attitude, but everyone else seemed nice. Our food was good. The holiday specials were tasty. It's close and not too pricey. They didn't charge us for our baby's food which was nice.笑
20 minute wait in a Sunday at 11am- not too bad. Must mean food is good.  I got chicken egg white omelette with avocado & green chile with a side of fruit $9-huge & good
Kids got rasberry granola pancakes with yogurt on top $6-incredible 
Hubbie got Mexican burrito smothered in green pork sauce- $9 really great 
Drank waters-$32 total with tip
Service excellent 
Will be back  ;)笑
Been here twice and we will become regulars for sure! Last weekend we tried the seasonal Pumpkin waffle and it was AMAZING! Service is always great and everything we've tried from the menu has been delicious. Highly recommend!笑
horrible breakfast. I ordered scrambled eggs and received what tasted like powdered eggs ! this is supposed to be a breakfast/brunch restaurant. 

don't stop here !笑
Pancakes are massive!! But honestly it's quite expensive, and not really anything special. The location, however,  is good. It's close to home, so it's convenient.笑
I went here yesterday, and not disappointed. The waitress was great and the food was delicious.笑
Favorite breakfast Benedict place. Good service, nice booths, good coffee. They even have the rarest jam, blackberry!笑
So I have been here a few more times after my initial review and I'm sad to say I will not be returning. While the service is good, the food has been mediocre at best, food quality is not great nothing special here. Stinks it's the only breakfast place right now jn the area.笑
Used to be great. Now there's crappy service, the manager sucks and they are always messing up our order. This is the last time we are going there笑
Have been there many times and every time the food has been great.  The servers are always nice and you always get the feeling that it's my mom cooking in the kitchen .  Highly recommend笑
This place is okay. I would rather go to IHOP than go here though. I mean there's really nothing too special about this breakfast joint. And their name is so confusing because when you enter they have a different name due to copy rights or whatever. I ordered their Benedicts, it was good but nothing special for $13 dollars.笑
Wow,v this place was so good at first. I had it at 5 stars because the food and service was really great. Now, I wouldn't touch this place. Service has gone way down hill. They don't refill and when an order comes out wrong they ask, well do you want something else. Um, no, why don't you try getting my order right. Eggs are not fresh. I wondered why they tasted watery.  I asked and the beat all the scrambled eggs together in a big batch and then ladle out what they need, so in other words it sits there from early morning. Gross. The biscuits and gravy came out cold. Never again.笑
Service goes a long way as well as attitude and when you lack both you lack customers. Unfortunately with the attitude and lack of service from the hostess you will now be losing four customers today. Now..... will that send you into bankruptcy, no..... but I vote with my dollar and my dollar will now go somewhere else.笑
My son loves eggs everything about them how to prepare how to whip them hard boiled. I took him here before we have a day together of talking and walking to the comic book store, train store and he said Dad those eggs were good. They were sunny side up not burned not slimly and they made the smile face with the bacon and toast were ears. I like little touches like that seem like a gimmick but to a little boy without a high chair it's a big smile and it takes such little effort for the cook (I used to be a cook) or the server to make a plate look good.笑
First visit today. Nice clean place and no wait on this Tuesday morning @8:30. Our waitress was very friendly and efficient. I chose the Eggs Benedict which came with thier ranch seasoned home fries. My eggs were cooked perfectly, thank you. My friend had the French toast which came on a platter sized plate, they were quite large. It was noted the french toast wasn't spectacular...more like grilled bread was her description, they could have used more batter and maybe some vanilla. The coffee was very good. All-in-all it was a success and I will definitely return. I do have to say it was a bit spendy for breakfast. Our bill for two was $22 & change before tax & tip.笑
On a recent Sunday morning around 8:00 AM, I went here for breakfast with my wife and two young children.  They were busy, as expected at this time of day, but not full.  We were seated right away and there were several other empty tables.  The hostess quickly brought a high chair, kids menu and colors. The waitress came quickly and took our drink order.  

Everything went fine until it took seemingly forever to get our food.  We watched as two other tables (one also a family) received their food before us even though they were seated and ordered well after us.  Our waitress kept stopping by and telling us that ours should be ready "any minute". Finally I pointed out the other two tables and within a minute she brought our food.  However, my omelette was warm at best and my hash browns were cold.  My wife's French Toast was cold as well.  My omelette was also flat, think more like a fried egg texture instead of a thicker almost fluffy omelette as one would normally expect.  

So it was a disappointing experience because this seems like a nice place and it is close to us.  Hopefully our experience was an exception so we will try it once more, but this experience was unsatisfactory due to food quality and timeliness of service.笑
The food was great and the service to. one of the best breakfast places I ate in the Phoenix area笑
I have been here a couple of times for breakfast and the food and service have been very good. Their Benedict's are very good and just the right amount of hollandaise sauce. Coffee is delish and they put a carafe on the table so you can refill at will. My only complaint is the ranch potatoes...both times I've had them they were way over salted, almost like the potatoes were soaked in a brine. I have one request...make the jalapeno cake benedicts that you had as a special in August a regular menu item!笑
Thank you The Egg I Am for a wonderful lunch. Well will be back!!! I had the Chopped Salad. Very tasty!!笑
Not the best but pretty good. I wouldn't make this place my fav rest but still ok with every once in a while. Not good service.笑
Took my sister here for brunch. She had dietary limitations and explained to the server what she wanted. Her meal was beyond her expectations and was delicious. I had the breakfast sandwich and it was super delish. I like how you are served a carafe of your beverages and I especially liked that the cashier reminded me of a discount I wasn't aware of.  I will be back for sure!笑
The food was average at best. It is a little pricier that your bigger breakfast franchise.   Our drinks came out after breakfast was served.  Our order wasnt quite right either. But they did quickly corrected it.   I asked the manager if they would honor another locations coupon and she said no as they are seperate franchise.  I completely understood.  I politely asked if this franchise was planning on a coupon for this location .  She responded in an arrogant "no".  I, as a customer politely encouraged her as its great business and customer appreciation!  Her response was rude rather than a polite, "great idea" or even.."oh yeah?" Even if she had no intention...just be polite!  Instead I got, "business is doing quite well without it, I have no problem- we have been quite busy and we do take care of our regulars"....just a tad rude for my liking,especially from the owner.  As if to allude that she did not appreciate our business?   Make your own decision..but I wont frequent or recommend this restaurant. I just didn't care for her and the food was "meh"...Service can make or break a place. On a scale if 5 the food was a 3 (average), but the attitude brought it down to a 2:/笑
The best fluffy eggs. They always make the eggs exactly the way you want them. Very friendly service. Try the wild mushroom and veggie hash.笑
It's rare to say breakfast is amazing, usually good or fare is my standard response. But this is amazing. All the ingredients are good. The choices are great.  Service has been above average, very attentive. Our new favorite breakfast spot.笑
Breakfast is consistently yummy and fresh.  Servers are kind. Brendan is one of the nicest and most attentive. Good solid place for breakfast!笑
Terribly disappointed in our visit. Waitress seemed cranky and not interested, food took forever, and it came out wrong. Waited forever for our waitress to check on us, sent our food back and it came out wrong again. I just ate my omelette since at this point the whole table was done eating. No apologies, not even an acknowledgment from management. Bad service and mediocre food at best. Save your money!笑
The service is excellent and the servers are very nice and also helped me to make a great choice with suggestions from the menu. The lemonade is delicious and homemade,  not from the soda machine.  My whole family always enjoy having breakfast or lunch at Egg I am  !笑
The place was packed on a Saturday but the wait wasn't too bad. My husband ordered French toast without powdered sugar. It came out wrong but they made him a new one fairly quickly. I had a waffle and bacon. Both were good, but mine was better ;-) Super yummy and hit the spot! I informed the server that I drink LOTS of water and he brought out a pitcher (and kept refilling it for me!) Our server didn't have much personality but he was efficient so I have no complaints there. 

My recommendation to the owners- have the servers take the checks so you pay at the table. The combination of people waiting to pay and people waiting to get in gets quite overwhelming. I think it also discourages business because people walking up see this mass of humanity and think their wait will be too long. Actuality is that at least 1/3 of them are simply waiting to pay.笑
Our waitress was friendly at first but a little scattered throughout our service.  My friend and I ordered different things to try some dishes and all were very yummy.  The eggs, which for me is the most important part of breakfast, were cooked perfectly.  We didn't feel rushed, considering there was a line to get in.  We will be back.笑
I got the heuvos rancheros and was disappointed because it wasn't authentic. It was refried beans on a tortilla with an egg on top, so it was really a taco. The chorizo wasn't very spicy and the green chilies and pork topping had very little pork and chiles. My friend got the eggs, bacon, with hollandaise sauce and loved it, gave it five stars so it must be I ordered poorly.笑
This is a nice little breakfast spot. The coffee they serve is fresh and they even have special blends (the caramel crunch was terrific!). My wife ordered the huevos rancheros and I ordered the apple cinnamon pancake with bacon. Overall the food was okay. The most disappointing part were the potatoes.... I didn't even touch them after the first bite. It was nice to try something different but I don't think I'd drive past the good egg, I hop, or snooze to go come here again.笑
After driving out to Joe's Farm Grill and encountering the usual Saturday morning MOB, hubby and I decided to make our way to some place a little on the quieter side. We've driven by The Egg I Am many times, but this morning, we finally gave it a try. I'm glad I didn't read the Yelp reviews first, though,  because they certainly don't do the breakfast we had this morning justice. 

Hubby had a blueberry pancake. It looked amazing. It smelled amazing. It tasted amazing. (How could I not have a bite?)  I ordered a very basic breakfast with a side of sausage gravy - which was absolutely delicious. The potatoes were some of the best I've ever had. We had a nice quiet table just off the patio so the ambiance was exactly what we were looking for. Zach, our waiter, was top-notch. Seriously, we couldn't have asked for a better breakfast! 

The downside....

I would have given The Egg I Am five stars but for one thing, the prices are a tad high and probably the ONLY reason this restaurant didn't have a Saturday morning mob the way Joe's Farm Grill always does.笑
The Egg I am is my favorite place for our usual Sunday morning brunch. The lines are long for a reason. Very clean with fast service. 90% of the wait staff is very knowledgeable of the menu and available options. Appreciate the outdoor coffee and water.笑
New in the area.  Clean and good breakfast place.  The egg white omelet was delicious.  I will frequent this establishment.  Nice patio as well...笑
Terrible, overpriced and ill mannered waitresses. I ordered skillet potatoes with a side of avocado. The skillet potatoes were OK. The waitress was irritated because I asked for a whole avocado. I can't understand what's so difficult about that. Her response was "I don't know if we can do that. I'll have to check to see of we can do that." Strange. She comes back and tells me that the avocado was going to be $4. $4!! For an avocado. That's about a 400% markup for something that requires almost zero preparation. Our meals were all delivered at separate times. My husband's omelette came back incorrect. We were treated like he was supposed to just be quiet and eat it. No apology. Just a justification that she didn't enter it incorrectly. The chicken in his omelette looked less than appetizing. He described it as canned chicken. It wasn't but might as well have been. He asked for extra chicken on the side. I kid you not it was about a tablespoon of chicken for $3.  His diet coke looked like three day old soda because it was so flat. When it was mentioned to our waitress she quickly and with no concern said she'd have the lines changed. Another flat soda came out less than a minute later. I can assure that soda lines can't be changed that quickly. There was no intent to correct it. Here's your soda and you'll drink it whether you like it our not. My daughters oatmeal was less than desirable.  How do you need up oatmeal?! And the kids meal was almost $6 for a single pancake and a slice of bacon.

Disappointing to say the least.笑
We've been coming here since they've opened. I feel like the quality of the food has gone down big time. They've gotten a few orders incorrect. But the last time we went there my sandwich had a moldy tomato on it. I was super excited to have a new place in the neighborhood. But we will not be going back.笑
Very good food. Had to wait 45 minutes, which I would never typically do, and it was worth the wait. Coffee was fantastic and the food was better!!笑
My husband and I stopped by before 7am on a weekday so it was blissfully empty. Service was friendly and prompt. We got coffee right away, and it tasted pretty good. We got actual creamer instead of those plastic cups of half and half so extra points for that.

I was pleasantly surprised by my veggie benedict. There were lots of my favorites veggies like artichokes and asparagus under my poached eggs, and the hollandaise had a good tangy flavor. My husband was satisfied with his biscuits and gravy, but we was wishing for more sausage.

Special thanks to the waitress who mistook my long-haired husband for a woman. I love a good belly laugh that early in the morning.笑
Good food but waited nearly an hour to be seated even after calling for reservations.  They're not adequately equipped to host large parties (6+).笑
Today was our second visit to 'The Egg I Am' on a Sunday. We arrived around 9:00AM and not a bad wait to be seated, 30 minutes. The complimentary coffee is a nice perk to have available while waiting. Once seated, it took 30 minutes for our food to arrive (during both visits). It has been over 6 weeks or more since they have been open and it is a shame that at both visits it took over 30 minutes for our food ticket, of just breakfast food. This is a lack of prep in the kitchen. Owners please take note and work on the kitchen staff to speed up the times. The apples in the apple pancake were raw. They fell out of the pancake. The eggs were great the first visit and were cooked just right. Today, the eggs were runny and were not hot. The bacon was cold too. I just do not see a 3rd visit in my future.笑
Great breakfast spot.  Clean,friendly,great service, obviously we'll managed.

The Parisienne Benedict is fantastic.  Returned in a few days for another.

This will be a must stop whenever in the area.笑
Fairly decent food depending on what you order.  Pancakes and waffles are delicious.  "Crispy" bacon never comes out crispy and I end up leaving 1/2 the piece of chewy fat on the plate.  Service is typically excellent.

One major irritation, and is a recent addition, is that you're no longer handed a receipt to write a tip on privately but asked verbally in the crowded waiting area how much you want to tip.  I don't know what their problem is, but seems like they're trying to guilt people into tipping more this way.  I tip well, especially at breakfast where meals are cheaper, but announcing to the world is not ok.笑
The Egg I Am is a neighborhood breakfast joint near Queen Creek. They are located in a new and fancy strip mall on Queen Creek and Higley and are only open for breakfast and lunch.

The menu is focused mainly on brunch items and lunch sandwiches. They probably lack a deep fryer so items are closer to a standard kitchen. I had a good Rueben sandwich although the meat was sliced rather thick. Fresh fruit was a great option especially when traveling.

This location is perfect for meeting friends and catching up which is exactly what I used it for. Staff was very tolerant of some fussy kids which helped the adults enjoy their short time together.笑
Friendly, fast, great food. Come here as often as possible. This is my first choice for breakfast and lunch.笑
This place was really good. I took my parents who are the pickest when it comes to eating out.
It even impressed them笑
Food was okay, unfortunately the service is the worst.  Being the only breakfast place around (for now) took way to long to get a table. Then once we did get seated and order, waited over an hour for food. To bad笑
Busy cafe with a friend vibe.  Beautiful outdoor patio.  The breakfast burrito was okay with the right balance of potato, pork, salsa, egg, fried onion and cheese.  It missed the bus of greatness by arriving barely warm to my table.  Iced coffee passed the test though.笑
Service was good but the potatoes and biscuits were frozen. Fresh homemade biscuits and some hand cut potatoes would be nice.笑
Delicious food, nice, clean atmosphere. Not too busy, especially since Saturday brunch-time, were seated right away.  Good price and very friendly staff. Definitely would recommend.笑
Came back again as promised yesterday.  Ordered the huevos rancheros with the chorizo and both salsas.  In a word, they knocked it out of the park and Mary Ellen was as usual awesome.  Added a desert of the new lemon blueberry pancakes.  The lemon pudding/filling used as a spread is a little disappointing.  I'd suggest lemon zest mixed in to the batter.  The array of berries on top was solid.  

Definitely better than my first trip here on 3/24.笑
People are friendly, food is good, atmosphere is relaxed. If they were to pay attention to tiny details, this would've been a 5* review. Either way, it's a favorite for my husband and I. We'll definitely be back.笑
Tried this place on Sat.  It was packed but they still got our large group of 6 adults and 5 kids seated in about 20 mins.  The menu seemed great, lots of choices, I wanted to try everything on it and I will, eventually.  Everyone at our table loved their food.  I got the breakfast Croissant, I had them add bacon to it but I wish I would have had them add bacon and sausage to it, it was lacking in artery clogging delicious meat.  It was good though.  It did seem like the food took forever to get there but they were super busy and its a new restaurant so I'm sure they are getting the hang of things still.  Server was wonderful and kept checking on us and apologizing for the food taking a little longer then expected.  I will be going back and recommending it to our friends.  I would recommend trying to go on a week day though, may be a better experience.笑
Good breakfast place in Gilbert near power ranch.  Had an egg skillet and son had eggs n toast.  Overall it was a nice and clean place for a weekend breakfast treat.  Somewhat pricey but to be expected.笑
Food is pretty good (could've been a little hotter) service was great ( they forgot my side of potatoes (which I really didn't need) and our server took $2 off the bill ! ) we'll definitely be back笑
Perfect little home town cafe!! Fresh food, fast and friendly service. I'll definitely be going back!笑
Excellent food and excellent friendly service! Great variety of food and they have grits!!!笑
The first few times we've been here, great experience. Went today. Sat right away but waited 30 minutes for our food to be delivered. Omelet was pretty flat. Bacon was under cooked. Scrambled eggs had large yolk pieces. Only highlight were the waffles. Probably won't be back.笑
Wonderful  food, good service.  We went for breakfast, and can't wait to try lunch.
The buttermilk pancakes are so light and flavorful- best around of any of the places we've tried.
DH had the  Valley of the Sun omelette - delish!   
The place was busy... waited about 15 minutes, but well worth it.笑
Menu was different ... In a good way ... Servers are still new and learning. Overall a great experience.笑
Everything about this place AMAZING! Really good food and great and friendly servers! Never had a bad experience!笑
So cute. Good food. Super nice waitress. A little on the pricy side for being a breakfast/lunch place, but food is spot on.笑
The food was below the standard I expect for a mom & pop breakfast joint. I had steak and eggs. Although the steak was tender, it was poorly seasoned - even A1 didn't make it tasty. The eggs were bland as hell and don't get me started on the "ranch" potatoes. If I go to a mom & pop for breakfast I want real potatoes not frozen packaged potato squares. They were simply dismal. The waitress was nice though.笑
We had a coupon and so decided to try this place.  Reviews looked good.

Well, perhaps we have been spoiled by some really great cafes recently because when I compare the meals I had there to the one here, this place just doesn't rate.  Not that it's bad.  But there is no "wow" here.

I was somewhat hopeful because when we arrived the place was packed, and there was a 30 minute wait.  Obviously a lot of people like it, right?  They called us and we were seated.  The hostess and server were both very good.  Cheerful, friendly, and helpful.  No complaints there.  Good employees.

I ordered the Texas skillet.  It was fine.  Probably 3-stars.  A lot more mushrooms than "steak strips", and the cheese seemed to be in one spot (I got one really big bite of cheese, and the rest of the skillet had almost none), but the flavor was good.  My wife ordered the corned beef, and that was a disappointment.  My wife actually thought it was bad.  I thought it was "just OK" (I tried hers).  Not a lot of flavor, and very dry.  She also didn't like the coffee.

Also ordered was a Mexican skillet ("just OK") and a soup/sandwich combo (the soup was excellent, the sandwich was fine).

Prices weren't unreasonable.  But given that I can think of three other breakfast places that have better food I can't really see coming back.  So "I've experienced better" definitely fits here:  two-stars.  Maybe 2.5 if Yelp allowed me to do that.笑
The only issue I have with Yelp is they don't have negative star ratings. I'm not typically harsh on these type of diners/cafes as you get what you pay for. It seemed like a cute place to eat, my food came out after about 25 min. and it was luke warm at best. I found what appeared to be a roach or some insect on my plate. The waitress quickly removed my plate and asked if I would like something else. The kitchen must be disgusting. No we will never return. If you have insects on your plate you have an infestation issue.笑
We were so excited about this place. There is NOTHING for a nice, sit-down breakfast that close by. However, after being there twice, I will be making the trip to downtown Gilbert when we can splurge for a nice breakfast again. (There are way better options and cheaper too on Gilbert Rd. in the downtown area.)

The Egg I Am offers a GREAT assortment of egg-based items, and if they were better prepared, this place could be a knock-out. Instead, it is pricey for what it actually offers. The omelets are very generic -- ham and cheese omelet has really small preprepared diced ham (like from Costco) and then they throw a little cheddar cheese and melt it on top. There is no cheese actually IN the omelet. It is not bad-tasting, just really generic --- if you want a big fluffy omelet, DO NOT GO HERE. 

Also, compared from the first time and this time, they appear to be cutting way back on the companion potatoes. 

I had a frittata the first time. That is even flatter.

As to environment, this place is nice, though I don't know that the wooden slat booths are all that comfortable. 

I loved my waiter, but I was delivered my check both times before we were even 1/2 done. That says something about the management.笑
Amazing food but slow service! The waiting staff seems to be moving extremely quick and trying but it did not seem like they were receiving any manager support from what I saw. The manager was jut standing there and not really doing a whole lot to help in the rush. He was just watching the staff and loved to insert a yell but as far as contributing, I saw nothing to support that. Waited about 45 minutes to receive food and ate in about 20 so the wait was bothersome.笑
We tried this place today and got right in at lunch time on a Saturday. I wanted to really like this place, but the food was just OK. Nothing special and my food the eggs benedict didn't really have any flavor and my spouses's food the biscuits and gravy was a little spicy. For it just being OK, it was pricey for breakfast and the servers don't do much (they take your order and bring you water/drinks once because they also bring an extra pitcher of whatever you are drinking so you can refill your drinks yourself) so it's hard to want to tip the usual 20% that I do. The server or hostess wasn't exactly what I would call friendly, so just overall this place is OK and I don't think it's worth going again.笑
A fun breakfast place and our waiter was very nice. The food was pretty good but not the best I have had. Also I didn't like how you had to go to the cash register and pay which was right next to where you also would check in for a table. These were also both located right by the front door. So this caused some congestion. Anyways I would probably go there again not too bad.笑
The breakfast took a long time but when it finally did it was good! But a little pricey for eggs and bacon!笑
Quaint place. Yummy French toast. And I pretty much only order French toast, haha. We sat outside and enjoyed the beautiful weather along with our food. Highly recommend!笑
Great food and service! My kids beg me to go to breakfasts there on weekends.  We enjoy going for brunch.  Everything we have ordered is yummy.笑
I forgot to update my reviews to some of my favorite restaurants.  Last time I went to The Egg I Am was when my Great-Grandmother and Grandma came to visit me.  We wanted to treat them to a great breakfast and my Great-Grandmother had cravings for pancakes.  Our favorite waitress is this amazing British lady and luckily we had her when we sit down.  My Great Grandmother had her pancake and everyone ordered their breakfast.  I hadn't seen our Grandparents for over 8 years due to us always being busy and living in another state but that morning it felt like we've been eating breakfast together every Sunday.  So I wanted to say thank you -The Egg I Am-for making that one morning very special.  Your foods were just delicious and your service was as good as it gets:)笑
Great local business with some good breakfast items. I really love the eggs Benedict. I love sitting on the patio on a nice morning and having a awesome breakfast with my wife!! Support local business when ever you can great little restaurant.笑
This will be one of our new regular stops! The food is truly amazing and great quality. The service is on point and everyone is really friendly!! 
Loved it!!笑
It's a good breakfast.  I would say its a little pricey for eggs. Service is a little overwhelmed at times.笑
Showed up for breakfast at 615 left at 625 with no service. Great place to eat, but no one came up to greet us or seat us. We won't be coming back. At least have a bell to let yall know someone has popped in to eat.笑
I'm giving it 5 stars b/c it is as good as it gets.  We've never been to a breakfast place that puts FRESH blueberries, raspberries and pineapple in their fruit cups.   My husband loves the Berry-ola steele cut oatmeal because of the fresh fruit.   We've been here several times for lunch and breakfast and we've always been happy with our selections.   We've always had cheerful, attentive servers no matter which one we get.  The coffee here is pretty decent too.
Very nice clean interior.  http://www.theeggandirestaurants.com/egg_menu.html    I'm getting hungry just thinking about you Egg I Am!笑
Have been here for breakfast several times, and the food is always very good. So is the service. Especially liked today's  special :eggs benedict with jalapeno corncake-please keep it on the menu!笑
We are big breakfast people and the Egg I Am did not disappoint! The portions were a good size for the price, that's always a plus with breakfast food! The staff was friendly and our waiter was fantastic. The only negative thing is that they don't serve Dr Pepper! We will definitely be going again (I'll just stop for a polar pop on the way)!笑
Worst over priced food I have had in a long time. Every ingredient tasted cheap, clearly they buy the most inexpensive generic raw ingredients in a box or a can and then mark it up astronomically. The service was good, our waiter was polite and timely and the restaurant was clean but the food (the whole reason I was there) was just awful. Save your money and eat at home or elsewhere.笑
Horrible. We were seated then ignored with 5 people standing around. When a couple came in several minutes after us and immediately had their drink order taken we decided to leave and go eat at Village Inn, where the service and food are dependable and good! On the way out the door At Egg I Am one of the lazy 5 standing around told us to have a good day. Really? Last time I will stop at this location to eat.笑
My husband discovered this little gem on his way to school.  He told me about it and said it's probably something I would enjoy.  So glad he did!

I've always tried something different and I've never been disappointed.  Today it was the Colorado Jack Scramble with a small side of pork green chili.  YUM!  The waiter also brought me some guacamole because they put avocado on my meal, instead of the guacamole.  Different, but surprisingly tasty.

We've never been disappointed in this place.  And the service is always stellar.  We've been fortunate enough to have the same waiter, Payson, each time we've been in.  He always greets us with a smile and comments if we haven't been in for a bit.  I'll be disappointed when he eventually moves on because he's just a delightful young man.  I always make sure he's tipped well. ;)

Overall, we like this place for breakfast.  We've never had lunch so can't comment, but that'll come someday.  The place is clean, service great and we think the price is spot on.  My husband commented this morning that he appreciates that there is not a ton of food on the plate that's going to be wasted.  Many breakfast places throw a bunch of potatoes on the plate for their filler.  

We'll continue to patronize The Egg I am!笑
Great little breakfast place in south Gilbert. We've driven by several times and decided to check it out...happy we did. Food was tasty (Colorado jack scramble with real whole wheat toast) and service was great! It was jammin by 9:30 and around 30 people waiting outside. Definitely going back for future breakfast outings with no other decent options in the area.笑
Great service! Made suggestions about loaded potatoes, which interested my hubby for our next visit.  Like the environment, feels "homey," new and inviting, even though it's a chain restaurant.   It was busy at 9:45, had to wait 15 minutes to be seated.  But not bad for a Satursay morning!  

It was a bit humid in the restaurant.  If it wasn't cold outside, we would've sat out on the patio.  Although, they do have heaters on the patio. I ordered over-hard eggs, bacon and sausage.  Bacon wasn't crispy and the eggs could've been cooked longer so the yolk could be completely cooked. But to be fair, I didn't ask for crispy bacon.  Husband and niece loved their biscuits and gravy! Mother in law loved the sourdough bread, but thought the bacon was under-cooked. 

Our waitress was nice to ask if we wanted cups to take our drinks to go.  Good server.  I liked this place and the food was pretty good.  We'll come back again.笑
Besides the fact that our waitress was incredibly rude and customer service means a lot when you're paying for semi over priced breakfast. I would say the food was simple. My bread was burnt and I asked the waitress for another one and she looked at me as if I was the worst person in the world for not wanting black burnt bread. We couldn't even enjoy or breakfast because of her. The food was unsatisfactory, the customer service was a negative star. The best part when we got up to pay in the front I was informed that she was the manager by my friend who has been there before and the manager herself was upset with us. She didn't get a tip from me because I was planning on giving it in cash and I paid for my meal with my card. So then she whispered to her waitress and said give her 2$ since she didn't get a tip. And I looked at her like can you give me a second to take out my cash. Is this really how your treat all your customers? If so, you don't really deserve your position. Definitely won't return and I plan on telling my friends not to either!笑
I have eaten there twice both experience was bad.
The chicken sandwich was nasty. Chicken was rubbery and lettuce was old.笑
Have been here several times, usually Saturday mornings (depending on the time you get there, you might have a slight wait, which is a positive indicator) and the food and service have always been very good bordering on the excellent if you are fortunate to have one of the 'veterans' be your server. 

I usually get the garden frittata and it never disappoints, it always arrives hot and the veggies are fresh; the help is always friendly and the prices are absolutely fair in regards to the quality.

There is not an abundance of parking in this particular strip mall, so if you're meeting a group on a known busy (weekend) day, I would advise car-pooling.

Recommended.笑
The food here is great. Very home style kind of dishes, but they can be elegant too. The staff is always friendly. If you get in on a day it's not busy, you can be seated and fed in 15 minutes. It's super busy on weekends and holidays, but that's because this is a good restaurant. The only thing I didn't like was the OJ, I've had better for a lower price, but I'm satisfied overall!笑
The Egg I Am was satisfactory.  I didn't try anything too hard to make (blueberry pancake, scrambled eggs with cheese and bacon).  It was all good, but nothing to write home about.  I would certainly return for another breakfast, except for one thing--the price.  With coffee, tax and tip it was over $17 for one person.  Now, I will say, you're getting one ENORMOUS pancake and maybe next time I'll split with someone, which would make the cost more reasonable in my estimation.  Great service, pleasant atmosphere.  Don't shy away, just be prepared for the prices.笑
I love this place and can't go without getting the apple pancake. They are super accommodating. I'm pretty sure my dad never ordered off of the menu, but instead told the server what he was in the mood for and they would make it. It is basic breakfast food done well.笑
I tried The Egg I Am on Sunday Morning at about 10 am.  Upon arrival, we put our names on the list as there was a wait.  After about a 15-20 minute wait for our table for two, we were seated.  The restaurant has a typical breakfast joint feel; country.   The seats were fairly uncomfortable.

We were promptly greeted by our server and our drink order was taken.  Shortly thereafter, our drinks were served.  Our food took about 15 minutes which was an appropriate amount of time I thought for how busy they were.  I ordered the Viva La France which was 2 slices of french toast, 2 eggs your way and 2 slices of bacon.  They food expediter brought out our food and did not bring me syrup so I had to ask for it.  The food was ok, actually the eggs were good and buttery but the french toast was so-so.  All in all, The Egg I Am is good. While a little pricier than it needs to be but not exorbitant, it is an ok place for breakfast.  Next time, I may try for lunch.笑
We eat here many a Sunday morning after church and every time we leave we are satisfied!!!!! The specials are always perfect for the holiday among us and the service is always great! We have this British lady we keep getting and she's great! She calls us all "Love" and she is sweet as can be! For my husbands birthday she brought out a muffin with fresh blueberries, whip cream and a candle! It was super sweet, yummy and thoughtful!!笑
Great food, great service, reasonable prices. Breakfast left nothing to be desired. Green Chile is awesome, must try not too spicy just good flavor.

Have only had breakfast there, wife says that lunch is just as good.笑
The food is very tasty.  They do a better than averagejob with flavor.

Food and ambiance are plated and set up as you'd expect at a franchise type diner.  Food section led on white plates.  White coffee mugs.  Paper napkins.  Portions are average to below average in size but fill the belly.

Scrambled eggs are fluffy.  Raisin toast was great.  Grits were made to an excellent texture (not runny or clumpy).  Wisconsin scramble with cheese, tomato, and asparagus was very good.   The kids french toast meal was perfect for our 18 month old.

Ambiance is nice.  The Patio is a quiet and pleasing area.  

Service was pleasant and timely.

Overall, this is a nice little breakfast place scoring above average due to the taste of the food.笑
Excellent coffee, garden frittata  was superb as well!  Juices are fresh squeezed and awesome. We will be coming here regularly for breakfast fr here on.笑
Excellent food and service! The club and turkey,  apple,  raisin croissant were incredible.  The homemade chicken corn chowder made my daughter want seconds!  My son ordered a burger off the kids menu and it was huge!  Overall. .. just moved here and this will be a regular stop for us! !!笑
This place is amazing! I am a picky eater, and I tried 4 different entrées yesterday. The banana nut French toast was phenomenal even without syrup. The huevos rancheros was great. The fritada was excellent, and my sons waffle was exceptionally good. The price for four people with the quality of food was very nice. The service was excellent as well! I advise everyone within a 20-30 minute drive to try this place out. 
   On a side note their hazelnut coffee is better than ****bucks. They sell it by 6oz. Bags and I went home with some. I am not typically a big coffee drinker, but I love this stuff. I encourage you to try it, and you will not be disappointed.笑
Our waiter 'Peso' was the best. The food was delicious and I highly recommend this place. Ask for Peso笑
This is/was called The Egg I Am........

If you don't like eggs......... lol.  This is a great little restaurant with a more modern twist. My wife loves the Kale Juice, and my boys like the pancakes and waffles.

I had the biscuits and gravy....not great.  Eggs, bacon, and ranch potatoes were good but not the gravy.  (2 stars for gravy).笑
A very popular breakfast spot in Queen Creek. Lots to choose from for breakfast & lunch. Good it's good &, the service too. This is my 2nd time here.笑
Always super, fast, friendly service. Even carry out orders are fast! They focus on breakfast, and it shows... Its delicious! Specialty coffees and teas as well. I love to add their pork chilli to the potatoes. Out of sight!!笑
This was our first time trying this place.  Both the food and service was awesome!!
The pumpkin pecan waffle rocks!!
Definitely many more dishes to try in our future.笑
Should be 2 1/2 stars. Nothing to write home about. I aways ask for onions in my hash browns why they can't ever get it is besides me. They give it to me on the side raw or forget them just can't ever get them they also cook them early in the morning not fresh so they are dried out and taste old. Not made to order. We have never had anything great there.always pretty clean.笑
My husband and I have tried The Egg I Am 3 different times and have enjoyed our breakfast food every single time.  We've tried the Athena scramble, the MBA frittata and (just today) the raspberry granola pancake.  All of the items were great, but the raspberry granola pancake was probably one of THE BEST pancakes we have ever tasted.  Crunch, nutty, slightly sweet and delicious.  It, kind of, tastes like raspberry pie.  We're going back to try the pineapple/coconut pancake and also the cinnamon apple pancake.  Try it, you'll love it.  We haven't had any problems with the service and got our food quickly.  They tend to get busy, so if you don't like waiting use their call-ahead seating.笑
It's ok. Nothing special. I work nearby, so it's convenient. Corned beef hash is awful. Most food comes out barely warm. Eggs almost always over cooked. If it wasn't nearby when I'm starving, I'd pass.笑
The owner sent me a message and also called. She gave us a gift certificate and we went back yesterday. The food was great and the restaurant temperature was perfect. I would recommend it highly. ...笑
Went to the Egg I am for the first time.  We wanted to try something different and came across this place through yelp.  There were a lot of great reviews so we decided to give it a go!

Loved it!  Food was delicious, reasonably priced and everyone was super friendly.  Our order was placed and arrived at our table with in 5 minutes..It was so fast!  

The restaurant itself is a typical looking breakfast atmosphere...not huge, which I like.  We ate outside on the patio which I love to do when the weather here in AZ. permits

If you are looking for a new breakfast place, give this one a go.  Looks like they have a great lunch menu as well.笑
Good is ok, I spent $10 on a canned beans, jarred salsa and a tortilla and eggs. I wont be back anytime soon for the food. But also, this place must not care at all about familes. So much so that they dont have anywhere to change a baby, I mean what restaurant dpesnt have a kaola care station?? My 3 month old had a major blowout, I ran to the bathroom and to my dismay I had to take my baby outside in the cold, and change her in the front seat.笑
We have tried this place two times since my review and I have to say we have seen an amazing turn around. One of the owners did reach out to me, and apologized for the experience. True professionalism!! The Santa Fe Huevos Rancheros are amazing. On our last visit a male( one of the owners according to our server) was going around to the tables, filling waters, and taking real ownership in making sure everyone had a great experience. New Pre-Golf hot spot!!!笑
Never disappoints. Overall fantastic experience every time we visit. The Hiker's Egg Benedict was probably one of the best breakfast items I have ever had. Friendly service. Insides could use a revamp but maybe that is a matter of personal taste so we won't hold this against them ever.笑
I come here quite frequently. The staff greets me right away. We always get great service. The food comes out pretty quick. It has a nice local atmosphere.笑
I still like Egg I Am but feel like the quality of food has suffered a bit over the last year. I visit about once a month and I feel like my meals have been more hit or miss lately. They've also removed my favorite breakfast dish, the Wild Mushroom Veggie Hash. Yesterday I ordered an omelette with hollandaise sauce and my wife ordered a dish similar to Eggs Benedict but on a croissant (don't recall the name) and we were both let down by our meals; the sauce just tasted off. The coffee is still fantastic and the service is still great. Hope to see the food get back to the quality that made this place a solid go-to for us.笑
I went in to have breakfast with my son. Right away we were greeted and sat by the friendly host. 

As soon as I sat down my server greeted us at the table I ordered the citrus cooler it was very refreshing. 
My son and I ordered the Raisin cinnamon french toast. Our server suggested cheese on my scrambled eggs and I went ahead and ordered it with spinach also. The french toast also comes with your choice of meat we got ham. Everything was great. French toast was really moist and it had cinnamon butter! Eggs were too runny for my liking but Ill know to order well done for next time. 

Everyone in the restaurant is so friendly!笑
Gilbert needed a new venue to accommodate it's growing population and this place is spot on!!!  The menu is amazing- food choices are unique and tasty and at a decent price.  Staff is still new, but learning and have grown leaps and bounds since opening day.  Try the Cambridge Skillet to start!笑
Wrong order taken.. Ok- mistakes happen. But please don't tell me what I ordered was wrong. Trying to make it right- they put in original order. But took 10-15 minutes to get- while my dining partner finished, visited with friends, and went to eldest room. Really?  You can't put an order in and expedite?  To add to it- waiter insisted he was right. Um. No 
Manager very respectful and appropriate- she was great. 
Not worth wait- food and service was mediocre at best.笑
Breakfast is my favorite meal of the day, and I am in love with the Egg I Am! It is so cute and family friendly. I always love to have tea with my breakfast, and last time they brought out a whole tea platter!! Can't wait to go back!笑
The food and service at The Egg I Am are so inconsistent as to make frequenting here irritating. My husband ordered the Colorado Jack Scramble and enjoyed every bite. My 14-year old son tried the Cheddar Burger, which he noted, while tasty, was very greasy (not juicy, greasy). I tried the special Peaches & Cream French Toast, which tasted just okay. It was not prepared as described, the temperature was tepid, and the peaches were canned and sparse.

As for the service, we were hopeful that we would be seated in Debbie's section but, alas, no such luck. Instead, our service was compulsory and falsely cordial. We received our order long after two other tables (in Debbie's section) who were seated well after us, and were largely neglected save for the requisite "How is everything" asked on the run. The check was dropped 1/3 of the way through our meal - a clear sign that our server was done with us, whether we needed anything else or not.

So, while I'm certain we'll return, if only because of the restaurant's proximity to many of our other activities and the potential of a reasonable meal, we'll be sure to specify our choice of server or manage our expectations accordingly.笑
We recently moved to the neighborhood and thought we'd give The Egg I Am a try since we love all things breakfast.  We went around 9am on a Sunday, and there was no wait (but it also looked like a full house, so we may have taken the last table at the time).  This review is a week after the visit, so I don't remember exactly what we ordered, but here's what I do remember... adorable Mickey Mouse shaped pancake for my son, a steak scramble for my husband, and a chicken hash scramble for me.  Everything was delicious!  We'll definitely be back!笑
Been to this place a couple times and it's always been great! There is always a wait but it's well worth it! First time I went I got biscuits and gravy and the second time a salad. Both were delicious and the restaurant has a cozy feel to it. I will defiantly keep coming back! I highly recommend this place if you live near by.笑
I was super excited to see there was a breakfast spot near me that served grits. The atmosphere and service was great up until the moment I pulled someone's hair from my tooth. I was instantly mortified and expressed my concern to who appeared as a female manager. After I shared my discontent regarding the hair fiasco she begin to laugh and tell me her cooks wear hair nets. Lets just say I will never return to this establishment.笑
I've been meaning to come check this place out since it opened as I live right across the street but I am just not really a "breakfast" person usually. However I had a friend visiting from out of town and thought it was the perfect opportunity.

Went around 11:30am on a Saturday (ok, more "brunch" time than breakfast), and we were sat immediately. Quick and friendly service. The menu is incredible.  It took us forever to decide because everything looked so good.

We finally both decided, I got the Santa Fe Huevos and she got the Green Chili Chicken Hash.

After waiting what seemed like forever (mostly because I was starving, but partially because it did take a while), we got our food... all wrong.  Both of our orders had things missing.  Hers was missing the green chili!?  How is that even possible?  THAT is what she ordered.  It was also missing the guacamole, as was mine (guacamole shortage perhaps?), AND she had to ask for her tortilla.  Oh but the waitress DID bring out a side of hollandaise sauce for her. WTF?  Hollandaise?!  With the green chili chicken hash??

So after flagging down the first person we could and telling them ALL the things that were wrong, they quickly brought everything out that we were missing, and we dug in.  Have to admit, the food was very good.  This, and this alone, will bring me back in the future.  I'm pretty certain our waitress was brand new (she didn't seem to know the menu well, clearly since she brought out HOLLANDAISE for a chili hash), so I will give them another shot in hopes of getting a more experienced server who knows that the green chili chicken hash is supposed to actually have green chili and not hollandaise...笑
This place was great... Stopped in after a hike and had a lovely breakfast. I'd come back often if it was closer to home.笑
I had high hopes but ends up its just another institutional franchise with decent marketing and just average food. Our server Nicki was good but the kitchen slow. 

Won't be coming back.笑
I tried so hard to like this place. How can you go wrong with a giant pancake? I ordered an apple granola pancake. It contained two ingredients that did not belong - a raisin (not too big of a deal but technically was not supposed to be in the pancake) and a piece of avocado (it was bright green and definitely looked like an avocado - I didn't try eating it). I don't know how those two things ended up in the apple pancakes but I've never had that happen to me at a restaurant. The pancake was decent beyond those two things but way overpriced. I'm sorry but I won't be back. I don't suggest it.笑
We had great service,good coffee nice atmosphere. The food is the reason for the two stars.The potatoes where tasteless no shredded just frozen chunks. The biscuits where hard, not homemade and the gravy was bland.笑
Great Breakfast.  Was a short wait even at 10:30am on a Monday.  Serving sizes were very large.  We will for sure return especially when we have guests in town.笑
Good food,  great service.  I don't think I've seen a better managed restaurant.  There is attention to every detail...  Nice to have a selection of coffees too.  The food is slightly generic and heavy on potatoes but worth coming out for.笑
I went with the breakfast burrito for my first time. It's great to have a breakfast place so close to home now! The food was a solid 7/10, A bit overpriced, and the decor is a bit dated. But I'll back in the future!笑
Kellie was the best server ever!!!  The food was good, but Kellie was great!  I hope they treasure her.  The kids had chocolate chip pancakes which they all enjoyed.  The sausage patties got rave reviews from my son and I enjoyed my omelet with turkey sausage and cheese (I think the onions were forgotten but not the end of the world).  All in all a good experience came at about 10:30 on a Saturday and only had like a 20 minute wait.