We stopped in today for lunch and were pleasantly surprised! You order at the counter and then sit with a number on the table. The food came out very quickly and was piping hot! I had the acorn squash with shortribs and polenta with mac and cheese. The ribs were tender and the sauce was just sweet enough. The squash was broiled and went well with the crispy polenta. I also nibbled on my friend's tuna BLT (seared tuna strips with thick, crispy bacon).

The price was solid and the service was quick.  My only complaint was my pop had little to no carbonation in it. I would definitely go back!Ǿ
I stopped by The Hipp on a late Saturday afternoon to get some grub with my boyfriend.  Located in Mid Town Cleveland, next door to the Agora, in a space that has housed numerous other restaurants, The Hipp is in a part of town that could be described as in transition.  There are plans for more businesses, etc. to move in, but right now, it's not all that happening of an area.  Although it was the restaurant's opening week, I was surprised to find that we were the only patrons.  But that was fine.  More attention for us.

Just like The Hipp's sister food truck - Umami Moto - there are plenty of vegan and vegetarian options.  I decided on the vegan carrot ginger bisque and an eggplant sammie.  The soup was absolutely incredible.  It was the perfect mix of carrot and ginger.  Some restaurants can be a little heavy handed with the ginger, but this soup was perfect.  My sandwich was delicious, if not overwhelming.  It consisted of fried strips of eggplant (but not the greasy kind you're imagining from an Italian restaurant) topped with the best roasted red peppers I've ever eaten.  The portion size was huge and the sandwich was accompanied by chips.  The sandwich was actually so large that I had a hard time eating it and I had to deconstruct it in order to prevent it from landing in my lap.  That's not a complaint.  I think the portion size was excellent for the money, actually.

My boyfriend had a tuna blt that he's still drooling over, days later.  

I'd definitely go back to The Hipp to try out more of their menu.  They have a happy hour that I'd like to check out, if I can make it from the east side in time. (although they do have happy hour on Saturday, also!) This restaurant is definitely worth checking out if you live/work in the area or are just looking for something a little different to try.Ǿ
The food here left a lot to be desired. I got a drastically over-balsamiced portabella burger in a sauce that didn't go with it at all. I also tried a carrot ginger soup that was so strong it upset my stomach (I thought ginger was supposed to sooth bellyaches). 

The space is a cool idea. It's right next to The Agora. However, the decor looks half baked. It seemed almost like they were in a rush to open the place and left a lot undone. 

On the upside, the staff was friendly, organized, and quick. I'm disappointed in the food because I was expecting a lot more from the people responsible for the awesome Umami Moto food truck. Hopefully they'll work out the kinks at The Hipp.Ǿ
The Hipp is located in the Agora on Midtown. The atmosphere is great. Bright colors everywhere, friendly staff and a place to relax and have a great meal and drinks with friends. If you normally order off the dollar menu at your local fast food chain then your palette may be In a state of shock when you try this fresh food. The Hipp offers a variety of vegan, vegetarian and gluten free choices with the freshest ingredients. My boyfriend and I are frequent flyers at The Hipp. We have tried a variety of things and have not found anything that we didn't like. If you aren't food savy like myself I would suggest reading the description of the dish and if you don't know what something is, ask. Then there will be no surprises when your dish comes out. I would highly suggest the Hunky Po' Boy. This is a delicious sausage sandwich with a tomato sauce, onions and banana peppers with mustard. It is just the right kind s of spicy. My boyfriend is a sucker for the tuna BLT. Just an fyi, the tuna is fresh and seared. It doesn't come out of a can. It is not raw. Fresh tuna should not be brown or grey. I am by no means a seafood fan, but it looks good enough that I contemplate trying it. I also highly recommend the Ramen (only if you enjoy a good Smokey flavor). The Hipp (and Umami Moto) haven gotten me to try many foods that I would have never tried. I enjoy their food and the atmosphere and we will continue to be there every Friday.Ǿ
I went here for lunch on a weekday with the bf. It was just ok. The carrot soup I had with my sandwich was very good. But the BLT I ordered was just dry and lacking in flavor. The Niciose sandwich the bf got had the hardest bread. He didn't like it too much either. This place is also in a somewhat sketchy area it seemed.Ǿ
I went there for lunch today after spending the morning at the Cleveland Museum of Art with a friend, and it was the perfect place for a lunch. There were only a few other customers in the restaurant and service was really quick. 

It is located right next to the Agora in midtown Cleveland which is going through a major revival now. Last summer, Detroit Avenue & West 65th was the place to be and be seen, but this summer it will be midtown. Next month there will be a food truck expose at The Hipp according to the most amazing waitress we had there. There is a parking lot available, and it is super easy to get to. There first foray was the food truck Umami Moto, which has a delicious vegan & gluten free menu. They have not strayed from it, and you will be pleased to find that the selection is not limited. I didn't spring for a vegan dish as I was in the mood for an all american burger, and I decided to come here instead of B-Spot which is another amazing place to eat. I am happy I decided to come here and check it out, well worth it, and you will definitely be surprised by the price of the food on the menu. 

I would definitely recommend going here for a lunch or even a dinner, but make sure to call as they are mostly open only for lunch, and dinner is only on the weekends when they have happy hour. As for new places, I definitely recommend it, cheap prices, great food, amazing customer service, and friendly advice about Cleveland. I would definitely come back here again for another amazing lunch.Ǿ
It was hard to find through all that hail today. And last week, I tried to visit on a Monday (closed Mondays!).

I had the Parma burger, which is essentially a burger with a pierogi on it. The patty was kind of a goop thrown onto the grill and I got pink spots even though I asked for well done; I think they were anticipating the dryness and tried to cover it up with all the cheese product. 3 stars. 

My friend had the BLT, which looked great with the grill marks, colors, and texture. 5 stars.

Both plates came with fresh chips, which was nice.