I am not one for fast food drive thru....but I was remembering how good a Whataburger USED to be, so I decided to give them a try.
I ordered a whataburger with jalapenos and a small order of fries.
The meat patty was dry....jalapenos were unbearable to eat and fries were literally 
cold and a bit soggy, not even a brown hue to them.
I was so disappointed and angry at the same time.
I will not be returning........and my advice to you.........avoid going there!笑
As feeble and futile as it is to rate another franchise, I have to admit I was a little giddy in trying whatever made this Southern-seaboard establishment so popular amongst the Houston Rappers and other Southern entertainers alike. Coming from California with such cult burger followings as The Habit and Father's Office, I would say my sense for a decent burger is somewhat honed. Whataburger was next on my list.

The location seemed new and dining area was spotless. I ordered their general Whataburger with fries and a drink that came out to roughly $5. Their niche? They bring out a tray full of condiments and napkins with your food so you grab what you want. Neat.

As my friend was watching me take my initial bite, he knew what the verdict would be. He thought I hated it. Wrong. I thought it was flat and precisely cafeterian. The only form of moisture was mustard and the meat itself was mundanely unseasoned. The fries likewise had no salt but were well-sized and well-fried. As for the drink... keeping up with the Texas tradition they had sweet tea. Plus one. 

I could see why this franchise is open 24/7 and why young adults enjoy it's existence especially between the hours of dusk to dawn. When your tastebuds have gone numb and where flavor isn't a huge issue, Whataburger will be there to suit whatever your waste wishes.笑
This isn't a burger. Plain & simple. This sucked. Someone told me this burger was better than In & out. I should have never even wasted my $. Uggghh笑
What?! Pancake batter on a griddle?  It is!  This isn't McDonald's.  They actually make your pancakes when you order them, which explains why they aren't uniformly shaped like the pre-made crap at the golden arches.  And gee, my egg on the biscuit sandwich is irregularly shaped as well - I wonder why.

As far as *fast food* breakfasts go, Whataburger is hard to beat.  Oh, and they bring the food to your table with a nice tray of condiments and such.  Friendly staff, cheap prices, what's not to like for a fast food breakfast?笑
Good food (if "good" can be associated with fast food) - but the drive-thru here is one of the slowest I have used.

You come to fast food and a drive-thru for a QUICK and easy meal. The easy part they did.. the quick part turned into a 15 min wait from order to eating. Way to long in my opinion.笑
A Whataburger w/cheese & jalapeños is proof there is a loving God who wants us to be happy.笑
Stopped on vacation. Heard the burgers were good and didn't want the typical fast food. Gotta say the burger was very good and my wife's chicken fajita taco was awesome. The fries are hot and the service was warm and friendly. Wish they had one back home. We will be back again笑
A good hamburger, but it depends on my mood. I eat a lot of food from a variety of different places, burgers included. I like In&Out the best and then it's a toss of Whataburger and Five Guys. I really like the thickness of the burgers here and the diced onion with mustard only, classic. I remember eating here with my grandfather and dad after we would go bowling as a kid. This obviously occurred at a different location, but nonetheless, it still occurred and has a great sense of nostalgia.笑
This is my all around favorite place to stop on late nights and early mornings. If you have not been this is not another fast food joint. I made the pleasant mistake my first time of ordering two cheeseburgers. These are real cheeseburgers with 1 being enough to fill you. I have been here multiple times using both the drive through and inside. They have gotten my order correct 100%  and I have always left full and satisfied. I enjoy the spicy ketchup, the great tasting burgers, and pleasant service. I have two small complaints-the seating area is so small only a few families at a time and it is not designed for larger framed people-not just fat bodies but tall as well. The other is even though they have two lanes in the drive through the wait time borders on obnoxious especially when coming back from a show and wanting to get home-was over 20 minutes last time for a basic order.笑
Good burger & would have been better if it would have been warmer... didn't like having to eat inside ( no outdoor tables available).  Liked the non grilled bun
& the fries were very good!笑
Great food but it's way too expensive - 2 double burger meals with shakes shouldn't be almost $30.笑
Hot and fresh, not to mention superrr friendly service!  I don't know what is with the fancy ketchup but it is the best.笑
Went for a quick lunch today with my daughter to Whataburger. I forgot how good their burgers are, and how big they actually are! We ate inside so the fries and burgers were piping hot, and the gravy to dip fries into is well, gravy on top! It's been a while since I ate in at this location, so it looks like they did a little fixing up inside, looks good. We will be back for sure! Five stars, keep up the good work! Next time back I will take some pictures!笑
My son and I stopped in to grab a bite after some golf.  Katie was waiting for us with a warm smile, exuberant personality and some great patience!  We both knew what WE wanted however I was going to surprise my daughter with one and she likes almost nothing on it and I need to make sure I get it right...;)  Even though they were busy I never felt rushed or on the spot to get moving she let me fumble around as I built my daughter's burger, thanks for your patience Katie!!!  All the Whataburgers I have ever been in are immaculate and this was no exception, the staff always do a great job and always look forward to my next Monterey melt, burger not chicken (gross).笑
The Best!!!
I'm a Texas Gal...so Whataburger is an all time favorite of mine!!!
Love the breakfast menu--just wish it was served all day : ) It's absolutely awesome!
I could eat here everyday w/out ever being disappointed. Everyone at this location is super friendly; patient & always helpful. There's lots of places to choose from for fast food but nothing compares to WB! All those other places don't ever come close not in the least in comparison to good ole WB! The service & expectations U know U are gonna get excel way beyond anywhere else because you've become accustomed to what U WILL get at WB! No Comparison to the quality of the food & service (fresh) whatsoever! U'll be a completely satisfied customer & extremely happy with the end result! It's a total rockstar fast food place to go 24/7!! How AWESOME is that?!?

I've been here many times so they now they me & basically know my order before I even say a word which is a huge bonus to have because I've always got lots of stuff on my mind so it's very awesome to have a good staff who remembers U for starters in addition to what U typically order. And that's such a Big Help!!!
To sum it up--don't listen to all the crappy reviews people post...IT isn't true!!!

(((Whataburger ROCKS)))

Seriously it is always great food & service!
Don't miss out on some of the absolute & best tasting fresh fast food around! Although it's kinda pricey it's totally worth every penny!
Take my word I'm always gonna be straight up honest & tell ya the complete truth... the good the bad & the ugly!¡!¡ Trust Me!笑
This was the first time we ate here; this chain is not in the Pacific NW. This is " fast" food, but a niche above MickyD's. We went in to place our togo order. We were struck at the friendliness of the staff. The interior was clean.  Our order, two cheeseburgers, took longer than expected to make.. We thought we would get piping hot food due to the wait.. Wrong. It was lukewarm.. A good burger drips down your hands and arms. These burgers didn't really require napkins. We think the chain should stay down South; they couldn't compete with the local chain Burgerville. We rate fast food by the temp of the food and if the order was correct; its fast food, it's handy,  taste rarely has anything to do with our rating. It was handy and our order was correct....can you really expect anymore?笑
We always receive great service at this location. Our orders are always correct and the workers are consistently friendly! Definitely one of our favorite fast food burger joints.笑
For a fast food burger Whataburger is great!  I've come thru their drive-thru many times over the years and never had a very long wait.

If you get a bad burger or something is wrong, believe me when I say it has happened to me once, I wrote to the corporate office, and they corrected the problem pronto.  Whataburger really cares to retain customers and make you happy.

I like the taste of their burgers, because they use....real meat!  I would rather go here than McDonald's, because I really am not sure they do use real anything there (i.e., fake meat, fake ice cream and so forth).

The biggest plus with Whataburger is if you ruin the turkey for Thanksgiving Day, Whataburger is open every day of the year including Xmas...LOL!笑
2nd time thru the drive thru.  Very nice gentleman took my order. Even let me order off the breakfast menu before 11pm. 
Allowed me to take my time, to look at menu. Didn't rush me. I appreciate that. I know people expect"fast" all the time. I appreciate him taking the time.  
He did forget to give me my daughters milk. I am in line getting it now. Very nice man. Accidents happen.笑
They need more workers poor service had too wait on ordering and then had to wait on food way to long笑
Ever since I tried Whataburger for the first time is Texas, they have been one of my favorites. Since there wasn't any in SoCal, I was very happy when I relocated to the Valley that there were plenty of Whataburgers to pass around!! Been here a few times, never had any problems! But then again, I don't expect to much from a fast food joint! Plenty of parking, and seating inside. Service has been good, sometimes the drive through can be slow. Their food is better then most other fast food joints, but you do pay for it.笑
First time ever there!!!  Ordered a salad with apples and cranberries among other things...no apples in the salad..what's the point of paying extra for a salad if you are not getting what is supposed t o be in it??  Never again!  I hate rip offs!!!  P.s.  Their french fries suck...my husband ordered them and their hamburgers were not even thick!笑
Love me some Whataburger!!  We don't have them in my part of the country, so when in AZ, gotta grab a burger!!  Love being able to add green chilis to, well, EVERYTHING!!  Been to this location a few times.  Inside the joint there is plenty of tables for dining, clean, spacious, and someone is around every few minutes cleaning up.  Usually go through the car line, our meal has been right EVERY time.  We have even orders single items, and the ordering clerk has coupled them together into a "meal" so we can get a "deal".  Thank you for that!!  Their to-go bags are thick, and don't allow for spillage or rips.  They give ample cutlery, napkins, and condiments.  The employees are always easy to hear and understand, and are very welcoming!!  I really appreciate this location!!  See you guys in a few months!!笑
Biggest College football game of the year and after the game we go here to whataburger and they have 3 people working.  Needless to say service was terrible 40 minutes for food and was terrible笑
So we had to try their burgers, everyone on base in California says they are comparable to In-N-Out, so we of course had to give them a chance!! We ordered a number one with cheese and a jalapeno burger with the fries and drink combo. These two meals cost us $14... We get our food and I was actually impressed with how large the burgers were. However, this food tasted like McDonalds... Actually I would have rather gone there because at least we would not have paid $14 for two cheeseburger combos. No thank you.. Greasy, lacking flavor, and the exact same pickles and fries as their ugly neighbor McDonalds. I think I will stick to In-N-Out. Thanks anyways though...笑
This place is nice and clean 
Very friendly and they come to your table to see if we need anything. Perfect! 
I only have to say please cook you burger longer your meets r not cooked long enough. My meat was not cooked  all way way through!  It taste like high school burgers! I like to go into a hamburger joint and well done charbroiled hamburger. Please cook your longer meat please.笑
The only reason I'm giving this place any stars is because the people working here are nice.. but the food is just awful. I work close and have given it multiple chances but the burgers are bland the chicken was dry and the buns do not taste fresh. I would rather have McDonald's and thats saying something.笑
The cashiers we dealt with the past 2 times we've gone were especially rude, and my expectations are generally pretty low. If we have a question, it's met with an eye roll. Our orders are never right. The last time we ordered, we asked for a medium fry, which we didn't get. We saw on the receipt that they put through the order for the fries and then removed it like they cancelled it. Certainly not the end of the world but annoying anyway.笑
For a fast food burger place this is my favorite. I like the fact that they don't load your burger with special sauce. Mustard is their spread of choice and this is how I like my burger. No special sauce or ketchup. The places are always clean, the people friendly. You make your order and it is delivered to your table. I do like the favor of their burger with green chilis. 
Give them a try.笑
Good and bad I have had at this Whataburger. The good is the burgers. They are great tasting and filling. The bad... I thought I tried the Buffalo Ranch Chicken Strips Sandwich. I asked for it without the ranch dressing and it came the way I ordered it. I just wish that it came with extra new, "oh-so-special Buffalo sauce." The sandwich was very dried. When they served me the sandwich I thought I might be offer some more sauce but I guess since it is "oh-so-special Buffalo sauce" must be used very special since they used very little of it. So when you go there just order a burger since it is what it is name after...笑
I entered this establishment today and I was immediately greeted by what I assumed was the manager.  Being in the same industry,  I look for little things most don't see.  The staff was friendly and had smiles on there faces when interaction with guests.   That impressed me, but, what most impressed was the one I assumed was a manager asking how my food was as he cleaned his restaurant.   To me, that shows pride in you're job.  To ask a guest how there food is at a fast food joint is above and beyond!  Kudos to Eliot!笑
When it comes to good pancakes you can't go wrong at Whataburger. My wife and I come. Here for their pancakes and find them to be in the top 3 for great pancakes. With "senior"coffee we both eat breakfast for under $6.笑
Decided to try out Whataburger for the first time today and am so happy I did. Ordered the Green Chile Double Burger combo and was amazed. The burger was hot and a bit spicy. Fries were hot and crispy. Staff was very friendly and kept coming by the table to ask if I needed anything or if I needed a refill. Will definitely be coming back again.笑
Whataburger has a decent burger, but is definitely not one of my favorite places even for fast food. This location hasn't been too busy on the few occasions that I have dined here though, so it has been quick and convenient for me.笑
All I ordered was root beer shake. 20 minutes later and no one came to my table. Saw people who had ordered before and after me get their food- whole families with entire orders and nothing. I finally went to the counter and told the girl (the same one I ordered from) that I hadn't received it and she said "oh" and grabbed a cup and filled it and brought it back to me. I took it and walked away and It wasn't even filled all the way. If it was that easy to do, why'd it take so long in the first place?笑
I have had good burgers from this location but the most recent burger i got was pitiful. The patty was super thin and falling out of the bun. The tomatoes were white and not ripe and it was just thrown together very poorly. After a long day at work all i wanted was a good burger :( fairly disappointed.笑
This whataburger restaurant is excellent,,I've eaten here several times,,the service  and food was great笑
Was the worse burger and fries that I've  had in a long time.burgers and buns were cold and tasteless and fries were also cold.Was so disappointed as I had eaten at the ones in Texas and they were good. My daughter and I felt it was 12.00 that was completely wasted笑
Absolutely the best fast food burger. Great service & food is Always hot & fresh. Wish the shakes tasted better & more like real ice cream. Love this place!!笑
The food is okay considering it is fast-food, but the drive-thru service is terrible.  I've been to this location a few times because it's on my way home from work and every time I have to wait at least 15 minutes in the drive-thru.  No matter what I order, I am stuck waiting  - not very fast-food if you ask me...笑
I used to love whataburger as a kid, it's a slowly slipping downward slope! I was so xited when I moved back into a neighborhood that had a whataburger so close, first time I went there waited literally 25 minutes behind 2 cars then had to pull away to go to mcdonalds 2 miles down the road. Decided to go back a couple months later(tonight) they didn't give me my drink, my bad for not recognizing this but I was busy on the phone. Food was ice cold when we got into it and we live less than a mile away. When I called to ask about a credit on the drink I got " oh next time u come thru ask for a free drink" really? Pretty sure that's not gonna work. They might be ok during the day but definitely don't go late night笑
I have to say....I am becoming a huge fan of Whataburger.  Sure, its a little bit expensive for "fast food", but in the end its worth it.  They cook everything fresh, their burgers are always juicy and huge, their fries are always salted well, they have spicy ketchup!, and I recently found out that they have a secret weapon....its on their breakfast menu.... the Honey Butter Chicken Biscuit.  Wow!  A freshly fried crunchy chicken strip nestled inside a freshly baked buttery, soft biscuit and then they drizzle this thing with their honey butter mixture.  WOW!  Possibly the best breakfast biscuit sandwich out there (Chick Fil-A is good, but this one here is a notch above that) right now!  They are only like $2.29 too, which is not bad at all.  Everyone I have encountered at Whataburger is very friendly too!  I'm glad we have them here in AZ.  CA could sure use one!笑
This was the first time I ate here, and would never eat again.  Both the service and food was horrible.To start off, like some fast food restaurants they want to charge you for extra condiments. That would have been okay except for a value meal, they gave me two lousy napkins!  To top if off my burger practically fell apart in my hands.  Will never eat at another Whataburger again! Whataburger? Whatarip.笑
Due to my job I tend to be out and about at crazy hours.  So this is a place I tend to hit up between 11pm and 1am.  It takes a while to get your food, but in this case I am saying that is a bonus and not a negative.  Their food is always fresh and worth the wait.