i'm giving this place a solid 3. i've had better cheap chinese and i've had worse. first off, let me just say take out is probably the way to go. our server was nearly impossible to understand and we drank water out of tiny styrofoam cups that we had to wait for her to refill.
i ordered the crab rangoon, a shrimp springroll, and chicken fried rice. the rangoon was pretty good, the springroll was just a clump of grease, and the rice was good. my friends ordered beef and broccoli, an egg roll, and general tso's. they were not too impressed with their meals.
as far as food, this place seems to be pretty hit or miss. the prices make it worth ordering take out or delivery, but i wouldn't waste my time eating in here.Ǿ
This place features everything you can expect from a standard hole-in-a-wall Chinese restaurant. There's zero ambiance, offers quick take-out and the service is rude. I decided to give Tasty a try because it's conveniently located on Highland Avenue and has easy parking.

I ordered the Kung Pao Chicken and Crab Rangoon. Sadly, they prepared Kung Pao Beef instead. It's extremely disappointing to receive the wrong food. It's even more disappointing when the restaurant refuses to correct the order. While it wasn't what I ordered, the food was good...but there is better Chinese food out there.Ǿ
While the food did get here quickly, I found the food pretty awful. The fried rice was bland and unseasoned, AND complete mush. The Sweet and Sour chicken tasted ok, but had been cooked way too long and was chewy as beef jerky. The lo mein and shrimp egg roll were good. Beyond that, it was sub-par chinese food.Ǿ
My wife and I have been going here for as long as we have lived in Pittsburgh, which is about 10 years.  This is our go-to Chinese restaurant, even after we moved out of the neighborhood.  I have never had a bad meal here, and I will forever love their beef chow fun!  My wife and I are moving to North Carolina in two days, and Tasty Chinese was the thing about Pittsburgh that we said we would miss the very most.  These are great folks, and I wish them the best of success in the future.  Remember, everyone, just because you read a negative review it does not mean that the food is bad!  Some people just have lousy taste buds, and many people have no idea what they are ordering to begin with.  Try things for yourself, and you will find some great food at Tasty!Ǿ
Ewwwww.

I ordered the sweet and sour chicken and it looked like Paula Deen had triple deep-fried it herself. It was pure grease.

Not worth paying for or eating. I took one bite, threw it away and called in delivery from my normal go-to Chinese delivery place, Chop Sticks on Murray Ave.Ǿ
Worst in Pittsburgh. Just got the MooGooGai Pan with Hot/sour soup which is one of my regulars. I read on here that they have a $10 minimum so I ordered some fried wontons to make up the difference. I was charged $14 because I didn't say "lunch special" when the size I was given was obviously lunch sized. The wontons were horrible dry crackers with a marble sized price of "meat" inside. No dipping sauce with the wontons. Hot/soup was bland was so small I thought it was my dipping sauce. Opened up my Moo Goo and it was mostly broccoli and zucchini. Almost no chicken. Got an extra fortune cookie though!
I will not be eating here again. Total disappointment.Ǿ
Excellent for take out.  The food off their Cantonese menu is excellent.  The American menu is good also, just that I don't like Americanized Chinese food.Ǿ
My standards are fairly low for small Chinese take-out restaurants, and Tasty meets that standard. My go-to order is always the General Tso's Tofu which I have had several times. The tofu is usually mushy and the sauce is a bit too sweet, but it's all tolerable. I would say they're on par with the quality of other average Chinese restaurants, but the prices are on the higher end. The lunch deals are a great value though if you're someone looking for a low cost alternative. 

I have never had great interactions with the employees/owners. They're not the most welcoming and their English is very broken so there's always some sort of miscommunication. This is not my top choice for Chinese take-out for sure, but I guess there are worse options out there.Ǿ
I was disappointed with the food I ordered from here. I ordered very simple items that include: won-ton soup, sweet and sour chicken, and fried dumplings. It was unlike any other sweet and sour chicken I've had before, but that was okay. The sweet and sour sauce had vegetables in it, which was unique, no complaints there, but the chicken had way to much breading in comparison to the amount of chicken inside. I probably would not order that again. The dumplings had way to much won-ton to pork filling as well. They were also not cooked all the way so the won-ton had a mushy but tough texture. I guess the won-ton soup was okay. I most likely won't go back for awhile or recommend.Ǿ
Tasty has quick and friendly service. The lady here is very caring and always here to serve you. The food was as you would expect from a standard Chinese American restaurant --- they have all the options like general Tso's Chicken, chicken and broccoli, Hunan chicken, etc. I got the Hunan chicken because j wanted something more flavor and spicy, and I have to say I'm impressed. Of course, catered towards Americans, the food isn't authentic, but it's still really good and I'd definitely recommend it.Ǿ
-3. Food arrived 2 hrs late. The delivery driver was the guy from the pizza place next door and didn't know anything about the order. Food was luk-warm when it arrived. The food was completely inedible. The sweet and sour chicken was DISGUSTING. It was a neon pink color and tasted like dried out chewy dog food. Beef tasted like it was bad and honestly I nearly puked after the first mouthfull. The only thing that was edible was the rice, which was average at best. There's $20 down the drain. Never again.Ǿ
Pretty solid Chinese takeout.  They have a $10 minimum on Campus Food and delivered in less time than expected.  The Szechuan eggplant was not spicy at all, but it did have a nice assortment of mixed vegetables (broccoli, zucchini, corn, carrots, etc.).  The vegetable egg rolls seemed pretty tough - I don't know that I would order them again.

Overall, I'm pretty pleased.  I already like this place - even the big neon sign that just says "Tasty" on the storefront.   (This is how I'm going to refer to it - ie, "Do you want some takeout from Tasty?")  I also love that one of their lunch menu options is fried rice, soup & an egg roll for $2.95!  I will almost definitely order from here again.Ǿ
Eating as I type. First time ordering here. 

Crab Rangoon - cooked to perfection. Downfall is there is barely anything stuffed inside. You don't taste a thing. Biggest disappointment.

Fried rice - average. It's rice. No sign of egg just a lot of onion. Not bad though. 

General tso's - pretty good. It's spicy like I requested. Sauce was all at the bottom, just needed a stir. Chicken was cooked nearly perfect, some a little chewy but better than the normal weird and slimy chicken you get. Sauce is really good. 

Ordered via eat street and took about 20 mins to be delivered to Bloomfield. Pretty fast. 

I'd order again. Definitely wouldn't try the Rangoon again. And that's one of my favorite apps.Ǿ
This is a little Hong Kong restaurant gem in Shadyside.But first a disclaimer, if your idea of classic Chinese food runs to General Tso or Kung Pau chicken, chow mein, egg rolls or (perish the thought ) crab Rangoon then this place is really not for you Although much of the business this place does is takeout/ delivery of the type of American Chinese dishes I mentioned above the Forte of Tasty Chinese restaurant is real Hong Kong style food . Unfortunately a great deal of what is on their regular menu and with the delivery services is comprised of the American version  of Chinese food.The first time I came to this place they only gave me the American iced menu.But having lived in the Bay Area for many years I scoped out the Hong Kong style menu and vowed to order from it the next time I went to Tasty and I did.Now I just  pick up the Hong Kong menu automatically when I come in.Their Hong Kong dishes are some of the best I've had in Pittsburgh.The garlic eggplant in a velvety sauce combines the right hint of spiciness with sweet and virtually melts in your mouth.The salted squid (what's usually known as salt and pepper squid) has a light, crispy coating with a minimum of oil and the texture of the squid is
just a tiny bit chewy but not too much so.Texture in squid is a daunting thing to get just right.I am a Chow Fun freak anyway  but their shrimp chow fun with egg sauce is the best I've ever tasted with slightly charred noodles fresh dhrimp and a wonderful egg scramble sauce . Recently I had a friend visiting from San Francisco and took him here (kind of a test to see if my view of this place was somehow off) and he raved about everything especially this chow fun dish.To sum up,if you want to experience the best of Tasty please order from the Hong Kong menu.Since. I don't order American Chinese dishes here I can't comment on them but I guess the genius of this place is authentic South Chinese dishes (as evidenced by the Chinese families I've seen eating here) not the usual  pseudo Chinese dishes many people seem to order here.I expect the chef/cook here just doesn't have his heart in Crab Rangoon or chow mein.Ǿ
I recently pop in to this restaurant and got a Black Bean Pork on rice. It was great!!

The vegetable was fresh, the source was not too heavy and the meat was tasty!!Ǿ
This is really solid chinese food. They have both American and Hong Kong menus, each with some stars. Their dishes with veggies are awesome. It's nice that everything isn't just fried and drowned in sauce. 

Give them a try. While this isn't the best Chinese food I've ever had, it's really solid for the area and has a few standout dishes.

The restaurant itself is also clean and fairly recently renovated.Ǿ
I unapologetically love Tasty Chinese. Aside from the slightly higher bar of quality that their food provides, I've found comfort in never ordering a dish I didn't like. The friendly staff, clean tables, and stellar turnaround time on orders has made Tasty my go-to in terms of East End Chinese orders for pick-up.

My usual order for three people includes crab rangoon or egg rolls, hot and sour soup, General Tso's chicken, fried rice, and lo mein. I encourage you to order whatever you want, though, because it's all pretty...pretty...pretty Tasty.Ǿ
Never received my order and was left in a bad mood. The driver did not carry GPS for delivery, did not know my address which is right in squirrel hill, did not listen to me (or did not understand me?) when I tried to give him directions, asked me to pick up food from an intersection 0.3 miles away from my apartment in snow, and finally yelled at me to cancel my order. 

Cannot comment about food, but whatever experience I had left a bad taste.Ǿ
Went here last night for takeout since our normal place is currently renovating their kitchen. 

We ordered fried dumplings which were just ok. We also ordered some shrimp lo mein and general tsos chicken. These were some of the best entrees that I have gotten from a takeout place. The lo mein was perfectly cooked and was not greasy at all. The shrimp were also cooked perfectly. The general tsos may be some of my favorite I have ever gotten. It wasn't spicy like I requested, but the chicken was still crispy after having to drive it home and the sauce was very savory. 

Overall I probably will crave the food from here and will be back, on a night when I do not mind driving to pick up.Ǿ
Holy bat balls did this place have bad food! Nothing but flavorless, Americanized Chinese food. Asked for a few items to be as spicy as possible and got card board. Never, ever again.Ǿ
As a chinese american college student from NYC who got stuck in Pittsburgh with its useless public transportation (circa 1998), I desperately missed home-style Chinese food for the better part of my first two years here. Things turned around for me once I got a car (or made friends with cars), but I was seriously hurting for a while.

Tasty was one of the places we found. Back in the day, it was owned and ran by a typical restaurant-owning Chinese family. They had the works - pushy lao ban niang (boss lady), chef slash dad, and, during school off-hours, junior high school daughter manning the cashier. If they were in NYC, they'd only be missing an ami.... a bus boy. The food was pretty good, and if you order in Chinese, the lao ban niang hooked you up with extras because "your parents teach you good to talk Chineees". 

I'm pretty sure Tasty is under new ownership now. The food isn't as good as it was, but the restaurant still gives off the home-style look and feel. It's a small restaurant with enough seating for about 25-30 patrons. Cheap tables, cheap seats; after all, restaurant extras are just a waste of money. The customers should come back for the food, this *is* a restaurant.

The new waitress is not friendly, but she gets the job done. The food is still good - so if you're craving a home cooked meal, you'll be somewhat satisfied here. Don't expect grandma's cooking, though. Order the vegetables, the mapo tofu is good, beef/chicken chow fun, etc. They have a lot of other staple items on the menu too. Don't get the salted pork chops - save that craving for Orient Kitchen. Try things, and share your thoughts.

Tasty - it's more than your neighborhood take out joint.

- written by a former junior high school daughter cashierǾ
I wish there was a zero star option to give. This may be some of the worst "Chinese" I've ever been delivered. First off, everything was dripping everywhere. The entire bag was a soggy mess. Then we get to the chicken chow mein. I'm not even sure they bothered to cook that. My boyfriend couldn't even look at it once taking a bite, it made him sick. Next up, the "general tso's bean curd." Under cooked and not properly drained of any water. I don't know what that sauce was made from but it was disgracing all General Tso's sauce by existing. The egg rolls, a Chinese classic, were so dark and hard, I'm not sure how we could have possibly eaten them. The Crab Rangoon's... Generally these are my favorite thing at a Chinese restaurant. I'm not sure what they think they are attempting to pass for Crab Rangoon's here. These monstrosities were completely inedible. 

The only thing they didn't mess up on our order was the rice. It tasted and looked like rice. When we called to complain I was told the restaurant said they did nothing wrong and wouldn't do anything about the situation. Awesome. Now my stomach is upset from the few bites I took.

I'm pretty sure this place should change it's name to "Inedible Slop" because it's far from "Tasty."Ǿ
Food: There are countless options to choose from for vegetarians or carnivores, but the food is only so-so.  We've ordered takeout numerous times due to proximity, and nothing has been bad, but nothing has been special.  The general Tso's tofu and the Moo Shu vegetables are the best things we've ordered.  The eggplant was soggy and not great.  The portions are large.  Nothing is particularly spicy even if it is mentioned as being spicy on the menu.

Price: Tasty is cheap.  

Drinks: N/A

Atmosphere: Typical Chinese takeout place.  A photo of every single meal they offer is on the wall.  Located in the plaza next to Pizza Parma.  Decent location for that end of Shadyside.

Service: The employees speak poor English but can usually understand what you are askingt/telling them.  The food is usually ready for takeout within 10-15 minutes.

(+): many options, cheap, ready quickly

(-): food is nothing to write home about

Would I go back again? If I'm feeling too lazy/broke to go anywhere else.Ǿ
Tasty is Pittsburgh's BEST kept secret for Cantonese cuisine. If you're Chinese and miss your mum's cooking, this is the place to go!!! The service is fast, the food is cheap and they serve you gummies to end of the meal! Did I mention that there's a designated parking lot right infront of the store?

Don't order the American standards of General Tso's and Moo Goo Gai Pan , unless you REALLY want to. This is the place to get really authentic home cooked food. Order the steam ground pork, or steam ground pork with egg, the tofu, veggie and mushroom dish on the special menu written in Chinese( second from the right), the cold steamed chicken with ginger, or the chicken with mushroom, or the pork chop with pepper sauce, or the shrimp with egg and the list goes on. 

If you have an occasion, say a graduation dinner, the restaurant will even roast you a duck (yum!), or stir fry up some lobster with ginger and scallions ( big yum!) or stew you some pork with lotus root soup ( super yum!). And they will arrange the tables nicely, and cover them up with some festive table cloth. The owners are also really accomodating with regards to changing the menu at short notice and special requests. If you need to refrigerate a cake, they will gladly oblige. They do not serve alcohol, its a BYOB place. The BEST part, a ten course dinner for 11 people will set you back about $120 or so including tax and tip (menu included roast duck and lobster)!  

My husband and I have been eating at this little hole in the wall for years now and we are really going to miss it when we move.  The owners are really nice and the food is great!Ǿ
Note: Tasty has a credit card minimum of $10 and has a parking lot

Tasty is another standard chinese takeout place - it didn't blow my mind but overall it was good, especially considering the price. Before I continue, I will come out and say that all of the food was a little tough - the eggroll especially(As was warned) -  and the rice had some dark spots(I assume it was from the bottom of the cooking vessel).  However, I will chalk some of it up to my mistake because I thought they closed a half hour later,  than they did, and consequently ordered about 10 minutes before they closed. So, Tasty, you get a pass on the rice

Anyhow, I ordered a vegetable eggroll($1.50) and general tso's tofu($8.25)(I've learned to accept my guilty pleasure). I ordered the general tso's extra spicy - it was not. Also, the tofu was in very large chunks, which has seemed to be my luck lately. I want surface area, and I don't want to have to figure out how to cut my food with chopsticks. I will say, though, that the sauce was very tasty - enough to seal the deal for a future order at this place.

The eggroll, as I said, was tough.. It tasted good, but it was tough, and small... This probably won't be in my future order, however with the $10 minimum I do need to order something else with my tofu... I hope the soup is good.

The lady behind the counter was friendly and was decent on the phone and didn't once mention that they were closing so close to when I ordered. Portion size was good, for the $10.44 it cost me, I'll definitely be able to make a lunch out of what is left.Ǿ
Well, where do I start? I ordered the Singapore chow fun, mixed vegetables in garlic sauce and the typical wan ton soup. All greatly overpriced. Must be the area...
I'll preface this with how kind the "owner"was. Very kind, gave me minor changes without question.

Soup first. Zero flavor, zero filling, frozen wan tons? If not, which I highly doubt, whomever made them should quit or be fired. They most certainly sat in broth for hours. I couldn't even pick them up. They fell apart. 

Veg second. Fresh vegetables, thanks for that. Again no effing flavor. Watery sauce, no heat. Just bad. 

And finally. The worst part of it all. Singapore chow fun. This is a curry based thin noodle dish. The curry was obviously burnt in the pan or wok before anything else was mixed into it. See pics of giant balls of noodles that tasted like the burnt curry. Not sure if this is from everyone else in this area ordering the typical American garbage Chinese food and they don't make it often, or what. I've had this dish a million times better, in much lesser places for $2 less. Price doesn't matter to me at all, though. It was just inedible. All noodle, no filler. 

Avoid if you want anything but Americanized junk food.Ǿ
Ordered the lunch special with sesame bean curd + steamed rice + veggie egg roll.  The food was great, and you get a LOT for $5.65.  My friend got general tso's chicken with fried rice, and she enjoyed her meal as well.

The lady at the counter was very friendly and refilled our waters often during lunch.  When we were done eating, she gave us little Japanese mango gummy candies on our way at the door.

I would definitely come back for lunch here--it's nothing fancy, but very reasonably priced and, well, tasty. :)Ǿ
Real beef and real chicken! The beef and chicken don't have that weird soft texture that most have. It actually has some grain. Dishes that are suppose to be spicy actually have some kick to them. Sauces are on the thinner side but that just means they don't thicken with MSG or starch. Egg rolls are delish but I'd give it a good roll in a paper towel to get off extra grease. Besides the tiny things, I like the food here.