Jonathan's menu is full of fresh cuisine that has a flair for healthy Greek food. The chicken souvlaki was moist and tender and served with a good choice of sides. The ambiance and decor is warm and more upscale than your typical restaurant. The staff are friendly and attentitive. The Chef knows how to do prime rib just right! The patio is a fun place to meet for drinks after work. Overall a great place for a moderately affordable meal the entire family can enjoy.Ǿ
Have been to Jonathan's a few times and I have to say they are consistent with good home style Greek food.  Staff are always friendly and last night was no different whereby we were greeted with a friendly smile by the Hostess and seated right away. Our waitress was very helpful and pleasant.  We ordered our food and portions where generous.  Decor is simple and comfortable.  Would definitely go back.Ǿ
The staff are friendly enough - real nice actually - but the food is just average and the decor feels old & tired.Ǿ
This place is really great for lunch. Their menu has all sorts of salads, sandwiches and burgers, but I always order the chicken souvlaki! The steak salad is also a huge hit! 

You can tell their food is fresh because it takes a long time to arrive, but it's worth the wait! I recommend going with no more than 4 people if you need to be out in an hour.Ǿ
A Restaurant Makeover candidate... Stopped in for lunch, four years since my last visit.  I guess I was underwhelmed the first time, although it wasn't bad.  However, this time...

I ordered the Beef Dip, a lunchtime staple, and my daughter ordered Chicken Fingers.  My plate arrived with the fatty prime rib sandwich and a handful of standard restaurant fries--nothing more.  The other plate arrived with 5 dry chicken strips and a handful of standard restaurant fries--nothing more. The price with coffee and soft drink:  $35!

The environment reeks of neglect, peeling floors, worn walls, and flat screen's caked with grime.  During lunchtime, the only other (5) occupied tables of seniors talked quietly.

For $35, expect fresh instead of frozen institutional foods, and a comfortable environment.  The outstanding wait staff need to find a better place to work.  As for diners, walk half a block north to Graystone's for the polar opposite dining experience at the same price.Ǿ
Grill-style restaurant that leans toward Greek + italian cuisine.

Very tasty gyro meat, huge portions, friendly staff.

It's like the greek/italian version of Graystone's.Ǿ
Love this place, the staff is incredibly friendly. The food is great and fresh. There are new owners who have been remodelling/upgrading and it looks so nice! A make over was needed and I'm glad its happening.