Fantastic ambiance and decor.  5 stars all the way for that.  Service was very good too and food was also very good.  Solid 4 stars on food, you won't be disappointed. We tried all 3 fish dishes at our table (black cod, salmon and branzino) and we all though black cod was the best.  We wouldn't hesitate to go back.  Nice for kids too.笑
2 visits...2 very different experiences. My first visit in February mostly consisted of drinks and some light food. All in all...a solid experience. My most recent visit was vastly different..
My sister and I took my mother for her birthday to brunch and we walked away disappointed by the experience. I've never been "wow'd" by Fox restaurant's food but the great décor is unique and the outdoor seating at The Henry seemed perfect for a daytime celebratory meal. Unfortunately the service was just lacking in so many areas: after an hour in, we had only been seated and refreshments delivered. My father had to leave for an appointment with his waffles in a to-go box. I'm sure it tasted lovely later post-microwave. Then my mother's salad was just plain sad..it had the most meager sprinkle of shredded chicken I've ever seen. This all being served by a young lady with zero personality and she really appeared to hate her job. This place is definitely worth a visit for drinks and to take in the spare-no-expense décor but temper your expectations a bit on everything else.笑
It's a hassle to get served if you don't have a reservation.  The bar area is packed and you really have to move fast to score a place to sit.

That being said, the swedish meatballs were excellent!笑
The Henry is a place that sometimes I go to twice in one day.  Fantastic restaurant with beautiful indoor seating, a nice patio, and a coffee bar if you are on the run.  Plan to bump into someone you know.  Great atmosphere.笑
So, I call the restaurant and inquire if their patio is dog friendly.  The answer is yes.  We come by with our dog about 30 minutes later and informed by the manager (young, good looking hipster dude) that the patio is closed, but 'we'll get you a waiter'.  I told the manager that I was fine to go elsewhere and he said it was no problem.  It was hot and we waited for over 15 minutes and no waiter ever came out.  We finally gave up and went to O.H.S.O. which is very dog friendly.  I get it.... not every place is dog friendly, but why tell us you'll provide service, and then not?笑
I had my birthday dinner here with my friends and boyfriend. We all loved it and had a great time. Second time, my boyfriend and I took my sister and her husband here (they're from out of town) the service was not good. Our waitress took a very long time for everything. I've been a waitress myself so I try not to say anything . But other than that everything was great. My sister loooooved the food!笑
Went for Sunday brunch. I can tell you the ambience is nice. The coffee cake is TO DIE FOR and the service was decent. Highly recommend a reservation though. We went about 9am and there were plenty of empty tables but were told to find open seating or wait approximately an hour. Strange - when it appeared to have at least a 1/2 dozen or more open tables. 

You can also go to the bakery counter and pick up something quick to go. Again, I HIGHLY recommend the coffee cake!笑
We made a reservation and enjoyed our dinner Saturday night at the Henry...clearly another great Fox Concepts restaurants!  To start, the atmosphere is great - beautifully decorated and complete attention to detail.  The service was great too - we were warmly welcomed, promptly seated and helped immediately.  

We started our dinner with the cheddar popovers...sinfully good!  They serve them with a ham flavored butter and a fleur de sel - simply amazing!  We both opted for the roasted chicken entree with two picnic sides.  I choose the creamed corn and the mac 'n cheese - wow, both of these were amazing!  My husband chose the mashed potatoes and the cauliflower polenta...the polenta was crazy good!  I am actually craving it just sitting here typing up this review.  

I wish we had saved room for dessert as I hear their choices are amazing...next time for sure!

I am excited to come by in the morning and check out the coffee bar and make the work space mine for a few hours...great idea and can't wait to try it out!

Another home run for Fox...way to go!笑
Some of the best service I've experienced during my 5 day trip here. We had the short rib potstickers and kale dip for appetizers and each got fish as an entree. Very fresh, colorful, and with lots of good seasonings. The place is quite spacious which makes for quick seating even without a reservation. I enjoyed it and would certainly visit again.笑
I've been curious about The Henry so when a friend suggested we meet here for lunch I was eager. I checked out the menu beforehand and was a little disappointed, but still went anyway. Fingers crossed for a daily special. The menu does not identify whether or not an item is gluten free. Being vegetarian AND gluten intolerant the menu seemed very small. The brussel sprout Caesar minus the croutons was good, but not good enough for me to return. 

The reason for just 3 stars is the lack of notation on the menu regarding gluten/non gluten items. I can think of at least 2 other Fox restaurants that have updated menus. Also, I attempted to order truffle fries. The very kind waitress went back and forth to multiple times only to find out there is not a separate fryer that is strictly for gluten free items. Clearly this whole gluten thing is a big deal to me, I hoped The Henry cared more about patrons with food allergies-wrong!笑
Friend and I went here for dinner this week. We opted to sit outside since it was a nice night. The drink menu was great- great choice of wine and beer and interesting cocktails. As far as food, we ordered the guac to start and did the chicken and bolognese as our mains. I'd skip the guac- too many weird things in it, clementines, pistachios etc. there was more 'stuff' than avocado.

As far as the main courses both dishes were good but the Bolognese stood out! It's a perfect portion with unique noodles- think really big elbow noodles.

You're probably thinking why 3 stars if the food was good. Well, our waiter wasn't great. When we asked for his recommendation on food, it was clear he was trying to upsell us. When my friend ordered the chicken he literally said 'the best thing I like about it is the sides, and you can get chicken anywhere'. He then suggested the steak - which spoiler alert- you can get anywhere. We spent most of the night talking about the service than the food! I'd go here again but I'd hope for a different waiter.笑
This place lives up to the hype in a lot of ways -has a great vibe- even in the summer - and feels like a living room. I'd recommend any of the salads and a glass of wine in the middle of the day...because....a 75 hour work week, that's why.笑
You won't find many poor reviews as their cuisine is heavenly, and this review does not dispute that finding. On Valentine's Day at breakfast around 9:15 we waited 25 minutes for a table and waited another 15 minutes while one coffee was served but not the other. No milk for another 10 minutes. Then napkins came out after another 5 minutes. You're getting the point. The logistics are amateur hour, which belies the absolutely fabulous creations from their kitchen.笑
Great bartenders, I had an old fashioned and the chicken fried chicken and a beer for Sunday brunch. All excellent.笑
This place has an amazing environment! The design both interior and exterior is amazing! I took a friend from out of town here for brunch and it was a great place to be for the view. 

So my experience was subpar. I won't complain and I always give the server/restaurant the benefit of the doubt but my first experience was so bad that it was funny. My friend was ordering tea and had 3 different servers come back 4 different times before he got the tea. He asked a server that came over what tea they had, the server said " I don't know, let me grab another server", 2nd server came and he asked what tea do you have, server said "let me see the menu" Came back a few minutes later and my friend said Pearl Green Tea. The 3rd server, Our original server, comes back now and asks I heard you want tea, which tea do you want and my friend says again Pearl Green Tea and we finally get the tea.

There were many experiences like this on Saturday and the place wasn't too busy, but I wasn't going to give the server a hard time. Although it was a little frustrating, I just laughed it off. 

I ordered the spicy chicken scramble and it was pretty basic and nothing special nor good and i don't think it was worth the money.

My friend ordered the fried chicken waffle and said the gravy had no flavor and had to ask for some salsa to give some flavor the meal.

I would have to say my favorite part of this brunch was my Fresh Squeezed IPA haha笑
I was expecting this place to be great... went for brunch last weekend. Busy but meh.... The food was very average... My friend had the carrot cake pancakes with a cream cheese icing... they sounded like they would be interesting but they were just plain gross. I had something more normal, the egg white turkey omelette, this was much better than the carrot cake pancakes but very plain tasting. We ordered a bruleed pink grapefruit ( this was better than both our entrees! yummy). We also liked the Bloody Marys, they were good. The atmosphere didn't seem that special, almost like someone's living room. It wasn't bad but I was not excited by The Henry either.笑
Great people watching and even better food! Coffee bar is on par! Danielle is great with the refills! Che che Che check it out!笑
I absolutely adore The Henry. It's yet another Fox Concept that leaves your tummy full and happy and your inner foodie debating on whether or not to make a return trip the very next day. The decor is absolutely perfect. It reminds me of the perfectly tucked away, industrial-esque Cape Cod home that you escape to when  you're writing your next novel or reinventing yourself after a quarter-life crisis. As lame as it may sound, that's the relaxed energy vibe that I get when I visit The Henry. And trust me, even though I may not be able to portray it well with words, when you visit, you'll understand exactly what I'm talking about. 

I've only visited here for weekend brunches, and let me tell you, their brunch menu is unreal. My absolute favorite brunch item is their quinoa breakfast burrito served with breakfast potatoes. It's a Southwest-style burrito with black beans, avocado, and the traditional breakfast burrito fare (eggs, cheese, etc.). But the quinoa added really sets it apart from similar brunch spots. The portion size is very realistic for brunch and for what you pay, and you leave feeling very satisfied. I've also tried their bagel & lox, the huevos rancheros, and the spicy sausage scramble. All of which were well-executed, light enough for brunch but still filling, and some of the best-tasting brunch entrees I've had. 

Do yourself a favor and skip their regular drip coffee. It's nothing special. Instead, head over to the coffee bar or have your server order you an Americano. Their espresso is much more smooth and decadent-tasting than their drip coffee. Trust me. You'll see what I mean when you try one of their espresso-made drinks. 

The staff is warm and welcoming, but not in the overly-obnoxious way that you get with some breakfast/brunch crews. It seems like the management staff understands that they don't need to hire people who put on fake smiles and turn on fake personalities for tips. They hire people with just the right amount of personality that encapsulate the theme/energy of the restaurant itself. They're there when you need them, and gone when you don't. And for me, someone who's entirely not a morning nor a people person, that's exactly how I like my service. 

I loved The Henry so much the first Saturday I visited them for brunch, that I came back the very next Sunday only to be wowed again by their calming ambiance, decadent food, and servers who are by today's definition most definitely a "whole squad" that works together "on that real.." to keep my experiences at The Henry real. Did I just go there? Yeah. I think I did...笑
I will start by saying that the food was good, very typical Fox dinning. The drinks are creative and I enjoyed the selection of whiskey/bourbon...However, all this was overshadowed by the horrible costumer service. I have never been treated so poorly. We were there with a large party and nothing was done correctly,  drinks were wrong, food was incorrect and the staff seemed annoyed at us for their errors. Quite shocking and I will never return.笑
I *adore* The Henry. They kill it with service here. As I said over brunch this morning the staff is incredibly attentive. A buffalo herd of us arrived for breakfast club to sample the wonders of the morning menu. Thank you Seth, and everyone at The Henry for rocking it out to help all 15 of us!

As I have been known to write marathon reviews here's the skinny:
+ fancy looking joint (stunning design) supports a range of dress style
+ incredible drinks w/the best bar stools in history
+ coffee bar area, kid friendly
+ outdoor patio area complete with misters, heat lamps, comfy seating and umbrellas

I'd eat the breakfast burrito again in a heart beat. In my current food coma I really can't describe what is in it. For that I fail you. Read the menu. I'm sorry. My table mates agreed when they sampled that it was gosh darn good. I had planned to take the other half home for lunch. That did not happen. I'm sporting a buddha belly right now.

The fried chicken with over easy eggs and gravy s not a low calorie item. Whatevs. Just get it. You'll thank me. I was envious of the other people at my table. Thank god they threw some forkfuls my way. I was also a fool for not ordering pancakes. Heaven help me. I'd probably lick that plate. Manners? What are they for? Live for today!

I'd really like to take a nap now, however, the gym calls. It's not too late for you heathens to hustle over for some brunch/lunch action. Get it!笑
This was an unexpected place to find a coffeeshop, it is just down the street from Carmel's. They have a few fun drink and baked good items on their menu.笑
This place always makes me laugh because it seems like everyone that walks through the door is chic and attractive. Usually I don't frequent that type of trendy hot spot but the food and service is always stellar and consistent, so I dine here often. My favorite is to grab the quinoa burrito and coffee for breakfast to go (pro tip, get an extra salsa, as each serving is just enough for each burrito half). It's a bit pricey but you kinda have to expect that considering the location and high-end ambience. Good spot to see/be seen/enjoy a delicious meal.笑
Had gone to The Henry for a work Christmas party and wanted my daughter to try it. We went for her 18th birthday party. So much fun and the food was fantastic. The truffle fries are lethal in a good way. I could have eaten those as my dinner alone. The lighting and atmosphere is, for lack of a better word, so chill. Love it! Will be my go to for all my special occasions.笑
The Henry was a great experience for us. The vibe is like a combination of "Roaring 20s" combined with mid-century modern. It's done in a very warm and inviting way. The service was excellent. Our server had great suggestions and recommendations for us. The cocktail menu had some interesting and unique choices and the Scotch and Bourbon list was extensive. I had a fig & ginger mule in a hand-hammered copper mug. Delicious! The food was top quality, well prepared and delicious. We had the short rib pot stickers, the Brussels Sprouts Caesar salad, the Thai Peanut Black Cod and the Korean Skirt Steak over Vegetable Fried Rice. I would definitely go back.笑
Parking lot and not valet
The grilled asparagus appetizer was very good
We got the Quinoa tacos and added salmon so it was $11 + $8 = $19 (See photo)
That was a better deal than the Skuna Bay Salmon. Both were very good but the Quinoa tacos are better deal.
Service was also excellent笑
This place was incredible.  It's a country home setting as if your at Martha's Vineyard. The menu gives you so many amazing breakfast and lunch choices. 

It's a comfy, warm cozy atmosphere were the waiters blend into the scenery. 

My husband had the Caramel Apple pancakes and I made the mistake of trying them...... I remember white lights and birds singing...... This must be heaven. These pancakes are so damn good!!!!!

This isn't going to be the last visit.....ill be back real soon....like tomorrow!!!!笑
great bloody mary bar for breakfast.  

They have these fantastic carrot cake pancakes that are unreal. 

Its nice to go to a place that not only has a great vibe but also has really good food.

only bummer is there are no dogs allowed on the main patio which i think they should totally consider.笑
I love the ambiance, Very nautical feel here. 

Starters ;; Avacado Brushetta was phenomenal. My nephew loved it. White truffle parmesan  fries. Ahhh. Is a musttt. Best truffle fries I had ever had. No joke :)

Gemelli bkack truffle was my entrée,  it was way to salty and way too cheesy. The spinach taste so old :( 
My sister ordered the pork rib. She had barely any meat, all she had was the fat. No meat :( So she ate r he mashed potatoes instead, and her skn mac and cheese.
Honestly,  I would of been fine with my white truffle Parmesan fries as a entrée.

After our brunch, we walkes to get coffee, which was in the same restaurant. It was cute.笑
It was just okay. Had to sit on the patio because it was so busy. Sorry but the patio completely lacks any personality. Staff was very nice. Service was good but food was average at best.笑
This place is wonderful! It can be pretty busy but it is a nice atmosphere! I was confused at first how it worked, but in the morning I learned you walk up to the register, order, and they give you a number and serve you at your table. In the afternoon and evening, you are seated and served as a regular restaurant. Hope this helps! I'm looking forward to going back again soon!笑
Argh!  Why did I come back!!  I just love the ambiance of this place, I want the food and service to match!! After having to flag down the bartender to give is menus it all just went down hill!  The final insult was when we told him how incredibly salty and inedible the hamburger was he told us to tell them no extra salt on the tomatoes next time!  Sorry won't be a next time!!笑
We had a reservation at 12:45pm, and when 1:45pm rolled around, we had just been seated but hadn't ordered yet. The food was good, but I probably wouldn't wait out that long for something I didn't absolutely love. I got the grilled chicken, which was tasty, and the whole meal was very filling! It's a cute location, and taking a photo by the sign out front is a MUST! I hear dinner really good, so I might have to go back for that. I wouldn't mind waiting if it wasn't so hot outside, and there was more room to wait inside. While we were waiting, we had to stand the entire time. I just suggest going when it's not as hot, so you can wait it out outside since it can get cramped. 5 stars if the wait wasn't so long!笑
Good service & unique menu. Worth checking it out. The appetizers were all great. I would probably get something other than the sea bass next time.笑
It's a nice experience that I had visited this place. Excellent food, very consistent from top to end! Call staff with full attention to all the important details. The bar portion is the place where I used to settle and grab few glasses of wine or any cocktail, ideal place for business purposes.笑
Love the place. I never had a bad experience.  Food is great, amazing drinks. Reservation recommended.笑
Indulgence at The Henry this week to beat the Valentine's Day rush.  Appetizers fail to knock our socks off and Swedish meatballs appear slightly undercooked.  Service is very good and quite professional. Main vegan (squash) entree was a bit sweet for my taste - was it supposed to be accompanied by a side salad? Salmon salad does contain fun surprising flavors. 

Wine list is not for the budget minded and is committed to a low price point of $59 bottle.  Also, a happy hour was not noted. Hmm, how about a little give back for future loyal customers?

Quite glad that we ate outdoors as interior is way LOUD, as reputed.  Crowd appears to be from local zip code. The patrons are fully aware that partying here is hip and reduces the drive home plus use of a dishwasher. Clearly, good marketing by Fox.

Indeed, the patio is well laid out and invites folks to relax and spend hours here in the comfortable benches and fun outdoor textures. Unique patio trees. Please relocate gas heaters from touching overhead outdoor lighting. Perhaps the only design flaw?笑
Obsessed with this spot! Only reason I knocked off a star is because the service was super slow. 

This place is massive! The patio is darling and the decor is unique & old school chic. 

Came here for brunch and sat outside. The food was great. Had the 2 egg breakfast, severed with delicious homemade apricot jam for the toast. The breakfast potatoes were so perfectly seasoned and cooked. The caramel roll is a MUST... It's simply perfection. The brûlée grapefruit is excellent: juicy sweet tart goodness.      Yummy Bloody Mary. Tasty iced coffee.

The price is right. The location is right. 
Cannot WAIT to come back for more!笑
I ate dinner at The Henry on a busy Tuesday night - we were a table of four.

Tried the shrimp, artichoke, smoked salmon and brie appetizers - all were excellent. 4+/5

Tried the skirts on fire and the pork entree. Very tasty as well. 5/5

Mule mixed drink excellent! 5/5

Everyone loved this place(one of fox's best yet)

The decor and ambiance is perfect, the coffee bar is a plus (I hear business breakfast is awesome here- no waiter service but you can use the restaurant facilities...) 

The booth tables are VERY comfortable...

I figure Mr. Fox would not disappoint in this restaurant which sits right below his corporate offices...

EXCELLENT SERVICE!!

HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!

Btw, desserts were superb, and pricing is fair!笑
I was here in April 2015 for a birthday brunch on a Saturday. I was so excited because I had heard good things about the brunch here. I ordered the turkey omelet. I got it made with full eggs instead  of whites. It came with a couple spoonfuls of potatoes also. The portion was way too small and not satisfying. I was still hungry afterward. I felt cheated, considering the price of the meal. I'm not going back.笑
Beautiful place, I had the burger, my friend had the turkey French dip. Delicious! The kale dip app was amazing too. We even had dessert! Holy Cow, it was a warm croissant bread pudding. I will definitely be back!!笑
Great environment, decent food, weird service. This place is all about being seen at the scene. I went there the other night with a friends and it took forever to order then too long between dishes. The waiter had a strange side kick who followed him around everywhere he went. The two of them together were like two lost puppies. I don't know why the extra guy was there. It was almost like a scene out of The Grand Budapest Hotel.

On a better note I do enjoy the breakfast and it is a nice place to get coffee. I would recommend this place for breakfast and brunch rather then dinner.笑
The Henry was the placed picked for September's Breakfast Club UYE, and I have to say, it's such a cute place, why haven't I been here before? After some seating issues we got to look over the menu and figure out what we wanted.

I knew before I got there that I was interested in the Carrot Cake Pancakes, I love love love carrot cake and I love pancakes, so why not have the best of 2 worlds in one. Right?  The pancakes had salted pecans, golden raisins and cream cheese frosting, but it was missing the carrot for me! I love a real carroty carrot cake so I was somewhat disappointed. My friend ordered the chicken fried chicken and we exchanged bites and man that was amazing chicken fried chicken, can't wait to go back for that! 

Breakfast was good; company was great, looking forward to the next BCUYE!笑
Darn good.  Everything we had was good. The artichoke toast as an appie is a must!!  
Nice patio, big fireplace.  Really great place!笑
Great atmosphere and beautiful people watching.  Had the carrot cake pancakes with a  side of bacon, potatos and eggs.  All very tasty especially the potatos which were spiced just right.  Great service.  Our highest compliment, "We will be back."笑
We came here for dessert. Let me tell you their dessert and coffee was the best! We ordered their chocolate peanut butter lava cake with vanilla ice cream. It was rich and creamy inside. The best part of the cake was that it was filled with peanut butter and it paired well with the vanilla ice cream and coffee. I forgot what coffee I ordered but it was pretty strong. Their atmosphere is very inviting, clean, and service was great. This place is a great place to lounge around while enjoying a good conversation with friends or even with your boyfriend.笑
Would recommend every time. The Henry pairs atmosphere with cuisine like most Fox Restaurants...with excellence. The in-house coffee bar offers great drinks if you're simply looking to stop in and study. Otherwise, their menu offers great options for any diner.笑
Have been here 10+ times and have had pretty good experiences each time. Prices are what you would expect for this area. Friendly staff and great atmosphere. Highly recommend the spicy sausage scramble for breakfast - lots of crumbled sausage, and fresh veggies along with breakfast potatoes.笑
I thought it was me,  do had to do a little research.  Ordered the cod and noticed it smelled and tasted fishy.   Thought maybe that is what cod is like,  but found out fishy taste in cod means it's not fresh.   If I can taste it through he ginger glaze then it must be sketchy.笑
As with most Fox Restaurant Concepts restaurants, this one was tasty with a good atmosphere. I went for brunch on a Sunday with some girlfriends and we started with the Bloody Mary bar. Although I have had tastier Bloody Mary's (this one was a little more on the thin side than I prefer), you get to choose from 4 vodkas: onion and celery, bacon, and two chile flavored ones (I forget which). My only qualm with this process is that they have someone personally come to your table to make them and there's an unspoken expectation to tip (there is a tip jar with money). I completely understand why one should tip (and we did) but it feels tacky and frankly unnecessary--I'd rather just have mine brought to me like other restaurants. My own cheapness aside :), it was undeniably yummy.  I split the Prairie Breeze Cheddar Popovers and the grilled asparagus and poached egg with one of my friends and it was the perfect meal for the two of us because we were not overly hungry.  The grilled asparagus and egg dish was delicious---the egg was done perfectly and the asparagus were really flavorful.  My friends liked the Cheddar Popovers a lot but I think I had too high of expectations because they really just tasted like 'normal' croissants. Overall, I liked the experience and I'd go again but would try something else.笑
I love the patio at the Henry. It's comfy, beautiful and really nice at this time of year. This time we just had sandwiches but included some of my favorite things there..fries with truffle oil, a kale dip that I could eat a bucket of...and a flour less German chocolate cake that was so good that we could split it three ways. Service is great and I plan to return next week! One of Foxes best eateries!笑
You better make a reservation if you feel like eating here during the lunch or dinner hour! This could be on of the most popular Sam Fox spots I've seen so far. Since day one, it's been nearly impossible to visit without a reservation and that's quite a feat for a restaurant in Arizona! 

This concept is fresh and has a very "farm to table" feel to it. Of course it also has a very "Sam Fox" feel it, but that's why the seats are full! The decor reminds me of Restoration Hardware and the food tastes like it's fresh from the garden. 

There are three ways to enjoy The Henry: sit-down dine-in, takeout, coffee bar that allows you to work from your computer while you dine. The foo here is very Sam Fox'esque and you can't go wrong with anything you order. During my visit, I ordered the Warm Salmon salad that came with skuna bay salmon, sweet corn, asparagus, white beans, sun-dried tomatoes & smoked onion vinaigrette. Get it. It was fresh, flavorful and filling. The three f's! I also enjoyed a ginger root drink which was a nice drink to accompany my light meal. I can't wait to visit again soon and try more on their menu.笑
This is my favorite Fox Concept restaurant.  I couldn't believe it.  The place is beautiful and so far the food we have tasted has been amazing.  My husband cannot get enough of the Korean skirt steak.  I took a few bites and I almost wanted to order that.  I rather save my calories for the drinks and dessert.  The Fig and Ginger mule is my favorite, specially when Tanner makes it, although Christina did a really good job also.  I cannot have enough of the Croissant Bread Pudding, it is a diet buster, but so worth it.  Next time I am going to have the salmon appetizer, the person sitting next to us at the bar recommended it highly.  It looked delicious.笑
The wait was twice as long as they said it would be, the ambiance is refined, the drinks were cold and tasty, the appetizers expensive for what they were, the food was good but not great and on the expensive side.  We might try it again just for drinks, but it was not as good as we had expected it to be.笑
Finally! A fox-con that lives up to the hype.

My girlfriend and I came here new year's eve before making our way to a party later in the evening. The Henry is spacious and its classy interior is eclectic without being whimsical.  Our waiter was very knowledgeable and didn't hesitate to recommend only the most expensive items on the menu. So I wouldn't recommend just saying yes to whatever they recommend to drink or you might end up with a $200 bottle of sparkling rose. 

Everything we tried on the limited New Year's Menu was fantastic.  The Cheese popover with the ham butter was unique. I would highly recommend the short rib. It's a true short rib in a delicious bourbon sauce that you can cut with your fork. Try the cauliflower polenta too. It was bright and buttery. 

This place is going to be a mainstay of the area and perhaps the most successful of the Fox concepts in the city.笑
I've been to the Henry twice for my anniversary as well as my birthday brunch, so my expectations were high for these special occassions. =) 

The location is very aestetically pleasing. The outside has some patio seating with some really comfortable outdoor furniture. There is a rather large parking lot for the location and even some space for bicycles in case you bike there from nearby. The decor inside is very well done, gorgeous drapery, lovely tuft couches and very comfortable booths. The colors are blue and earthtones, it feels so welcoming you feel like staying for a while. The kitchen is open, so if you happen to sit near by, you can watch as the dishes are prepared. Note that it does get busy. I am an EARLY bird and have not needed a reservation, however I did notice it get rather full as we ate and there was a wait. 

The Henry has a main restuarant as well as a Cafe in the same building. I have not eaten at the cafe part, but I am sure I will. I did order from the bakery at the Cafe, but I am gettng ahead of myself and will describe the macarons I got later. 

The staff is wonderful. They are attentive, without being intrusive, helpful and happy to help. I like salsa with my eggs at breakfast and they were quick to bring us a very delicious roasted veggie salsa that was just the right amount of smokey, fresh and spicy! The coffee is delish and probably has something to do with the cafe. I usually will have one maybe 2 cups tops and I had 3 both times I went. I've tried the egg white and turkey omelette. The turkey is made in-house fresh roasted and carved, it was so succulent and well seasoned that it made sense to pair it with eggwhites so that the turkey flavors really stand out. It was served with what they calles smashed avocado; it was reminicent of a chunky guacamole with out lime. I thought that was a nice addition to the omelette. My company had the turkey au jus and LOVED IT. the bread was just the right amount of crusty but so soft in the middle to really soak up all the turkey au jus (which was amazing, so savory and such a comfort food taste given that it was turkey, much lighter than you'd get from beef, but still interesting anf a great addition to the sandwich). I also tried the New Yorker, which was GREAT! They make thier own corned beef, so I suggest your try the omelette or the sandwich as its cooked to perfection, not fatty at all and the kind ofitem you'd wish they sold by the pound to take home. 
The portions are generous in my opinion and they are very accomodating with what you'd like and substituing side orders. We tried the grapefruit brulee and it was warm, juicy and the sugar crust cracked with every spoonfu. the caramelized sugar went perfect with the fruit. The desserts were AMAZING, we shared a berry muffin and I could literally smell the butter; it was full of fresh berries as well, so well worth the purchase. I ordered strawberry macarons and they were delightful. The filling was not overly sweet and you could really taste the dab of sweet yet tart strawberries; it really tasted like summer time. My parents tried the bear claw and they highly reccomend it. My mom commented that she was pleasantly surprised by the dash of sea salt carefully dusted over the pastry. While she was not expecting this she mentioned it really added some depth of flavor, brining out the tastes in the the sweet almond filling. 

On a side note, I found the restuarant to be a great place to dine whether you are grabbing a quick bite to eat, are heading out with the family including small children or celebrating a special day with your significant other. I have and will continue to go back.笑
Amazing. Delicious food. Fabulous service! I was visiting family in the west valley but luckily was able to bring them out to the Scottsdale/Camelback area this weekend to sightsee and try this fine dining restaurant. I had never heard of the Fox Restaurant Concepts because I am from the east coast, but I could not help but want to try all of his restaurants to see inside his imaginative mind! First of all, the design--interior/exterior, was amazing! Very modern but also felt homelike with a nice industrial feel but the art was much more old fashioned. The bathrooms were very clean and nice as well as the tables and booths. It was very open and I felt very airy and free in the dining room. What was extremely nice was the fact that the kitchen was ALL open! Customers could watch the cooking and it felt very comfortable knowing that I could see how they prepared each meal. Normally these open kitchen setups would appear loud and obnoxious as a normal kitchen would be but this arrangement didn't seem that way! The people at the table next to us were louder than the kitchen 2 feet away! Next-- the service! It was so pleasant! Our waitress was so sweet and very open to talking about food and the area as well as her home town of New Jersey. All of the waiters/waitress were dressed in the same outfits and it looked very put together and added a nice touch. The manager was very nice as well as the other waitstaff. I definitely had a good experience with the customer service. Lastly, food and pricing. This is definitely a place were one wouldn't go on a regular basis. This is a FINE DINING restaurant so if one comes in expecting a cheap meal this may not be a place for you! But it wasn't unreasonable either. Entrees ranged from 15-25 dollars and sandwiches were anywhere from 10-15 dollars. The food was so appetizing, from presentation to taste Fox really knew how to prepare a meal! I came in very hungry and came out fuller than the moon that night! I recommend this restaurant to anyone if they'd like to a have a great experience in fine dining, fabulous customer service and delicious food!笑
Had a birthday dinner there for a friend. The service was great and the food was tasty. I ordered the cod which was good, we also had the popovers.  I am a huge popover fan and they were good but not great.  Overall, we had great service with good food at a reasonable price for dinner, drinks, apps and dessert.笑
Superb breakfast/brunch spot. I would highly recommend nabbing a reservation in advanced because this place was packed on a Sunday morning! The food was phenomenal and the table side Bloody Mary's were outstanding. Our group had anything from waffles to eggs Benedict and all were prepared to perfection!笑
The taste of the food was the only thing good thing.
And the company.
They sat us outside NOT IN THE SHADE NOT IN THE RANGE OF THE MISTERS.  The waiter took forver to just get us water.  Not to mention taking our order.
A number of other servers went in and out with the other tables ariund us who were in the shade.
This is after bad service from the hostess who ignored us. And scoffed at us when we had mors people than expected and sat a smaller party in a much larger table than they needed.
The drinks took too long to get to us. And our second round of drinks were used in the same glasses as our first and had MORE ICE AND was practically all ice.
 The waiter didn't ask us if we wanted to separate our checks.笑
I will give this restaurant 5 stars because I really did enjoy it. A bit on the pricey side, but it's trendy and more for yuppies. I had a fabulous burger and my cocktail with grapefruit was yummy. Can't quite remember the name of it. I do recommend this place. Oh yes and the Kale Garlic dip was very good.笑
The food, atmosphere, and service is amazing!  Kelly is the best (manager)!  We met family & friends for brunch and had a great time.  I will be returning to try the dinner menu.笑
If you come you may want a reservation even for lunch unless you eat at the bar which we did. You do, however, get great service from nice bartender food and drink were unique but very good!笑
2 of us went there for our anniversary dinner. It is a beautiful restaurant that is located off 44th & Camelback. We made a reservation and I recommend that you make one when you go. 

The food was excellent. Started off with the Brussel sprout Ceasar salad and the short rib potstickers. I would recommend both for starters - they even split our salad into 2 servings for us. I ordered the Korean skirt steak over veggie fried rice and tempura green beans. Server let us know ahead of ordering that it was spicy......it was the best. My husband had the black Thai cod - he liked it but he wished that he ordered my dinner. 

Dessert was OMG delicious - chocolate peanut butter banana cake. I highly recommend this dessert. 

Around $40/per person without alcohol. Their drink menu was diverse & creative. 

LOVE LOVE LOVED this place. 

Can't wait to go back!

Ask for Angela she is the best!!笑
Went to the Henry yesterday.  It was a Saturday and they only offered the brunch menu.  Was very excited to go after reading most reviews and knowing fox usually does a nice job at restaurant concepts.  The location and the building its self was exceptional.  Great decor and ambiance.  That is where the compliments must stop.  The food was sub standard and the service marginal.  When we first arrived, we were invisible.  Bartenders, hostesses, and even managers walked right past us, no eye contact or a hello. When we tried to get a glass of wine from the un-busy bar, the bartenders were to engaged in talking to each other and a group of girls.  Once again totally ignored.  

Now the food.  I have NO idea how anyone could rate the artichoke appetizer anything other than detestable.  It was a boiled, unseasoned artichoke in a bowl.  Has anyone had the artichoke at Houstons or Hillstones? They are fabulous, tasty, grilled, seasoned.  I was embarrassed how this undercooked, boiled, colorless artichoke was sent from the kitchen.  Next disappointment:  was the battered chicken sandwich, the chinese chicken salad the the french dip sandwich.  All the food was almost cafeteria tasting and looking.  I have had tastier chicken sandwiches at Jack in the Box.  the salad was tasteless and dry.  I asked for more dressing and 10 minutes later she arrived with a thimble full of dressing.  The french dip was the most discouraging.  A un-toasted white dry roll, with slivered beef.  So simple to make the bun tasty by grilling it and adding butter.  Once again, since the Henry is trying to have several menu items like Houstons, they need to get it right because the french dip at Houstons is to die for.

I wanted to like this place SO much and it was all miserable except the pretty couches and great decor.  :(笑
The architecture of the restaurant gave a unique feel. The food was unique. I had the mushroom paella and it was loaded w flavors and topped w a bed of kale which was different. Overall, food was good and the service was as well.笑
Currently one of my favorite spots! My food is always amazing and the drinks are great too! I love the decor. My current fav is the Korean style steak. To die for!笑
Great place for Sunday Brunch. Bloody Mary custom  made at your table. I had the cucumber vodka finished with a crisp slice of bacon. Best I've ever had. Service was slow due to crowd. Make reservations and your party will be seated right a way.笑
So... They stop serving breakfast at 10. Sharp! They start lunch at 11. So basically, if you're out driving around and want something to eat at 10:03, you're out of luck here... No questions asked. How do I know? I tried asking if they'd be willing to serve a group of 4 of us that walked in at 10:03 and was met with that cold Scottsdale stare. You know the one I'm talking about. The one that proclaims if you want it your way, go to burger King. Fox is getting too big to keep tight controls on quality of service, and that my friends is sad because I used to love most of his establishments.笑
Fun environment! My favorites are the short rib potstickers and the Korean skirt steak. I wouldn't come for breakfast/ brunch, the selection isn't great.笑
The food here is delicious, the service- ok.  Our waitress was nice enough, not overly friendly but not rude by any means.  

We had the Mediterranean salad, the Chinese chicken salad, the roasted turkey French dip, and the warm croissant bread pudding along with scoops of dark chocolate and salted caramel.  It was all very yummy.  Our favorite was definitely the roasted turkey sandwich, it was so so good.  

Not only did we enjoy the food but we loved the ambiance and the décor.  I loved the café in the entry, much like an upscale starbucks.  I found this restaurant to be quite eclectic and just beautifully done.  The food was the cherry on top!笑
Fox does it again!!!!! So if you are not familiar with Fox Resteraunt Concepts and you live in the "Valley of the Sun" I demand you get with the program. I have been living in Seattle and missed out on the opening of his truely chic  new lil  joint. So after bebopping round the city with my Real Estate Agent (see reviews)  He took me here for lunch. What  a treat. I mean it was lunch and I literally had a salad and a drink, but OMG did I have a great version of an old classic and a delectable drink! So let me start with the decor... This place is drool worthy. Sumptuous robins egg blue leather stools, and mustard gold leather chairs (button tufts... SWOOON). Mixed with restoration hardware style worn bomber leather couch/ banquettes, a good mix of raw wood, open duct work, subway tile, and the Phillip Jefferies Rivet Grass Cloth wall paper.... YASSSSSSSSSSSS! Perfect mix of classic and Industrial. I see you Fox...  I SEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE you!. I swear I wanna marry the mans brain he has created a team of Master Chefs and Designers that cannot be touched... You are all Gods and Goddesses in my eyes... Now the food I had a brussel sprout ceasar with chicken. the brussel sprouts were cooked to perfect and chilled to a crisp, tossed lovingly, at least in my head,  with a cousin to romaine  called lil gem, radicchio and a very classic ceasar dressing. The chicken on that although grilled tasted almost like it had been smoked over wood so whatever you did there was just brilliant with the brussels. I immediately gravitated to the orange hibiscus cooler for a drink... I mean I am a sucker for hibiscus, but there was no room for disappointment... I literally asked for a to go cup... and I do not know who this Hank who creates this is, but he is a GOD too. I cant wait to come back and test out an espresso from what looked to be the Bentley of Coffee Machines. My agent had a Seared Ahi salad, and although I cannot attest to the taste, I can tell you it looked like was cooked exactly how Ahi should be...  I LOVE YOU FOX RC!!!!!!!笑
I came to a baby shower hosted at the henry over the weekend. The place was easy to find and there was ample parking. The space reserved for us was private and the decor was absolutely charming. There were small food offerings which were all pretty decent, and we even had a private bartender. I would probably come back to try this place out for a real meal; it certainly seems like it would deliver.笑
The Henry exceeded all of my hopes and dreams.... oh, the cheddar popovers... and the caulflower polenta... I salivate just remembering the delectable flavors.  The best haricot vert (green beans) you'll ever have.  Nevermind the secret ingredient is butter.  It's amazing. You'll eat all your veggies here without a complaint.  Did I mention that the cheddar popovers come with ham butter?   It tastes like ham, melted into butter.  Really, it does. How does that even happen? 

I had a prime rib special. Not on the menu, and you are missing out.  The portion of meat was huge (14 oz, I think!) and it was cooked to perfection, served with aux jus. It was some of the best meat I think I've ever had at a restaurant.   My boyfriend had the short rib, which either tied for deliciousness or came in a close, close, close second by a hair. 

The prices are reasonable for the fantastic quality of food (plates $18 - 25 for the most part) and entrees include sides.  There is a good selection of interesting cocktails to choose from. I tried their version of the Moscow Mule with a twist.  It was great!  Drinks are a little pricey so check the drink lists before you order.  Waiters tried to upsell us on a bottle of wine that was $180.  Luckily, we checked the menu first! 

The ambiance is nice - it's spacious, light and open yet the volume is comfortable and setting intimate for a nice date night out on the town.  There is a huge patio, which I'll be excited to check out soon. I love the casual furniture that makes it feel warm, welcoming & casual if you are just going for drinks and to lounge with friends for happy hour. 

I can't wait to go back and explore the menu, so happy that this restaurant is in my Arcadia neighborhood.   Hold onto your hat Chelsea's Kitchen and LGO - the Henry is in town!!  This is the first Fox Concepts restaurant that I have given 5 stars to and will wholeheartedly recommend to anyone who asks.  Go forth and enjoy!!!笑
The food is ok, but somehow I keep finding myself here because of the atmosphere and vibe. The coffee isn't that great the food isn't that creative. Great place to have meeting, get work done, have lunch and dinner.笑
I visited this establishment on a Sunday afternoon. Very spacious! Apparently, they are open for breakfast, lunch, and dinner. I did all I could to keep from purchasing a Danish! I love the large tables... Promotes socialization. I waited over ten minutes (in the lounge area) before I decided to flag down someone to take my drink order.  Which was the only one I got because waiter never came back to check on me.  I stopped another waitress to request my check. The original waiter brought it to me... Nothing said.笑
Such a legitimately cool concept. 

Came here lastnight to check this spot out, hangout, and maybe try the coffee. Totally worth it. It's ultra-loungy, super chic & very diverse. I love the living-room style setup with the couches and chairs. Great place to study, relax, have dinner, or stop in for a martini. 

I ordered the avocado toast and a vanilla latte. The latte was pretty average (eh), on the other hand, the toast was phenomenal.笑
Great place, good food! Got here around noon on a Saturday, it was a 1/2 hr wait to sit inside (we wanted to sit inside because it was cool in AZ) but there was no wait sitting out on the patio. Well we were hungry, so outside it was! About 10 mins later, we were sat. Luckily we were sat next to a heater. Really thought there would be a long wait for the food, because drinks were a bit
Of a wait, but food came out shortly afterwards. Service was great, food was good, all in all, a good time!笑
The Henry is my go to spot after hiking Camelback Mountain. The coffee, pastries and cold pressed juices are so delicious! They also serve awesome breakfast. Anytime in around the Henry I'll usually stop by for at least a coffee笑
I came here tonight to celebrate a good friends birthday. We were seated promptly (but I think she had called in advance to reserve a table). Once seated it took awhile to get water or start our orders. 
The food here was tasty! I ordered the buttermilk fried chicken sandwich, which came with fries, and upgraded to truffle fries. The fries were delicious! Note that although on the menu it states that the sandwich comes with havarti it ALSO comes with american cheese. I returned my sandwich upon arrival because I don't really care for american cheese ( the manager had told me after my switch that the menu does NOT list all the items that may be included on the entree....too bad) This wasn't a major event, however because I needed a new entree, most of the rest of the table was completely finished with their meals and waiting to order dessert. When the new sandwich came out, they included the kale apple salad and that was very light and refreshing. 
To drink I had the chai lime ginger beer and that was amazing! It tasted like Christmas in a cup-- you must try it!
For dessert I had a few bites of the croissant bread pudding. It had rum (or whiskey?) soaked raisins and caramel ice cream--very very delicious and decadent. 
Our server was very pleasant and friendly. The manager was nice, but I wasn't too thrilled that when I had pointed out that the menu just lists havarti and not american cheese, she checked to menu to see if I was right.
It's VERY loud here, I had read that in other reviews, but they aren't kidding! Be sure you don't really want to "catch up" with someone if meeting them here!笑
My husband and I went here last night for the first time with our 2 kids (age 4 and 6) and my parents for their anniversary. We love all the Fox restaurants and this one did not disappoint! 
My girls and I can't have gluten so I called she ahead to see if the kids Mac n cheese could be made gluten free and is the short ribs was. I was told the short ribs were gluten free but they had no gluten free pasta. The manager got on the phone and I asked if he could get GF pasta if I made a reservation this weekend. He said no problem, he would stop at the store on his way in on Saturday. 
When we arrived we all loved the atmosphere of the place. There was lots of outdoor seating and the inside was beautiful. It reminded me of Chelsea's but much larger, brighter and not as loud. They didn't offer any crayons for the kids but I always bring my own. We just asked our server for paper and the kids were happy. We ordered the Parmesan fries which were delicious. The kale salad was fantastic! The cheddar vinaigrette was delicious. The short ribs did not disappoint! They were tender and cooked to perfection on top of mashed potatoes. My dad ordered the steak sandwich and he loved it. My girls loved their homemade mac n cheese and our reservation was already noted to use GF pasta.  It came with broccolini or fruit. My kids got the broccolini and loved it. 

Dessert was delicious. My husband had the key lime torte which was gluten free so I had some. It was excellent. The salted caramel ice cream my 4 year old ordered was to die for! My parents enjoyed their bread pudding. Overall this place was really great! The manager checked in with us and remembered our conversation 3 days prior about gluten. I will definitely be coming back to this place! It's a great place for date night or to go with friends. Taking kids isn't bad either. We sat in a booth which kept them contained.笑
First time and really like the energy of this restaurant.  The concept of coffee house in the morning and then opening the dinning room for lunch and dinner is a unique concept.  I had the Chicken Chinese Salad and was very satisfied with appearance and flavor of this salad.  I will defiantly be back.笑
Stopped in for lunch and ordered the Turkey French Dip with a side salad. It was tender and perfectly prepared with bread that must have just been made. The place is enormous but the staff makes it feel small. Grab a good cup of coffee from the bakery on your way out. You won't be disappointed.笑
I was extremely impressed with this place. I met a friend here for brunch and I was very surprised with how great this restaurant looked inside as well as how delicious the food was. This was my first trip here and it took me a few minutes to figure out how we were to be seated. I was expecting a host/hostess to seat us but when I looked around I didn't see anyone. There was a counter off to the side where everyone orders from. After your order and pay, you take your number and seat yourself. 

I ordered a quinoa breakfast burrito which had organic eggs, quinoa, black beans, roasted corn, pasilla chile, avocado and pepperjack cheese wrapped into a tortilla.   It was so yummy. I ordered an iced coffee that was good. My daughter had a blueberry muffin, a side of scrambled eggs and freshly squeezed orange juice. 

This is a great place for meeting clients, friends and even to just work alone. They have a room off to the side with large tables where everyone seemed to be working in their laptops. Very cool!! I will be returning!!笑
I've been to this establishment a few times and all has gone well. The food is great and the service is pretty good. it is a little on the expensive side for food that is no better than Matts Big Breakfast downtown Phoenix... anyways when I went to the Henry on Mother's Day, they told me they were not excepting walks Ins. I was speaking with a hostess and then the manager just jumps in and says "well if you want to wait it would be a 3 hour wait"... a 3 hour wait wow.. I was a little taken back.. I was with my wife, my mother, my grandmother and my children.. I wasn't going to have them wait for 3 hours.. manager lady said she would see what she could do about accommodating us and asked to give her a few minutes. I said ok. I gave her 15 minutes. I went back inside and she said she needed more time to even see if she could seat us an hour later.. At that point I had had enough and took my family to the cheese cake factory where we were seated in 10 minutes...笑
The Henry is a wonderful place! It feels fancy and upscale without being stuffy. It's a perfect place for date night, meeting with girlfriends, a work lunch/chat. I loved the design and atmosphere of the place.The menu has vegetarian and gluten-free options, and has interesting healthy options. My favorite item was the brown butter salted caramel roll, which is like a normal cinnamon roll but way better.笑
Love love love this place! Great for brunch/lunch, they have amazing bloody Mary's and great food. Today I had the French toast which was spectacular, but usually I go with my usual which is the turkey French dip....by far one of the best French dips I've had! The food is always consistent and really yummy. In addition, they have great service and great prices. Love the atmosphere and a good place to grab lunch with a friend.笑
We had a large party sitting outside - maybe that was the issue. But the fish was cold, the salad was warm, the minestrone soup was not only cold but mushy and burnt (like it gets when you scrape it up from the bottom of the pot after it's been sitting too long). Three of our party didn't get their food until everyone else was not only completely finished not only with their entrees but also their 2nd cocktails or coffees. Some things were comped but overall mediocre, overpriced (salmon salad, soup and 3 glasses of wine were almost $70 before tip). The wine was passable but nothing special. Nice ambiance but disappointing. Skip it or maybe try it for lunch when they are not busy. And give yourself plenty of time to find a place to park. The place was - unaccountably, based on our experience - busy. Just another trendy Scottsdale watering hole.笑
Great menu along with service! Make sure to call ahead to book a reservation. One of my most favorite spots!笑
By far my favorite restaurant in Phoenix. I moved from Chicago last December (where i appreciate good food). There food is absolutely the best. My favorite meal is the Braised Short Rib that has bourbon caramel, roasted mushrooms, fourme dambert & smashed potatoes!!! I'm telling you ...you have to go. If you are in the downtown area you should try one of their sister restaurants....The Arrogant Butcher!笑
What a cool place. Good service and good food. We had the quacamole for app, good but I felt the oranges in it was a mistake, took away from the avocado flavor. Wife had kale salad was good. I had the vegetarian tacos but then oddly enough the server upsold me on adding chicken but it didn't need it. They were very accommodating. Desert was excellent, had I've cream and they even combined scoops for me with two flavors. 

I'm looking forward to going back for coffee and also just a drink. Seems like a cool atmosphere for just hanging out. Might be a 5*,will see next time.笑
A little loud for conversation. Seth, our server, was friendly, available, and professional. 
Family of 6 adults out. We had the pork chop, rotisserie chicken, Korean skirt steak, and short ribs. All pleasing, savory food. Portions satisfying. They were out of the bread pudding desert . Will be back.笑
Yea! This place is very Scottsdale but I've loved everything on the menu I've tried salads sandwhiches and the coffee. The pastries look delicious笑
The Henry is one of those places where the food isn't absolutely amazing, and can be on the pricier side, but somehow I keep coming back. The service is great, and the decor of this place is beautiful. It has that modern rustic feel to it. This restaurant is definitely perfect for brunches,  dates or dinner with the girlfriends.

I always start with the white truffle parmesan fries which is delicious. I've had the roasted chicken on their dinner menu which is good, but not amazing. All the salads are pretty good too, so are the cocktails. I am a bigger fan of their brunch menu on the weekends. I absolutely LOVE the spicy sausage scramble. The sausage and the zucchini and everything else they put in it just mixes well together. I took it home because it was a pretty big serving and it still tasted good as a left over. 

On the other side of the restaurant is the coffee area. You can't go wrong with their coffee either!笑
I knocked a star off for the noise level. The food was fantastic and the service was great. Looked like a hot spot for young people.笑
It brings me joy. Oh wait that's the opening for a different review.... Ehem. (Clears throat)

It brings me great indifference. 
"What does?" You may ask yourself. 
This place. I swear I was kidnapped and transported right into a Polo catalogue. It's got a cool layout and the patio is nice with a pretty great view. 
The yelp said it was $$ and the menu actually says it's $$$. Which is fine. Well, by fine I mean money is worth spending on goods and services that have an equal and fair market value. Half a butterflied chicken breast an two 4oz sides should not equal $18. 

If you go here and you like artichokes. They have grilled ones. If you don't get them. You will feel like you are missing something.. Like how it feels when you lose your keys.  They were perfection on a plate. I would go back for these. 

I ordered dessert. The menu said chocolate cake!! What! Who tha! Yes come to pappa. 
When the cake was delivered it was shoved in a small mason jar thingy. Ok cool, be hip and innovative and all that but what happened to being amazing first, like pre innovation? Chocolate cake. Bake the thing and slice it, then put a slice on my plate. If you do simple amazing it doesn't seem so simple. 

Overall the experience was a welcome one. Ohhhh wait. Let me back that thing up. So it was not busy, yet from the moment of inception till the moment of completion took almost two hours. 30 mins of that was spent waiting for the check. 
Ehhhh to sum this up- "meh"

And I'm out! 
Signed
The Sarcastic Truth Villain...笑
Amazing!  We went on a Monday for lunch without a reservation.  We decided not to wait 30 minutes for a table and placed our order at the bar.  

Orange hibiscus soda - light, tangy, and refreshing.  

Brie toast - great! The pairing of the Brie, pears and pomegranate seeds was perfection.

Popovers - light, fluffy, crispy. I preferred the herb butter (to the ham butter)

Chicken (main dish) with brussel sprouts and macaroni & cheese - the chicken was crispy, and a little dry.  The sides made up for it. The brussel sprouts were amazing. I might try to order several side orders the next trip. The Mac & cheese was deliciously creamy. 

I can't wait to go back and try more of the menu.笑
Yes Yes Yes! Everything about this place is fabulous! 
The vibe, the food, the drinks. It's all top 5.
I've been here for Breakfast, Brunch and Lunch and if I lived in the Phoenix, Scottsdale area I would practically live here in the mornings and on weekends. 
You can really tell they put TLC into their food.
The only little tiny flaw is their service. All sweet people but quite slow.
I say it's worth the snail pace. What's the rush anyways!?
xoxo笑
Every time we dine here, the waiters are outstanding. Kind, energetic, personable and overall great. Thank you for memorable dining experiences.笑
What an amazing dinner experience! I was excited by just the look of the restaurant, but didn't have the highest of hopes for the service or the food, as FRC restaurants are typically overpriced and hit or miss. I am pleased to report that The Henry exceeded my expectations on every level. 

First off, Seth is the best server ever. Seriously, like EVER. It was my first time at The Henry and everything he recommended was pure gold. I started off with the fig and ginger mule. This is HANDS DOWN the BEST cocktail I have ever put in my mouth. For appetizers, we had the Brie toast and the popovers with ham butter and herb butter. The Brie was served on toasted, smokey bread with pears, hazelnuts, arugula, and pomegranate and it was amazing. The popovers were okay - maybe not as good as the popovers at BLT Steak, but the ham butter was really what made them stand out. 

For dinner I had the Korean skirt steak. It wasn't my first choice but Seth recommended and I went with it. I was skeptical because I'm Korean, and frankly, Korean food in Arizona just isn't that good. The skirt steak was being served over fried rice - which caused me to make a face, but Seth PROMISED it was good, and it really, really was. 

In fact, I had an "Anton Ego Eats Ratatouille" moment. It wasn't that the dish was the best I had ever had, but it tasted like something my grandmother would have made. Tomorrow, my grandmother would have been 95 years old and every bite of the fried rice on my plate just took me back to a childhood filled with dolsot bibimbap and kalbi. Frankly, the only thing missing was the kimchee, and I was tempted to run into the kitchen to see whose Korean grandmother they had hidden away back there. 

After an incredible meal, I was talked into a croissant bread pudding laced with rum soaked raisins and warm deliciousness. It was the perfect end to a perfect meal, and a meal I would repeat again and again.笑
The Henry does it right!  I have been several times and I have always had a great experience!  The staff is on top of their game and has provided me with top notch service every time I have been here.  The food is excellent - the pork chop is probably one of the best that I have had.  Prices are reasonable for the quality of food that you're served.  The ambiance in the restaurant is nice.  I highly recommend this spot!笑
The Henry ROCKS! Great meal & Great Service. Our bartender Angelina had impeccable timing, humor and suggestions. Loved the experience here.笑
I was heartbroken when Sam Fox closed Bloom in North Scottsdale.  Of all of his restaurants, the Henry is my favorite.  Now that he shuttered his steakhouse, the Henry stands alone as the most upscale of the offerings.  This makes sense as it is right next to the corporate headquarters of course.  The people who dine here are very pretty.  Stepford wife pretty.  Be forewarned.  The bar offers a wonderful list of cocktails heavy on the classics and a lot of wonderful bourbon offerings for which I have a definite weakness for.  The salads will be familiar (you can similar versions at Arrogant Butcher or Culinary Dropout), but the entrees are much more refined.  I had the branzino, which next to the branzino offering at Virtu, is one of the best I've ever found in Arizona.  Do not miss dessert, croissant bread pudding handily eclipsing the version that I used to crave weekly at Sierra Bonita.  So brave the Stepford Wives and head out.  (The acoustics could use some work, during lunch or crowded hh's you do have to shout a bit).  The service however is exquisite.  Attentive without being intrusive.  If nothing else, the Sam Fox guys need to teach a course on how to train servers for other restaurants to emulate.笑
Amazing food,  great service. We come here regularly on weekends for breakfast! I personally recommend the chicken fried chicken,  and then a 'Go North' (coffee) to go!笑
It's been a little while since I've eaten hear but the food is excellent.  It gets a little noisy if they seat you by the bar area so I recommend getting seating away from the bar.  Overall, service is good and the food is great!笑
Loved this brunch. Our group had a 10am reservation and there were plenty of tables available. When we left after 11am the Henry had no available tables and people waiting.

Everyone we encountered, from our waitress to the bloody mary cart guy, was so nice and accommodating. 

I ordered the popovers and the salmon appetizer on hash browns. Share the popovers with other people! All I needed was one but I managed to eat 1.5 :) 

My only complaint about brunch was the salmon appetizer was very salty. If they did with a little less added salt I think the meal would have been perfect.笑
This place hits the spot every time! The food is delicious, the environment is awesome  and service are on par with other Fox Concept restaurants.笑
I had a great time dining at The Henry. The place is huge, and the decor is interesting and beautiful. We sat in the patio during this perfect time of the year. 

We had the meatball soup and kale and garlic dip. The soup was very good, and the dip had an overpowering lemon taste, which I was not a fan of. As an entree, my boyfriend and I had the Korean Skirt Steak and the Short Rib. The Korean Skirt Steak was delicious, and it comes with rice that's a bit spicy but very good.

Overall, it was a great dining experience.笑
Not up to standards for a Fox Resturant. Service was slow (waited 45 minutes) and the New York Steak so overdone the manager comped the meal. Took some of the sting out but not excusable for a $47.00 steak. We drove an hour to get there for our special  that was shot. They were not busy on a Sunday night.
  Back to The Green House!  The Best!笑
I've come for breakfast, lunch, and coffee, and every time, I've been impressed. Service is always exceptional, and the food and coffee is what you expect from a Fox Restaurant. I would argue that The Henry is their best venture -- the space is unique and the menu is right on par with that.

Also, the test kitchen is an amazing place to eat a meal if you ever get a chance. You're behind the kitchen and you get a semi-private room thats in the middle of the kitchen action -- something i found really intriguing while waiting. That room is where they test all the recipes for their restaurants, according to our server. We were able to snag it on Father's Day with a large group reservation.笑
We went in to celebrate my daughters 21st birthday.  We were a party of 11, and even with our large group the service was friendly and fun.
Food was great- the short ribs were a huge hit. 
They made the night special!笑
I always love the coffee and atmosphere here! I got hooked on The Cleo, a latte with espresso, almond milk, and hazelnut. I've always gotten it got because I love hot drinks, but they do offer it cold as well. It is so delicious. It is he perfect balance of espresso taste and sweet hazelnut. I love it, and I'm sure I will be back!笑
Henry, you hit it out of the park today!!!  Great service, good company, and fantastic salmon over hash browns. As always, the coffee was wonderful and the popovers sublime!  The meal made my day and, combined with an uber-short wait, it earned the coveted 5 stars!笑
I had a high hopes as I had been told how great this place was... To say I was greatly disappointed would be an understatement. The popovers were barely palatable. I ordered the Porkchop and well the flavor was good the meet was one of the toughest I can remember ever eating. My friend commented that it looked like I was getting a workout just chewing my food, and that's how it felt. I will say that the bread pudding was amazing. Had it not been for that it would've been a total bust.The other people at my table both had the roast chicken and it was a sad looking plate and neither of them thought it was anywhere close to as good as a Costco rotisserie chicken tastes. With tip and drinks and two desserts the three of us spent $180 on a below average meal. We were scouting out a place to have our office Christmas party, suffice it to say we will not be holding it there.笑
Had brunch with my boyfriend on Sunday, we sat at the bar to avoid the wait. The bartenders were very friendly & helped make suggestions. Thought there would be more brunch options but the food was good!笑
(We visited 2 FRC restaurants during our visit to AZ :P)
We came here for NYE. They were booked full, but plenty of bar/lounge seating, with also the cafe-side open. Amazing atmosphere and decoration. 

The food and drinks were also delicious, love the cod! The menu was special NYE, so maybe more limited or different from regular menu. We stayed here for hours (first for drinks then for food), it was also big enough that it was not too loud for conversation. 

The service was also excellent--at first I thought sitting at the cafe-side (not the major dinner area nor bar) we would get neglected as many restaurants tend to. But our servers were very attentive and walked by frequently. The restaurant wasn't entirely full (at least the cafe-lounge side?) the whole night, so highly recommended!笑
The Henry is a classy, unique, up-scale restaurant that makes Phoenix a better place. The general atmosphere is relaxed and personal. The staff is fantastic and very professional while the food is high quality. Katherine, a waitress, was simply a gem while serving our entire party, making this a joyful experience. On top of having great quality, reasonably-priced food, The Henry also offers an excellent selection of coffee drinks-the Wildflower and Gibraltar are especially good. Bustin a fat vibe at the Henry is always an A1 option.笑
What a great restaurant in the heart of Arcadia. 
My favorites are the hamburger, breakfast burrito and the short ribs. 
Another stellar Sam Fox restaurant. Fresh yummy food!!!!笑
Today we ate here with our extended family and it was the first time for all of us. We did have a disappointment as we were planning to have brunch........it was 11:15 AM and we were told by the person who took  our reservations on Friday that the normal Sunday brunch would run on Memorial Day.  Well unfortunately this was incorrect. We only came because of this promise.

Our server did offer some simple breakfast options but unfortunately none were what we wanted. We all ordered lunch. The food was good; we all ordered something different: pastrami sandwich, Asian chicken sandwich, Cobb salad, pasta with bolganse sauce and a hamburger. One of the orders was incorrect and I do appreciate how quickly it was addressed; even the manager apologized. They covered the order that was wrong. I really appreciate restaurants that care for their customers and The Henry did just this. 

I liked my latte and the coffee is delicious. I do feel our server was good and it wasn't her fault that the person taking our reservation gave us wrong information. 

If we come back we will come earlier to have breakfast/brunch.笑
The Henry is beautiful.  I sat at the bar for mules and apps, but had a nice view of the open kitchen to watch the buzz.  Everything we ordered was incredible, though fairly small portions.  I would recommend saving The Henry for special occasions since it's a little pricey.  The decor is very modern with a clean feel, very inviting and relaxing.笑
Fun, wide open space.  Courteous service.  The chopped turkey salad was delicious.  Lots of flavor.  The poppy seeds actually contributed to the deliciousness.  The tortilla soup had a nice flavor, but it was missing tortillas.笑
Come to the Henry for a good solid meal.   First,  love the ambiance here, there are tables outside for 'in the country'  dining when it's triple digits out and if you'd rather go indoors, there's comfy wood environment inside, nicely cooled, warm woods everywhere.   The wait staff is focused.   The crowd:  the pretty people of Phoenix out for a meal.  You can tell the Henry makes money on drinks here, yet the bartender didn't have Aperol or cassis.  No biggie  I moved on to other drinks. 

Dinner

Salmon Toast-- on a nicely chewy toast, arugula/cheese (not a fan of dairy with seafood), I should have asked beforehand but the dish was good. 

Pork Chops, cauliflower mash, wine reduction.  I was craving a nice Pork Chop and this dish was superb,  coddled with a scrummy cauliflower mash and a wine reduction, I almost finished the entire thing, it was so good.  I expected a nicely made pork chop and I got it. 

Bread pudding,  Salt Caramel Ice Cream-  Well made, the golden raisins made the difference and the croissant pudding was 2die4.  Needed it to be a lot warmer but still it was good.

Very nice dinner service, a smidge dressy for a very casual city.  Kitchen staff is very serious but I think it's because the resto is meant to be that, high service level to a dressed up crowd.  Twas a good experience, coming back.

Visits:  1

Tip:  Menu is straightforward.  Dishes tend to be larger.  If and your mate come, it's very doable to  order, eat half and swap plates:  then you get to try 2 dishes, or 4, or 6 depending on how many courses both of you partake.笑
Absolutely gorgeous interior with a Southern plantation feel. I love a menu that accommodates foodie adventurers and more conservative eaters. Seafood options, ridiculously delicious looking burgers that are practical to eat (not so big around that a normal sized person can't bite into it), and decent salad options for someone trying to eat relatively light.  That being said- anyone who goes to The Henry and doesn't get the truffle oil fries is missing the boat. I'm actually dreaming about them as I write this.  For the folks who prefer to drink their calories, no shortage of options here either. Great cocktail menu, wide selection of carefully chosen beers and a wide selection of wines. This place is the perfect happy hour spot. BONUS- the interior is acoustically pleasing as well. No straining to hear the person across the table from you. It was so inviting for conversation that we actually met and shared an appetizer with the two wonderfully witty gentlemen that sat down next to us. NICE!笑
I visited the Henry for the second time with a bunch of friends. The cocktails were fresh,inspired and delicious.  I think I loved the Vodka and pulp and the Clubhouse margarita 
When you first walk into The Henry you feel like you've been transported to a different time it's a classy place but you feel 
Ike you are visiting a rich, old friend at the same time. We first sat on comfy sofas to enjoy our cocktails then went outside can you have the rest of our meal.I was with a group of very loud gals and no one complaint which was really nice. I enjoyed soup of the day a corn chowder that was warm, smoky and yummy.The Thai peanut black cod was extraordinary.  Sadly we did not have dessert but for the next time I plan on enjoying more dessert and fewer cocktails. Save your pennies for this place but it's worth using those Fox gift cards for.笑
Like many of the other reviews the food was mediocre. We ordered the salmon on top of quinoa and roasted chicken with creamed corn and kale and apple slaw. The salmon and chicken were dry. The parmesan truffle fries appetizer was the best part of the meal.

Upon arrival we waited about an hour for our table. Our waitress was very short with us, but the manager was very professional and kind. 

The stars goes to the actual building. No doubt, the restaurant looks very nice outside and in. There was plenty of parking. And indoor and outdoor dining.笑
Okay, this is a great new place.  Has the Hillstone vibe.  Beautiful furnishings, incredible staff.  Really, I mean incredible.  Our waitress was phenomenal, and one of the guys (A.J.) was extremely friendly, and knowledgeable.  There was also a guy named Doug that was very friendly and stopped by to say hi.

The pros:

1.  Really nice ambiance (great place to take your clients)

2.  Great staff (knowledgeable, energetic, and very friendly)

3.  Really good food 

4.  Fair and honest drinks ( a tad pricy mind you, but that is par for the course at a nice restaurant).

The one thing you CANNOT GO WRONG ON is the artichoke appetizer.  I am not lying when I say that is the BEST I HAVE EVER HAD, and I doubt anyone can top it.  It comes with an amazing cream sauce, and will BLOW YOUR MIND!!!

The cons

1.  Parking isn't the best, but okay.

2.  Main courses (limited selections (which I often think is a good thing, but compared to Hillstone - my caddilac of restaurants, it doesn't compare.

3.  I would not waste $28 bucks on the short ribs (which is what I ordered) - you get like two ribs and one was basically all fat - horrible value for the money).  

4.  I can'e be much more positive over what my wife ordered (the Chevy Chase steak sandwich), which was just okay and not worth advocating for (I n fact, I wish I could have charged it to the Underhills bill if you know what I mean)!! Maybe that's how they named it?   Hahahaha

5.  Sam Fox, the owner, was present, but he did not come by to say hi.  If it were me, I would take an hour and make the rounds.  

All in all, it is a good place, I will go back to sit at the bar, sip a nice wine, beer or cocktail, and order the artichoke appetizer.  To me, that's where it's at.  I will still take my best guests and business clients to Hillstone.

Have fun, and find your sizzle!

Attorney Steve, the business and real estate lawyer.
http://www.attorneysteve.net笑
Quite possibly the worst breakfast set up on Camelback, if you could call it breakfast. Shuttled around like cattle trying to find a seat. Waiting in a long line only to be told there is no more breakfast and you can't order lunch! But we were offered pastries. Don't advertise breakfast if you don't have it. Won't be back笑
I love The Henry. I have been here multiple times for lunch and dinner, and I'm never disappointed. The most recent time, we ordered the popovers which is essentially this very light and airy biscuit. It comes with two butters, one of which was HAM BUTTER! Don't knock it till you try it guys, because it is absolutely delicious! For entrees, I ordered the branzino, my absolute favorite type of fish, and it was so good! Comes with a side of vegetables, everything seasoned and cooked to perfection. I highly recommend it. My boyfriend ordered the short ribs, which were delicious as well. Forget the knife! You won't need it, it is that tender!

We decided to opt out of dessert. But trust me, we were very tempted. The only downfall I would say are the portion sizes, for me, they are large enough to be content, but my boyfriend was still hungry by the time we left.

The decor is beautiful. There is a patio that is fully heated which is where we sat, since there was no wait. It was so pleasant! Perfect temp and lighting. Indoor seating is also a great choice. There is a bar and even a coffee shop on the side if that is your fancy! Love this place, I highly recommend it.笑
I heard a commercial for this place after I had driven by it so we decided to try it. After sitting at the bar for 10 minutes without being acknowledged we left.  Won't be back.笑
Enjoyed a wonderful breakfast here today. The atmosphere is really great and the food was amazing. Definitely coming back!笑
Love this place!!!  The service and the food and the drinks are top notch!  The Fig & Ginger mule is one of my favorites, with Spring 44 Vodka, figenza fig, lime, pomegranate and ginger beer!!!  The food is just as great too with many choices.笑
Very nice room. Food was tasty. Definitely a perk for those who live in the neighborhood.笑
Service was scarce even though I saw a number of servers running around. Waited 15+ minutes for our second drink and when another waiter brought it out he didn't even pick up our empty classes. At 20+ dollars a round of drinks I expect more quality service. It was a beautiful day and we would probably have stairs for a few more but the wait and lack of service we moved in to the next watering hole. Sorry Henery we won't be back there s just to many other great places with impeccable service that will get our hard earned dollars.笑
The general manager is a very pleasant person and runs an excellent operation, we recognized her from Blancos as I believe she was the GM there.  The food at the Henry is excellent, the atmosphere is classic, quaint, and the service is top notch!!  I do appreciate the Fox restaurants concepts they are all excellent.笑
We came for dinner on a Sunday night and had a delicious meal. There's also a coffee bar when you first walk in which faces into the restaurant. The potstickers and artichoke toast are must must haves!!笑
If you haven't been to the Henry yet, you need to go. 

This is my favorite Sunday brunch spot. They have a great lunch and dinner menu too. 

I typically get lox and bagels or 2 egg breakfast. The Go North is the best coffee drink I've ever had. 

The atmosphere is very comfortable, open and the energy of this place is always buzzing. Usually there is a 20 minute wait without a reservation but they typically have open seating at the bar and couches up front. 

They have a really nice Bloody Mary cart on the weekend too.笑
Delicious! Had the kale & garlic dip, kale salad and the cod. All simply wonderful. Ask for Craig! He was super attentive and genuine! I will return!笑
The Henry is one of my favorite places to visit.  For the host to the management, the staff makes an effort to learn your name and great you by it every time (even if you're not sitting in there section that visit).  The atmosphere is so relaxing especially on the weekend when they have live music and the bloody Mary cart.  I love to go Saturday morning to kick off my weekend and after my meal just sit and plan out my errands for the rest of the day.  My current favorite item to eat is the quinoa breakfast burrito with bacon added.  It's a lot of food too so a nice dish to share with someone.  I usually can only eat half but that's ok with me; leftovers yes!  
The only not positive thing, is that it's so popular parking can get a bit hard to come by.
For lunch or dinner I recommend reservations which is easily to do through Yelp if you are set up on open table.  If you don't see the time you want available just go anyway and they work hard to find you table without much of a wait as well.笑
I love this place! We tend to stop here after work for happy hour and enjoy their delicious guac and chips along with some delicious cocktails. The service is wonderful and the atmosphere is very cool.笑
First time visit. This was a great place! Came for dinner. We ordered the Kale and Garlic Dip to start. Had lots of potential. But was REALLY salty. Now for the good stuff. My wife ordered the heirloom tacos (added shrimp). YUM. I ordered the Steak sandwich. Superb! The meat was super tender. And the flavor was perfect. And the ambience in this place was top notch. A solid 4 star find!笑
Went for breakfast today since the Henry is just down the street.  It is in a great location and the atmosphere is nice and service was good.  I came here hoping to find a good breakfast spot but was very disappointed. I ordered the spicy sausage scramble and what I received was different from the menu description.  The menu says that the scramble comes with Zucchini, spinach and onions.  Mine came with these but they also added snap peas, asparagus and corn.  I don't really like snap peas and the corn took away from the flavor of the dish.  I would not have order it had I known that they weren't going to follow the menu.   

I asked the waitress about it and she said they don't put all of their ingredients on the menu.  I find that hard to believe since corn, snap peas and asparagus are listed on the other dishes. 

Looks like I will have to keep looking for a new breakfast spot.  Hope Matt's big breakfast opens soon.笑
Absolutely love this restaurant. We had our first experience here about 3 weeks ago and our server was Dana. She had so much personality and love for her job that she made me want to return. This is nice e my second visit and my server was Patrick. Definitely would ask to be seated in his section my next time around. This seemed like his "in between" job. He seemed so unhappy to be a server and it showed throughout the evening.笑
Very good Saturday brunch. Carrot cake pancakes? Yes please...so tasty. Great service...not too long of a wait...interesting stuff to look at and people watch...so don't really notice. Drip coffee is great.笑
OY!  My mother would turn over in her grave!  Not because of anything bad but because The Henry's matzo ball soup is almost as good as hers!  And here we are at a trendy Arcadia restaurant.  Well,  mom, its true!  What a great place.  My head ached from turning around so much to look at everthing.  Amazing decor, something for everybody.  Whether you want a full breakfast, lunch or dinner, sit up at the bar, grab a danish & coffee, eat on the patio, or do business in the rooms set up for business and WIFI.  Our waitress, Dana, was helpful and guided us through our first visit (and it won't be the last).  Our Bloody Mary's were good and I had the matzo ball soup with the brussel sprout salad.  Perfect lunch before a movie.  But he best was the Prairie Breeze Popovers.  OMG.  They melted in our mouths.  I didn't partake of the dessert however, my friends had the bread pudding and said it was wonderful.  I held off on my 5th star for when I go to order a full meal.  And kudos to the ample parking lot.  Not usually available in that area.  Thanks again Dana.笑
The Henry is a gorgeous place to grab a bite.  Everything we ordered was tasty and fresh.  Service was fast a friendly. A+笑
The place is hip (yikes!) and definitely fun, however the prices are a bit much for the entrees and the cocktails. Four cocktails for $57 (wth tax and tip) is a bit too much for my blood.

The service was very, very good however some of the apps were a little small for $12. Smoked salmon was an inch and half wide 4 pieces on toast. 

The cheddar popovers weren't as good as everyone claimed - they were dry and overbaked - too dark. 

The kale and spinach dip was okay but not flavorful enough for all the pita bread and crackers served with it.

The roasted brussel sprouts ceasar was okay - the brussel sprouts needed more heat - they were too raw and although the dressing was good the whole thing felt dry because of the finely powdered parmesan sprinkled all over.

The truffle fries was one of the best tasting apps we had (fries could have been a bit crispier) but $10 for a bowl of fries dusted with parmesan, really?

The short rib potstickers were the best app of all with regards to flavor.

We had breakfast here a few weeks ago and they were nice enough to split the entree onto two plates. It was very good.

Absolute favorite things here are the espresso and the salted caramel cinnamon roll made with croissant dough. The coffee is not cheap either but it is amazing. The espresso was a ristretto consistency so if you like that this is the place to get espresso!笑
This is an interesting place. 

We dined here on a Saturday evening while traveling to Phoenix.  When we pulled into the parking lot,  it was full of 30 and 40 year old people, some with children,  and it seemed lively and upbeat. 

This impression carried over when we entered, there were lots of people having a good time, and the restaurant was full.  

We were seated quickly at a small table,  there was a banquette for my wife, and I had a chair facing the wsll, which eliminated my ability to enjoy the restaurant's pleasant and upbeat  ambience. 

The waitress was helpful and friendly.  The food was tasty and presented quickly.  If you're keeping track of such things it was about half again as expensive as it should have been.

Now, the pacing of a dinner is important. No one wants to sit for an hour or two just waiting for dinner to arrive.  Here, the opposite is true. We were seated at 7:10, and at 7:40 we were walking out the door. 

As I said, the food was tasty,  portions a trifle small, but the best thing about this place is the ambiance and the people watching,  and there was just no time to do that. Depending on your seating placement some in your party may miss a lot of it anyway. 

Maybe I will return if I am back in town some time in the future.笑
After reading all the great reviews we finally made it into Phoenix to try out The Henry. I absolutely loved it! The breakfast menu was not too extensive but there were a lot of tasty items to choose from. I decided on the 2 egg breakfast with bacon. I ordered my eggs scrambled and I think they may have been the best scrambled eggs I have ever had. 
My hubby had the chicken fried chicken which came with biscuits and gravy. The biscuits were absolutely delicious. 
I liked that I was also able to enjoy a Bloody Mary with my breakfast too. Our awesome server Adam told us that they actually have a build your own Bloody Mary cart on the weekends between 10a-2p. I am anxious to go back and give that a try. 
If this was closer to home I'm pretty sure we would be here several times a month. We will definitely be back even with the drive because it was that good. Great food, unbelievable service and a cool atmosphere!笑
I had the Black Truffle Lasagna and it was amazing. The lasagna was individually baked in its own tin and came out warm. I also shared the Warm Croissant Bread Pudding and Peanut Butter Banana Cake - they are the absolute best. With a party of 4, it wasn't difficult to finish both of the desserts, but I definitely had a sugar rush afterwards. 

The atmosphere of The Henry is very relaxed, perfect for both family dinners and casual business meetings. I would definitely like to come here again.笑
I have been here twice. The first time it took us 1 hour to be waited on and we got mediocre coffee, at best, but this time my friend and I were seated right away. This time I was given awful coffee with no latte art. If called a 4 star restaurant with a coffee bar, then at least perform like a coffee bar.笑
Favorite coffee and breakfast spot! They have a restaurant and a separate area where you can order coffee and food to-go off to the side. After 9am on the weekends, it gets pretty busy so you'll want to go in early. The quinoa burrito and the wildflower coffee are my go-to items!笑
Went here for breakfast. Was really a small menu, with nothing that stood out to me. Basically a small cafe style menu, with very health conscious choices. My date and I decided on the turkey sausage scramble and the lox bagel. 

The lox bagel was good, but the scramble was definitely not anything special. For the price, I thought the breakfast was pretty disappointing overall. 

I did look at the lunch menu and found that it looked a lot better. Overall, from my experience - all i took from it, is that that it's not a place that's great for breakfast and is a little over priced.笑
Always a great experience.  I most often come here for breakfast.  They have a great area in the back where you can work on your laptop or read the paper.  I actually get a lot of work done here.  I really enjoy their oatmeal and have great coffee and service.  Can never seem to go wrong with a FOX restaurant.笑
We had brunch at the Henry during a recent visit to scottsdale. The ambiance is nice and the service was great but the food was okay. The brunch menu sounded pretty good but nothing was excellent. We ordered a bunch of different pastries to start, a seasonal veggie scramble, the egg sandwich, 2 egg breakfast and quinoa breakfast burrito. The burrito and egg sandwich ended up being the best dishes but weren't anything amazing.笑
I came here for my birthday on a Monday night. We sat at the bar where we proceeded to have the worst bartender of our life attempt to serve us in a non representable manner for their well-known concept chain of hospitality. I've eaten here before and never had a problem, but this time I will never come back due to the bad taste in our mouths after our short dining experience. 

The bartender spent 5-10 minutes in between us tasting a sample of wine to find the right one to come back and ask us if we wanted to order the specific Blend of Pinot. I was frustrated. We were the only people at the bar besides a server eating dinner next to me at the bar. 

I don't even want to get into the whole scenario but long story short, when we left she got a 20% tip instead of my boyfriends normal 30% and she promised to "make it up to us next time".... Honey, there won't be a next time. 

That is not how he runs his restaurants. You fix it while the guest is still there so they leave happy!!笑
I'm a fan of the Fox Restaurant concepts & after visiting The Henry, I'll say I'm quite pleased with this restaurant! I came here for Sunday brunch with a group of people and we all had a great dining experience. A table was reserved for us so we were able to get seated upon arrival. Our drink orders were taken shortly after. We were waiting for a couple of people who were running late, but our waitress came by to make sure we had full cups of drinks, asked if we had questions, etc.

After a look over the menu, we all ordered a variety of different things, breakfast selections as well as lunch selections. I got the Wood Grilled Chicken sandwich with truffle fries. It was good; I wasn't super amazed with it, so I'm not sure I'll order it again, however I pretty much got exactly what I expected & what I was in the mood for. The only let down on the plate was the truffle fried which I upgraded to for an additional charge. They weren't crispy/crunchy, but more so soft/soggym however the truffle sauce that they came with was the saving grace.

Everyone else really enjoyed their meals. The cost was pretty high, especially for breakfast food, however I think it was worth the treat. I'd say The Henry is a great meeting place for a group. The decor inside is really pretty & the floor layout is very open so you're not sitting directly next to the table to your right or left. They also have a small coffee shop next to the restaurant, which I'd also be interested in trying out. I think we'll be back.笑
Yummy! Cool atmosphere, beautiful patio, great brunch menu that includes lunch features.  Turkey and Swiss omelette was great and the salted caramel pastry roll was to die for! Service was decent. Highly recommend!笑
The best thing I can say The Henry has going for it is the venue -- spacious - and the customer service - friendly and accommodating.   But honestly, I wasn't impressed with the meal.  

Even with a week and a half lead time, the only time available (for four people) was 4:45pm on a Friday evening.   We ordered the artichoke hearts for appetizers and our drinks.   My friend tried the drink recommended by our server - The Red Stiletto - but like the food, the name was way more impressive than the food actually tasted.   For the record, I honestly thought the artichoke heart appetizer was delicious, but we all joked and asked when the rest of the appetizer was going to be served.

I ordered the Chicken Gyro sandwich.   I'm use to the Greeks who pile on the meat.  This sandwich had very little chicken (which was pounded down to thin strips).  The flavor was great, but the pita bread was overpowering any meat or filling.

We ordered the bread pudding for desert.   It was good, but kind of dry.  

So the short of this experience is this:   I can't find anything really wrong with this establishment. The restaurant definitely caters to Scottsdale (yup, I just stereo-typed) and to hipsters.   It's loud, but I liked the roominess of the room and the patio.  But after all the rave reviews, I was left under-whelmed by the foodie-experience.笑
This was my third time eating here. Previously, I've been for a casual lunch & a romantic dinner. Today, I enjoyed an awesome brunch with friends! I would highly recommend making a reservation, especially if you're coming on a weekend. It's been extremely busy all three times I've dined. Ours was for 1pm but they were running late so we didn't get seated until 1:20pm. We started with Prairie Breeze Cheddar Popovers & an Everything Bagel with cream cheese. I ordered the 2 Egg Breakfast & I also got to taste the Caramel Apple French Toast & Huevos Rancheros. Portions are great & every single bite is delicious. I was pleasantly surprised by how good the bacon was! It seems to be pretty basic everywhere I go but here it was outstanding!笑
Great restaurant. Food is delicious!
Great happy hour. Love the appetizers...kale and garlic dip is tasty. 
Service is ok but I didn't mind too much. 
I am a frequent guest.笑
I've been meaning to come here for the six months and I finally made it! I came here with some colleagues from work and was incredibly pleased. We started off with a few appetizers and drinks; the popovers & kale garlic dip with the fig and ginger mule. I couldn't have asked for a better start to the evening. I ended up choosing the Thai peanut black cod, which ultimately was a great choice. All of the flavors infused in this dish really came together and did not disappoint!

Overall, the staff, service and ambience of the place was remarkable and I will definitely be coming back笑
We had a large group and they offered us their private kitchen free of charge.
Food was phenomenal.  Especially the ravioli, veg lasagna, branzino, almost everything.  Decor, ambience and staff couldn't have been better. 

Would def visit again if in the area.笑
The Henry is in such a nice building - I really felt like a guest during our meal here. The service was good, though our server was a little new it seemed, making a few minor mistakes here and there. 

We tried the guacamole and the truffle fries to start. I also had the ahi poke bowl which had very well seasoned shiitake mushrooms that I just could not get enough of. To top it all off, we tried a few desserts to share, but the yogurt panna cotta was by far my favorite and the perfect, lighter dessert to end the night. 

The Henry is definitely a great option for a business dinner, since there are various options for different diets and the tables are large and spacious so you can carry on a conversation easily.笑
I raved about this place to my husband, and after going with him last night, it fell flat. It's been a year since I came last, and I hope this isn't going downhill. The ambiance, decor, and service is 5 stars. The popovers and flavored butters are what I fondly remembered from last time so I was disappointed when I picked one up only to have it crack apart into small hard pieces. Perhaps they were overcooked. All I know is, what I had last night was not something to be remembered. The flavor of my braised beef was 5 stars. The third of which was fat? No stars. My husband's cod flavor and presentation was 4 or 5 stars. The portion size appropriate for my 3 year old? 1 star. Perhaps more veggies or some rice could have remedied his desire to order another entree after quickly finishing his first. The 5 star potential is strong here, but overcooked or stale appetizers, a chunk of fat, and a tiny portion will take that down a notch quickly; I might give it another chance because I want to love it as much as I did at first.笑
We love this place and have spent my birthday dinner here as well as an early Easter brunch. The restaurant is absolutely beautiful and you will usually have no parking problems. The ambiance is probably a 4/5, which is fine if you have great company, but then you have to deal with the rather pompous service. I've experienced it a few times now and can truthfully say that the staff is a bit stuck up. Wonderful food, though, will make up for the most of it.笑
Country club meets California cool. Excellent food. Ok service. 

I have dined here twice now and both times it took our server at least 10-15 minutes to actually greet our table. Each time we did have someone else check on us and take our drink order before the actual sever approached our table. I found that a little odd and off putting but at least someone else did check on us after being seated and waiting for a while. Other than this, the rest of the dining experience was great both times. 

The Henry is one of many Fox Restaurant Concepts and the building it sits in seems to house headquarters (upstairs) as well as a coffee shop and seating area (main floor). If you do wander upstairs you'll see a meeting room with office space, along with an outstanding view of Camelback Mountain. You'll also see plaques of all the Fox Restaurant Concepts. I didn't realize how many they own! 

Back to The Henry. Outstanding food. Fresh and cooked to perfection. Really enjoyed the burger and it's nice you get a choice or fries or a substantial side of their kale salad. Nice list of wines, cocktails and mocktails. Love their patio seating, which offers lots of shade and misters during summer months and warming lamps in winter months. 

Do expect a wait for brunch on the weekends and during holidays. 

Definitely a cool place to take out of towners because of the ambience and great food!笑
4.5/5 stars!

My first visit to the Henry was delicious!
Even on a Tuesday night, this place was packed...make a reservation. 

Decor is cozy and unique- I almost felt as though I was dining in someone's living room.

We each had a wine on tap-good selections and, and I tried the delicious scallops. Would highly recommend. Good size portion on a bed on creamed corn with a chorizo drizzle...so good!

Service was good. Our waitress was not extremely friendly, but we got everything we wanted. 

Will return!笑
This place might just be my favorite Fox Restaurant. Finally, an FRC in which the price actually seems to fit the product. The views of Camelback mountain are spectacular at sunset, and sitting outside when the weather is nice or even a bit cool is great (outdoor fireplace)! I loved the inventive cocktails, but I have to say my favorite part was the lasagna in béchamel sauce. Amazing! My honey ordered the turkey sandwich with fries. The sandwich was adequate but nothing extremely memorable. However, dipping some of his fries in the béchamel sauce was heavenly! I'm tempted just to order the fries and see if they can whip up some of the sauce for me as an app on my next visit!笑
Oh, Henry! Another fabulous addition to the Fox Concept family. Plus 1 right off the bat, a self-parking lot. Very large restaurant with multiple seating areas including a bar, a lounge area and an outdoor patio. 

The bf and I decided to risk showing up at 6pm without a reservation on the first Saturday night of its opening. 9:15pm was the first available table but we waited in the lounge area where you could order drinks and apps. After stalking a couple until they left, we grabbed a seat at the bar. For a busy night our server, Tanner, was awesome and attentive. As others have said it's loud, mainly because it's crowded not due to blaring music. 

For drinks, I ordered the Vodka and Pulp. Delicious and not too sweet. My boyfriend had the Fig & Ginger Mule which was a tasty twist on the traditional Moscow Mule.

For apps we got the artichoke hearts. Grilled to perfection, flavorful and lined in a truffle aioli sauce. Perfect for two to share. We also had the smoked salmon on potato has browns. Came with 4 servings. Highly recommend this dish! 

For entree, we split the Korean Style Skirt Steak. Winner winner amazing dinner. The combination of flavors and sauces made this dish outstanding. Steak was perfectly cooked to a medium rare. Ended with the bread pudding. It was good. I'm not huge bread pudding fan but my bf loved it. The caramel ice cream atop was delicious. 

Oh, and they have a coffee and juice bar. Will have to try this and their breakfast next time!笑
Very long wait to be seated (45 min). Very long wait for food service (30 min). Menu was not extensive. Friendly waiter. Blue crab quiche had 3 flakes of crab and a side of human hair. Corned beef hash unremarkable. Burger was good. Waitstaff replaced my hairy quiche. We will not be returning.笑
Stopped by for lunch at the Henry. We started out with the Bloody Mary cart. The young man concocted 2 delicious drinks for us. Excellent spin on the Bloody Mary bar concept. 
We ordered a couple small plates which were quite tasty as well. The guacamole and pot stickers came out and were fresh and delicious. I had to try the croissant cinnamon roll. Holy mackerel! That roll is one scrumptious item. We also shared the bagel and lox plate. Interesting presentation. The bagel came completely assembled as a sandwich. I'm used to putting the ingredients together myself. 
So, if everything is is so good, why 4 stars? First impressions, right? When we arrived, there we two very nice and lovely young ladies tending the hostess stand. After standing politely for several minutes on of these aloof young ladies finally turned around to see what they could do for us. I dunno. A table, perhaps? Did they bother to take a name? Nope. 
Fortunately, every other person we encountered was exceptionally helpful and friendly. So we'll be back.笑
Their staff is fantastic!  We had a catered event here and the food was great, loved the kale appetizer and the chocolate cake dessert was great.  The decor is spectacular and I wish I lived closer so I could visit more often.  I recommend for events and for a fun dinner.笑
We planned my sister's 30th birthday at The Henry.  I went to make the reservation for Sunday evening at 7pm for 15 people.  They said that the max reservation size was 12.     Okay, we made it for 12.  Then they asked us to change the time to 530pm or 830pm and that they preferred not to seat a large party during peak dinner hour.  When we said no and we would make the reservation elsewhere, they said okay.  They also said that preferred if we didn't bring balloons or a cake.  They said this with a bit of a snooty attitude.  We were a little caught off guard with all this.  I guess we thought they would welcome a large party, not make things difficult.  We thought about cancelling out of principal, but decided to keep the reservation.

We arrived a few minutes early and it took about 20 minutes to be seated.  Once we were seated, we ordered drinks which were great, but too a long time.  No bid deal.  We ordered dinner and it actually came out pretty quickly.  Overall, the food was very good.  I think our table ordered every entree on the menu.  Both pasta dishes were very good.  The chicken was also good, but mine was luke warm when it arrived.  It tasted great and the sides were also very good.  The fish also got very good reviews.  The only thing that was not well received was the short rib.  The taste was good, but it was really fatty and not much meat.  We didn't order dessert.

The staff and servers were great.  Overall, I would likely go back, but I wish our first experience with the staff making the reservation was more positive.  If so, I would have probably given this review 4 stars.笑
our first visit to The Henry (I think it's only about a year old) - another trendy Arcadia spot! great parking to start off (we were just saying parking in Phoenix is part of the dining experience - no?) and as we neared the entrance  we saw lots of comfy seating on the front patio.  we thought the  décor lovely inside in a hip neighborhood way.  our table for four @9:15 on Sat nite just took a minute - enough time to check out the bar and coffee bar/café to the right.  however, our table right by the kitchen/dishes was kinda loud - would prefer more in the front next time.  when we ordered a bottle of Riesling for $36, asked for 4 popovers right away.  we hoped she didn't think we meant four orders of popovers - waitress didn't elaborate but she knew we just wanted 4.  they were very good and unique with complex butters but I've had them before served piping hot so I was a little taken aback these were cold popovers.  we couldn't  resist also getting the brie toast (delish brie) so we got the truffled French fries as well - both very tasty to share.  I ordered the salmon salad and again waitress didn't elaborate because there are two - kale with salmon or salmon salad $18.  there was a little mix up but we were compensated nicely without saying a word.  the guys had the black truffle lasagna $16- very tasty with flavorful mushrooms, brussel sprouts with a white cheese sauce.  good service and interesting kinda casual  menu - not somewhere I have to go to all the time but glad we checked it out.   the place was filled with cool people - good choice to bring friends cuz it was a fun nite!笑
Great food. Great wait staff. Kitchen is pretty slow. You're gonna wait at least an hour for your entrée.

Good thing they serve amazing drinks.笑
I went to The Henry last night for the first time with my daughter and friend from back east. Great atmosphere, service,food and drinks. The patrons ranged from a Mom and young son to singles, younger and older couples. Very inviting for all! Will definitely be back.笑
The food was fantastic and the ambiance was very cool. I was there for Saturday brunch so there was live music. I'd love to try their regular menu!笑
This place is bomb. They didn't have the bread I wanted, so I took their advice on a substitution & it was amazing. 
The decor is nice enough to want to sit & drink for hours, but the food is good enough to want to eat,  too. Nothing on the menu could be classified as 'ordinary'.
Go live a little. At least hit the tiny cafe. Get cracking on visiting places like this one. Life is short.笑
Sam Fox does it again! None of his restaurants have disappointed me, The Henry included. The ambiance and atmosphere was so hip and cool, but not pretentious at all. We sat outside and watched all the fancy cars roll up, which was kinda fun. The back patio had pretty lights all around. And the food, was of course, totally legit. We split the cheddar popovers and ate all of them. I got the fatoosh salad, which although it was heavy on the dressing, I had no trouble polishing off. My husband really enjoyed his corned beef sandwich. The service was great, and I appreciated the manager coming out to check on us. She even asked if the dressing was too heavy and offered to make a new salad, which I declined because I don't like to send back food. But the offer was much appreciated. Overall, great experience.笑
This place is good for lunch and happy hour.  I didn't try the coffee but it was busy.  The vibe really isn't dinner, to me.  The rib pot stickers were really good.笑
I came in the morning and it so busy nonstop, so I believed it must be good!
I ordered the quinoa burrito and it was awesome! Perfect size for brunch. 
The services was wonderful, each couch, corner, table, and chairs were so cozy. 
They have plug charger connection on the table so it is easy for people who just work with their laptop, and it's open WiFi connection. 
The food's price is average and I think it worth to stay since the place quite big and cozy. I would like to go back to try something else! Highly recommended!笑
Amazing food, amazing style.  We had mixed drinks, appetizer, salad, main course, and dessert; each 5 stars.  And this place feels like home.  Not my home, but maybe a rich friend's parents' home.  So much so that I felt appreciative that they offered to let me eat with them.  Stupid I know, but it's the truth.  That being said, I LOVE a place that feels fancy, where I wonder if they are okay with me bringing my toddler, then they bust out the high chair and kid's menu.  I'll no doubt be coming back here, often.

Definitely note that you'll want a reservation (at least for dinner on weekends from my experience).  We eat dinner early, like 'old people' early, but getting there at 5:00 was not early enough to get us a table on a Saturday.  The next weekend I called on Thursday only to find Saturday was already fully booked, so we reserved for Sunday.  Point of story, call ahead.笑
Nice atmosphere.  Had great service although I thought prices were high for the offerings.  Happy Hour was kind of a joke, only available at bar and no food on special.  Would probably save my money and just visit their coffee shop that appears to serve some light baked items.笑
Although I like the food they have, most the time I come here, the service has been terrible. Terrible-as in the worst I've ever had. Most the time I sit in the open seating section, so I understand if it takes a server a tad longer to get to us, but there have been a handful of times where we were totally ignored (like 30 minutes of sitting there for nothing) before we walked out, and another few times where they did get to us and give us poor service. I'm not sure if it's because they are discriminating against a family dining with young kids, but it's unacceptable. I would have given them one star, but they earn the two because I know I'll be ordering lunch food to-go once in a while.笑
The atmosphere is neat with little separations so its not just one giant space.  The ceiling's really high, pipes showing all industrial like.  The music is audible but not blaring which is a nice change from other trendy restaurants.  Its loud with people sounds but not overpoweringly.  This is a great place to sip cocktails and enjoy a leisurely dinner.

We tried the appetizer of the day which was short rib potstickers and also the smoked salmon appetizer which is basically a potato hash with sauce, smoked salmon, and arugula on top.  The impressive thing about both these dishes was that the potstickers and the potatoes were fried to an even browned crisp almost to the point of burning but not having a bit of black anywhere.  Perfectly browned and even.  They were both pretty good, but slightly on the salty side.  

We also tried the burger with the kale and apple slaw.  The burger was slightly above average.  Cooked well, nicely sized, not overly greasy.  It could have used some onions I think, maybe some pepper.  It was decent with the slaw and sauce on it.  Pretty good bun too.

The roasted chicken was also a good dish.  Relatively moist and maybe a little too salty.  We got the smashed potatoes and mac and cheese as sides.  Both were delicious, but the mac and cheese is probably one of the best I've ever had.

So why the 3 stars?  Service was so slow.  They were nice and all, and there were 4 different people that came around, but every step took a long time to ask for and then attain.  Definitely not for the impatient or those having a busy day.笑
Lovely brunch spot with a great atmosphere. I ordered the quinoa breakfast burrito and my boyfriend initially ordered chicken fried chicken, however they ran out so he ordered the all American burger medium rare. My burrito came out fine and his burger came out medium well which was a little disappointing. It took a while to get seated and to receive our food, but the waitress apologized and took one of our beers off our bill.笑
Upscale place. Great for work events, happy hour, date night, girls night. 
Service was good even though it was busy in there tonight... On a Wednesday night! 
Food quality was very tasty. Lots of flavor and good chefs there!
Slightly too expensive for me, but over in a while it's nice. 
Place was open and clean. 
Lot's of parking! 

Overall very nice place.笑
Some friends and I ended up here for brunch on a Saturday. Had a GREAT experience there! Didn't sit in the restaurant but ordered from the coffee bar. A friend and I split a scone and the Spicy Sausage Scramble. Both were very delicious. The scramble was a little small for the price - but a great ratio of sausage, egg and vegetables. 

I ordered The Chloe for my morning coffee and I was NOT disappointed. It was sooo good. If I lived in Phoenix I think I would drive here solely for that drink alone. 

The ambiance was nice. We ended up in a room filled with causal seating and tables - many people working on their laptops. It was packed with a lot of people but the service was quick and friendly.笑
Excellent burgers, probably one of my favorite burgers in the valley.  The burger is really juicy and the bun isn't too thick.  I hate it when places use dense buns with their burgers.  I want to fill up on the actual meat and toppings, not on flour.  The burger comes with grilled red onions and in my opinion, that is a no-no.  I don't like red onions cooked at all, I personally think they should always be served raw.  They will easily do this for you and I am sure if you wanted grilled yellow onions or what not, they would do that for you as well.  The place is very nice inside but you can still go casual here.  I haven't had the breakfast before but it looks like a happening place for it.  They have excellent service as well.笑
The Henry is a super cute place. I walked in and everyone was very nice. I came with a friend and the hostess informed me that it's going to be a about a 1.5 hour wait, but she gave us the option of eating outside in which we decided to do so. Our waitress came and was nice. She took our order and the food was out promptly. 

As we were eating, small little bugs kept coming on the table. I get it, it's the middle of summer in Arizona. I tried to ignore or shoo them away, but then they all started coming on my plate and I immediately lost my appetite. For a place like The Henry, you would expect them to have a good exterminator to not have a bug issue. 

The waitress came back and I kindly asked her if there is some sort of discount for having bugs all up in my plate. She gave me the, "Are you F'ing kidding me look?" We both looked at my plate and you could clearly see movement that was not from the food. She grabbed my plate in a very rude way and practically ran away. She came back with the check without an apology, dropped it off, quickly said that she took 50% off, and ran away if not quicker than the first time. My friend and I put the credit card down, and once again she was suddenly running a marathon. She didn't make eye contact and was clearly trying to avoid us at all costs. She was just rude in general all because I asked her about a discount on something you would think they would be understanding of. Even if she said I'm sorry we can't do anything about it, I would've understood because like I said, we're in Arizona. We still tipped her even though she didn't deserve it.  

I just feel like this situation could've been handled differently. It's a very nice place, but she definitely ruined the good time my friend and I were having.笑
New favorite restaurant and meal! This is an incredible neighborhood eatery. I got the roasted chicken with Mac & cheese and mashed potatoes and I don't think it could've been any better. 

The service is also the best I've received at any restaurant I've been to. Everyone was kind and went over the top to please us. 

I HIGHLY recommend The Henry to anyone looking for somewhere to eat in the Phoenix area.笑
My husband called around noon on a Sunday and was told there would probably be a half an hour wait and when we arrived we were told an hour and a half. So we decided to wait and have drinks on the patio. About an hour later my husband went up to check with the hostess to see how much longer we would be waiting because  he saw many empty tables and not many people waiting, he was barked at by the hostess that she told him it would be an hour and 45 min and that's how long we would be waiting. He responded that we were told an hour and half. All the hostesses were very rude and acted like they couldn't be bothered to talk to anybody. I thought that a requirement for hostessing was to be able to smile at a customer. The food was okay but definitely over priced and after our initial treatment we will not be coming back. There are too many restaurant choices in Scottsdale we do not need to pay to be treated rudely.笑
Oh Henry! I have such a love hate relationship with you. I love the big bright airy indoor areas, but hate that you are always so busy I can't get a seat without a reservation. I am a huge fan of your happy hour but I have to dance around like some big vulture hawk in order to get a seat at the bar. 

Your food is wonderful. Shirt rib anything, I've both the pot stickers and the short ribs and each time ended up ordering another round. The chopped salad is what you would expect (turkey, ham, egg, bacon, white cheddar, tomato) but the fat-e-o buttermilk dressing is deceivingly light and creamy tasting.  The fat-e-o buttermilk fried chicken sandwich should be taken off the menu so I could restrain myself from pigging out on it every time. They fry the breast and then slather it in havarti cheese & bbq mayonnaise.

Help me now! Next time I will jog from my house to make all those calories make sense (and I live far)!笑
I'm glad I used a gift card for my first and last visit to The Henry -  went on a Sunday - sat on the patio - so far so good,  the wait wasn't long -  then that's where it ended .  Started with 2 glasses of ice water - and we ordered 2 coffees as we looked over the menu - once our server came back ( no coffees in hand)  we ordered the grapefruit and I had the carrot cake pancakes , with a sunny side up egg on the side  and my daughter had the apple cinnamon waffles - that's the extent of the order.  About 25 min went by and out came the grapefruit ,  and oh let me check on the coffee -  he brought the 2 coffees - they were lukewarm - we finished the grapefruit , the coffee and sill no pancakes or waffles - 45 min have gone by and - oh let me check on your order - about ten min later he came out with our order - again luke warm and no egg on the side .   And an excuse of " oh the kitchen had a chef change and everything got behind "  this becomes my problem how ?   Every table on the patio where guests had left were still messy and the birds were invading the entire space - I'm not a confrontational person and I should have  sent the food back and the coffee for hot ones but by almost 2 hours of waiting and wondering where the server was - and where's the food and where's the check - we were done.   Was the food good  ? It was just ok - $10 for 2 simple pancakes barely warm -  isn't my idea of a nice Sunday brunch .   This place is in an area of some really great places with out of this world service -  I doubt we will be back笑
Delicious food, spectacular service! Prices are a bit higher than other options in the area but the food is well worth it.

Amazing place to grab a nightcap, the bar staff is phenomenal. Great place to people watch as well :)笑
I have been looking forward to going to The Henry for months and I finally went today.  The ambiance was great! I first had the wildflower latte and I must say it was fantastic, I wish I would have ordered a large.  I was seated quickly and everyone seemed to be kind.  I ordered the French toast for breakfast, and all I can say is that it was absolutely fantastic.  The only reason I gave 4 stars is because the waiter I had was quite slow and seemed to forget my friend and I were customers.  Other than that, I would go back again and again!笑
The Henry's a stylish diner that authentically feels unique through its menu, service and interior design. I recommend planning a reservation with the concept of experiencing The Henry moreso than consuming food -- it's memorable from start to finish and each of its menu items comes equipped with talking points making it a great daytime date spot. I recommend giving the coffee varieties a try -- consider the wildflower or the dropout (both can come iced as well!) if you're interested in trying more artisanal caffeine cocktails. While it is typical diner food, it doesn't ever feel like a typical diner.笑
One of the best meals I've had in quite some time. Every detail from the moment we walked in the door to our very last bite was exceptional. The ambience is like you're in a super chic yet comfortable living room and makes you feel right at home. Our server Alex went above and beyond to take care of my mom and me for our dinner. He was so knowledgeable, made great suggestions and was on top of everything at every step of the way. We have very restrictive diets but he was able to accommodate all our needs and the food was still INCREDIBLE. We started with the grilled and chilled shrimp which was a perfect light and delicious start to our meal. For entrees we shared the Chilean sea bass (omg) and the NY strip which was worth every penny- perfectly cooked and seasoned. Can't remember the last time I had a steak that good. Not a morsel was left of anything. They even specially prepared their squash to meet our needs. We were so well taken care of and left with such a wonderful memory of a meal. Can't wait to come back!笑
YUM 24/7! I love coming in for any meal, but more frequently breakfast! Their iced coffee is simply amazing!笑
Excellent food. Great atmosphere. We live close and will definitely dine there again. The reason for the four-star review is they were 15 minutes late in seating us. We were seated outside on the side patio and it was a little crowded. (Lights from the cars in the parking lot were also a little distracting) Other than that everything was perfect. Sam did a good job on this one but there is room for improvement.笑
A new place for me and my friend , the server was super nice and knowledgeable , she described every dish to perfection , my fiend had the tacos and I had the steak with the spicy fried rice !! SUPER GOOD , not expensive at all, a manager came and check on us I believe his name was Mike and he made our night ! Thank you so much for everything , we will be back !!笑
Being a Fox Concept, we assumed it'd be competent though maybe not exceptional.  We were floored by how absolutely terrific the place, food and service proved to be.  This is an experience very different than typical Fox.

Korean skirt steak with tempura green beans atop curry rice is not to be missed.  Tried the wife's roasted tomato black bean chili which was terrific as well, though the Korean skirt steak is in a whole other league.

Club house margarita was terrific.  Mule was good, thought I'd suggest it needs more ginger beer since the lime overpowered a bit.

Croissant bread pudding was very yummy, didn't leave one bit of that.

The space is really terrific, quite refined w/o being stuff.  Will be back to try their coffee shop and breakfast too.

btw, might suggest reservations.  You might have a long wait if not unless you get a seat at the bar.  Lounge area is very nice, comfortable couches and chairs so that's a pleasant place to hang out with a drink and appetizer.笑
On the road for my wife's graduation led me to spin the wheel on Yelp to find the perfect celebratory setting. Thanks to local reviews and photos I made the decision to rsvp at the Henry as this place fit the bill for everything I knew she would enjoy:

Great cocktails, homemade desserts, and unique/seasonal entrees all being served from a spot that looks like it came out of a Restoration Hardware catalog!

As we were a bit early for our rsvp, we were open to enjoying some cocktails in the front until our table was ready. This was the only downfall of our experience as I needed to flag down a waitress before we could get any service. Once our orders had finally been taken and arrived, we started to realize that this place was going to meet the expectations we desired. The fig and gin mules are on point as were the brandied cherries in my wife's drink.

On to the entrees! The perks of going out to dine with a family that loves to eat is that we get to sample everyone's dishes. Our selections included: the Mediterranean branzino, wood grilled pork chop with cauliflower polenta, Thai blackened cod, beef short rib, buttered lobster salad, Korean skirt steak, and orders of bread pudding and chocolate,peanut butter, banana cake! 

OH and only the best cheesy popovers you could ever put in your mouth w homemade ham butter. Yes..HAM butter.

We obviously spent a grip but if you're going to do it big then you might as well do it right, and I got some major cred for the night's dinner selection. :)

For a party of 6, this place was impressive the moment you stepped foot in the door. From the open kitchen delivering mouthwatering dishes to the small patisserie on the side, the Henry has something to appeal to a variety of individual tastes.笑
The restaurant has a large sign at the center top of the building, making the restaurant easy to find.  Because the door handles are in the shape of a round sign, we found the door difficult to locate.  Once we figured it out we were inside.

The inside of the restaurant is well lit and attractively decorated.  The restaurant was loud, but we could hear music playing in the background.  The temperature was comfortable.

DINING ROOM
The spacing between the tables was tight, but provided adequate space.  Our table had one chair and the other seat was a bench attached to the wall.  Both seats were comfortable and looked new.  The menus were clean and in good repair with no typographical errors.  The napkins, plates, glasses and silverware were all clean and appeared to be nearly new.

Short Rib Pot Stickers
The pot stickers were served hot, attractively garnished with sesame seeds, mizuna and a yuzu ponzu sauce.  The portion size was large and enough for two to four guests.  The ingredients tasted fresh and delicious.  This appetizer exceeded our expectations and will be one reason we will return to the restaurant.

Roasted Turkey French Dip
The turkey French dip sandwich was served hot with a delicious horseradish aioli sauce.  It was attractively arranged with a simple, but tasty salad.  The serving size was large and enough for one to two guests.  The natural au jus was enjoyable and complemented the turkey and havarti on the parmesan roll.  The sandwich exceeded our expectations.

Wood Grilled Burger
The wood grilled hamburger was cooked to a proper medium rare and delicious.  I was an appropriate size for one person.  The French fries were also enjoyable, but many of them were overcooked and burned.  I set them aside as I ate and was surprised that about one-third of them had been ruined.  While the hamburger was made from quality ingredients, I thought that it was slightly overprice at $13 and did not represent a good value.

Chocolate Ice Cream
The chocolate ice cream was a medium sized serving of rich, creamy ice cream and was a good size for one person.  It was served cold and had not melted in the dish.  The ingredients were of high quality and refreshing to consume on a hot day.  At only $3, we felt the ice cream was a good value for the price charged.笑
Really enjoy the vibe here. It is always busy and on weekends reservations are almost always necessary, The food is priced well and there is a decent variety. Weekends they serve breakfast all day, which is great when you get up late or live out in the East Valley.

They changed the chicken and waffles. See latest review.笑
Great place, goes well with the area and the crowd here is very trendy and "quiet"
One of the downfalls is that they can have you waiting for some time. 
Food is great and the drinks menu is very vast.笑
This is by far the worst fox restaurant in the valley. We came here with a party of seven and were immediately turned away saying they, "Couldn't seat that amount of people." However I noticed other reviews indicating parties greater than ten. 

After this I decided to give them another chance. We stopped by for a dinner and was informed that it would be a 45 minute wait. After an hour and twenty minutes our table was, "Finally" ready. After taking our seats the we eventually received a glass of water after 10 minutes. We ordered the Korean style skirt steak which came out Luke warm. The rice was slathered with chili sauce. It tasted like a poor mans bimbimbap. We also ordered the seafood Henry salad which can only be described as a side salad. It barely covered 1/3 of the plate and had no flavor.


If you're that curious to try this restaurant:
1. Make a reservation.
2. Don't show up hungry
3. Expect a long wait
4. Enjoy the ambience because that is the only worth here

I've lost hours of my life at this restaurant and it was one of my worst experiences I've ever had.笑
Great food!! The shrimp appetizer is to die for! Nice big pieces of jumbo shrimp! Their cocktails drink are a bit pricey but I think it's average at any place upscale. I love that they have a little coffee shop too!! Dinner menu is awesome as well笑
We just went here for a post graduation dinner this week.  My daughter and I had come for brunch before, and have been wanting to come back for dinner for some time now.  I have to say that dinner did not disappoint!

We started with wine and drinks.  I got an apricot blossom punch that was delicious...enough to have two.  The others in the party stuck with traditional drinks and wine (good varieties there).  We also started the meal with garlic fries an popover rolls, both of which were nice starters.

Our entrees were also delicious, from the braised short rib (mine!), to the  korean style steak, to the chicken, and the fish.  All our meats were prepared very well - great flavor, tender, cooked just right - and the sides were equally delicious and well paired with the entrees.  We didn't save room for dessert, but thoroughly enjoyed all that we tried.

Service was good, friendly and appropriately attentive given how busy they were.  We sat outside on the patio...also very pleasant.  Nice spot, good menu, all around excellent.笑
Birthday brunch for my son...everything was amazing..truffle fries are amazing. Everyone had different breakfast dishes and we all loved it..ate so quick we forgot to take pics...Angela was amazing at tending to all our needs.笑
I went to the henry last friday for dinner i waited 35 minutes for my meal and it was cold they wanted to remake my food again but i didnt want to wait 35 min again ill never go back to the henry笑
The food was delicious. I tried everyone else's meal (shameless) and i liked everything. The service was great! One of our appetizers came out bland and we mentioned it to our waitress who was much more offended than we were! She took it back and brought us another and made sure we didnt pay for either. The only knock against that its "coffee shop" are, though a nice place to sit and chat, makes mediocre coffee for the same price as really good coffee :/. Save your money and get more food!笑
After hearing great things about this place over the years, I finally got a chance to go try it out! 

The location is prime...couldn't be any better. The menu is ok. I just don't see how it's unique to any other nice restaurant. I did really like the mixed berry lemonade tonic water!!! 

The service was good but there was nothing that stood out to me about it.笑
Okay food. The best was the fries and pasta but you could get the same thing at an affordable place that's family owned and nice. Waiting staff was rude. The girl had an attitude problem and I get that you have your days but take a breathe and move on. For my first time there it's my last time there.笑
Went a few weekends ago for a friend's birthday brunch. This place was the best! I got the lox bagel and iced coffee. Both delicious! The atmosphere was awesome! Will definitely be back!笑
Lovely lunch at The Henry. Started with an order of Cheddar Popovers, They are delightful little puffs of pâté au Choux baked to golden clouds and served with flavored butters. We also split an order of grilled/chilled shrimp that were very tasty. I ordered the roasted half chicken with kale slaw and my husband had the Diner burger with fries. Both entrees were first rate. The chicken with rosemary and lemon jus was a standout and even the white meat was moist. We had to try dessert though we were full, so opted for the croissant bread pudding with ice cream which was truly heavenly. Two espressos to finish off and we left smiling and satisfied with our first visit to The Henry. We definitely will return.笑
The Henry is absolutely beautiful inside but, like most experiences I've had at Fox Restaurants, the food leaves something to be desired. I ordered the "flower child scramble" and substituted pepper jack cheese for the parmesan but the pepper jack that came with the scramble was hardly cheese! It was a single slice placed atop the scramble and had a very plastic-y texture, more like a cheese produce (ie a Kraft single or Velveeta) than actual cheese. Kind of disappointing and underwhelming. Like I said before though, the interior is stunning and it isn't too noisy, nor did I have to wait too long to get a seat, despite the fact that it was a busy Sunday morning. Next time I go I'll try a lunch plate and hope it's better than that breakfast scramble.笑
I've been to the Henry three or four times already and even though the food is good (nothing too spectacular).. It is quite pricey for what you get. I do enjoy sitting on their beautiful patio but watch out for those bug bites. I left that place with 4 mosquito bites.
Not sure if it will be my top pick on restaurants that I will revisit.. But we will see.笑
Loved this place! Great atmosphere, amazing food. The cheddar biscuits are so good, the carrot cake pancake is to die for! The Bloody Mary bar is creative and fancy to try, comes with lots of yummy things inside. This place is detailed down to every inch . So cute, the patio out back is fun for brunch and big parties! The Mediterranean salad was delicious! I can't wait to go back!笑
Beautiful decor. Well thought out, open kitchen, with considered, consistent theme throughout restaurant and outside seating area. Started with the salmon appetizer, and though had high expectations, was still blown away.  Main was the Korean skirt steak; incredible.  Coffee at end of meal also on point.  Varied menu with lots of interesting choices, as well as accommodating chefs for those in party with quite strict dietary requirements.  Highly recommend.笑
We came here because a friend recommended The Henry for the whiskey selection and food. My husband & I were not disappointed.

We arrived around 4 thinking we would have a cocktail or two and ended up staying thru dinner.

The bartenders Teddy and Jeremy were outstanding. My husband enjoyed talking to Teddy about different whiskeys and he recommended a couple that he tried. The bonus was the Pappy that they had, that my husband has been looking for for months in the Bay Area. Also recommended were the popovers which were very yummy. The smoked ham butter was amazing. We ended up ordering the chopped salad, club sandwich and a side of the cauliflower polenta. All were served quickly and enjoyed to the fullest. Ending our meal with the bread pudding, served warm with a scoop of carmel ice cream that was delicious.
I also want to note the open feel of the restaurant, where you are able to sit outside, at casual tables, at the bar or in the dining room.
I'd recommend this restaurant to everyone to try. You won't be sorry.笑
The prime sandwich had a perfectly cooked steak shingled with mushrooms and greens. I enjoyed the sliced steak opposed to a large slab of meat that requires I tear the meat with each bite. The slices steak was a small sign of thoughtful dish execution and a upscale experience. I chose the slaw as my side and it provided well dressed fresh crunchy veggies.  Overall the price point for the dishes were slightly higher than I expected but fit provided the environment. This industrial rustic location has a relaxed upscale chill atmosphere. A hodgepodge of vintage couches, chairs and tables provide plenty of seats for walk in customers.  
A great place for a date with that special someone.笑
Went there for breakfast, overall my experience was 4/5 stars. Food was great, they keep the menu simple and easy to understand. All servers and wait staff had a smile and helpful.笑
The Henry, what great atmosphere and food! We had the best waiter he was so personal and gave us great personal suggestions on food! He suggested getting the Black cod saying it's the best fish in the valley and he underestimated how amazing it is! The sauce pared with the black cod is a toooooo die for coconut sauce definitely the best fish I have ever had in my lifetime! Then for dessert we had the croissant bread pudding best bread pudding you will have! The bread pudding is pared with a homemade Carmel ice cream and whiskey raisins perfect touch! The croissant is their famous salted Carmel rolls that they service for breakfast! I can't help myself from using exclamation marks after every sentence because the Henry is that amazing!!!笑
I'm a huge fan of Fox Restaurant Concepts and The Henry was in line with my other favorite restaurants in this family.  We went early before a concert and it was busy at 5:30pm (in summer).  It appears that they attract a big happy hour crowd. The set-up is a little confusing if you've never been here but the staff was friendly and welcoming.  I loved the atmosphere and the food was yummy!  

I started with the strawberry rhubarb collins which was tasty and refreshing.  The popovers were good but a little bland.  I had the quinoa tacos and they were amazing.  The tacos are small but full of flavor and surprisingly filing.  I also tried my sister's chicken with creamed corn.  Love the creamed corn!  It's just like the corn at The Greene House.  It sounds weird to be so excited about corn but it's really that good!  

I frequent other Fox restaurants that are closer to me but I would certainly return to this one if I'm in the area!笑
My first time trying the henry for coffee,
Delicious,
Not acidic, smooth creamy 
A great late I ordered the Dropout, so very yummy 
Happy to give the XV at the henry a try for coffee 
I will be back shortly,  this coffee stop is added to my list of favorites up there with Royal coffee and Four till four coffee 
All yummy spots 

Pros: nice menus perfect to get work done,
Cons none I can find笑
If you see my check-ins you'll know I'm here just about every weekend! We love the Henry for brunch on the weekends. Everything we've had is amazing!! Spicy sausage scramble, egg white turkey omelet, chicken fried chicken are our faves for breakfast! The turkey French dip and short rib pot sticks are amazing for lunch!! The Bloody Mary cart is the best!! The infused vodkas are amazing! Literally I could never have anything bad to say about The Henry and I don't think there are adequate words to express my love/obsession with this place! I will say they recently got rid of the carrot cake pancakes and I am CRUSHED!! They were our favorite and everyone we brought here from out of town tried them and loved them :( maybe give me the recipe so I can make them on my own? Or better yet bring them back!笑
The Henry is great!  I have always had a great time there and so have my friends.  On my last experience I had a little issue though.  Hence the lost star.  I could tell that the lady in the booth across from me was trying to steal my air.  I was reaching out and trying to gather my own air but she had really big nostrils and was sucking up my air like a kid drinking a coke on a hot day.  Other than that this place is great.  Please work on your other guests breathing.  thanks笑
Went here for dinner. I am usually a really big fan of Sam Fox restaurants, but this unfortunately fails on a number of levels.  First, I have to say the decor is really spot on great...it LOOKS good...and you would expect good food, service and clientele would follow.  The hostess asked if we had reservations...and when I said no...didn't know that we needed them..and she shot me a "bwah..of course you do stupid" look. Strike one.  She said we could sit at the bar or wait 2 hours. So we sat at the bar.  The bartender was very nice and sympathized with us not having reservations. Then we ordered. The food was very average...nothing special. Nothing stood out...it reminded me of ordering food at an average high end hotel restaurant. Meh. Strike two.  Finally the one thing was the clientele. When I turned around from the bar to look at who was dining....it was filled with Scottstitutes, cougars, and typical Beemer and Range Rover crowd.  Strike three. There is this magic line that runs down 44th Street that keeps these types away from Acadia and Central Phoenix...unfortunately The Henry sits on the wrong side of this line.  Again..Sam Fox does some wonderful stuff but if you want awesome food I'd opt for somewhere else.笑
The Henry is a great place for anything. If you are looking for a meeting place for business, enjoying time with friends, or just someplace nice to sit and get work done - you can't beat it. The food is delicious and the staff is very friendly and willing to help out with special needs/requests. Morning/noon/night - they are ready to take care of you and make you feel right at home.笑
We finally made it to The Henry!

Despite the long wait it was worth every minute. 

We were greeted by a really nice hostess and she right away told us about the wait time as she told us to get a drink at the bar and make our self's comfortable in the waiting area. We did, and the time went by really fast.

The atmosphere was amazing. 

The interior design was right in our back yard. Music was perfect and drinks from the bar were the bomb. 

40 minutes later, we were escorted to our table on their patio area. It was perfect. The weather outside was perfect and atmosphere was divine. 

My boyfriend ordered Roasted Turkey French Dip and I ordered Warm Salmon salad. We shared and we were both stoked. Every bite was so delicious. We did not want it to end. For drinks we ordered Upstate Gentleman and Old Fashion. Yummmm

We are going back for sure and would recommend this place to any of our friends. The only disappointment we had was the fact that we waited this long to go when it is so close to us. 

Thanks to all "The Henry" staff!笑
My boyfriend and I had Easter dinner here and were surpised at the functionality of the place. They have a lovely outdoor patio where we comfortably sat and hung out at for awhile, a full bar, a complete coffee shop/cafe area, and a large inside restaurant as well. My boyfriend and I agreed this was "Lux Coffeebar for grown ups" and that we should hang out here more. Our waitress was lovely and bubbly, and gave us some complimentary macarons at the end of our dinner. We ordered the kale dip and both got the salmon with sunchokes (neither of us knew what they were until we asked. They're like a cousin to potatoes). Overall the food was tasty and the atmosphere was comfortable and fun.笑
We loved the Henry! It seems like this place is always crowded so make a reservation ahead of time! The portions are perfect so that you're full but not stuffed. Everything was cooked perfectly with a great mix of flavors.笑
I'm a big fan of what Sam Fox has done and his restaurant concepts. That being said, I was totally looking forward to trying The Henry after I've heard good reviews. Sad to say, I visited this for the first time with two others. The turkey french dip had excellent flavor with havarti cheese. Unfortunately the  portion size of the sandwich bun seemed small and the bread roll did not live up to the crusty expectations. The corned beef on marbled rye also seemed a bit dry and needed a bit of a sauce. The kale apple slaw was excellent as was the service. The atmosphere was fantastic.笑
I was in the area when this restaurant popped up on yelp. I thought I was a little underdress at first but by the time I left, I didn't feel as self conscious so I suppose it depends on how early you get there.

The Norwegian smoked salmon is to die for! I wish I had ordered two. The smoked salmon was fresh and delicious on top of the fried potato (I think they said it was hash but everyone seems to have a different view on what hash browns/potatoes are). It was superb.

My father ordered the black cod and the kale & apple salad. The salad was amazing. I was afraid there would be too much dressing but there was just enough. The apple was a little tart but it prevented the salad from being sweet, which I liked. 

Only my father ate the cod. He said that the texture of the cod was on the soft side and he prefers his fish more firm. Other than that, the flavor was acceptable to him, I guess. 

If I am ever in the area again, I'm coming back for the smoked salmon and the service! The waitresses and hostess, down to the man who refilled my water, were super nice!笑
The ambiance of the restaurant does not disappoint.  It's refreshing to see this type of restaurant aesthetic coming in.  Fox got the concept right...but lacks a bit in overall execution.  My wife and I came in for dinner...albeit without reservations...but seriously this is Phoenix.  Spago takes me without a reservation...and seats me in a table I can actually eat at.  I repeatedly told the hostess the table would be too small for us.  When I try a restaurant...I sample...a lot.  The two person tables are for people drinking wine and children.  I am rating this one star lower for just the terribly ridiculous carnival act that had to be performed in order for us to actually eat...uncomfortably.  We tried the short rib potstickers, grilled & chilled charred shrimp, popovers & smoked salmon appetizers.  The popovers are what most places deliver for free...I'm not saying they are not worth $7...I just find it embarrassing that you would charge for them.  The potstickers were okay.  The chilled charred shrimp were a hit and miss.  Beautiful and prabably would have been excellent if served hot.  Serving them cold for "speciality" will be lost on anyone that actually FINE dines.  The smoked salmon was good...nothing special...but good.  We ordered the $50 New York steak and the chicken.  I detest overpaying for lower priced cuts of meat...absent from the menu was filet or ribeye etc.  The steak was beautifully prepared, expertly seasoned, and quite delicious.  But fox has literally created this entire menu for shameless profit...and they are either counting on people being completely ignorant,   one hit tourist visitors, or those desperate to cling to anything remotely decent in the way of Phoenix eateries.  We took a few desserts to go...which were delicious.  Including a delectable bread pudding.  I really wanted to like this place...but this is not a fine dining establishment.  It's a cookie cutter fox development wrapped to look like something out of a larger city.  The staff are basically all children, and asking anything beyond the scripted responses they were so obviously drilled on resulted in the "deer in headlights" stare.  For instance the server will immediately volunteer "her favorite" menu items...if I wanted to know...I would ask...but thank you for the upsell.  I really don't need coaxing to spend money especially from someone that needs to work all day to afford the steak.  I can't really see wanting to go back...there is no depth to this place.  No specials or off the menu items...and a quite boring menu.  I'm not saying this place couldn't be something...it's just not.笑
Great happy hour specials and meals are some of the best that the fox restaurant group shells out. Parking is limited though. Great place, servers attentive and food excellent ( so are desserts!)笑
My husband and I decided to try The Henry out for dinner last night. We love the Fox Concepts and The Henry was the last one we haven't tried yet. The restaurant is in a good location, right off Camelback, with a gorgeous patio set and beautiful views of the comeback mountains. The service and the drinks were excellent. We started with the chilled shrimp as an appetizer. They were well seasoned just wish there were more. I think you only get 4 big shrimp for $16. For entree my husband had the braised short rip dish. It was delicious. I had their branzino. Not the best choice for me. Even though the fish tasted good, it was cooked well and seasoned well the side dishes didn't complement it well and that kind of ruined the dish for me. It came with some oats that tasted like plain oatmeal for me and 3 little pieces of cauliflower. Just not a good enough side dish for the delicious fish. For dessert we had their Panna Cotta and Cleo Espresso . The panna cotta came with grapefruit ice cream and cashews. It didn't really impress us and didn't think that the sorbet was the best complement for the panna cotta. Wish it had more fresh fruit and maybe a raspberry or blackberry jam. The espresso was really really good. We will definitely visit The Henry again笑
Great atmosphere and food. Cool music playing (not too loud). Had a nice time. Like that there isn't valet parking.笑
This is a great, fun restaurant.

My fiance and I were really impressed by how everything looks here.
They have a nice patio, as well as a fun area to sit near the front.

Service is excellent.  Our waiter was very kind.

The food is great, especially the Skirt Steak.  Delicious.  The Short Rib Appetizer is also great.  My fiance wasn't a big fan of the fish she ordered.

We weren't happy with where we were sat.  They seemed really busy so we didn't want to ask to be re-sat.   don't sit next to the kitchen.  It's busy and loud.

We were impressed enough to return in the future, but there's definitely room to improve.  

Enjoy!笑
Very nice place, great atmosphere, good place for a conversation entrées portions are small $20 - $30笑
It's the cutest restaurant in town with great service and fun menu.  Only problem is as other Sam Fox restaurants the food was quite salty.笑
Been to the Henry twice now, once for dinner and just this past weekend for brunch.  I've gotta say, I really love this restaurant.  From the decor to the menu I think everything is spot on.  Service has always been friendly and consistent, while also helpful.  A+ for this Fox Restaurant!

It's been awhile since we had dinner here, but I can remember everyone in our large party was satisfied with their meal.  We were celebrating a birthday and the restaurant helped make that special.  This place is quite "open" so it was kind of loud, but really the atmosphere makes up for that.  For brunch, I had the egg sandwich, which was delicious... just like the one I like and Olive and Ivy.  The Hubs had the chicken fried biscuit thing and man oh man was that good.  Loved that it was heavy, but light... you don't feel like a fatty after eating it, which is nice.  We also shared a caramel bun and each had the fresh squeezed lemonade.  Both were so good... I could eat/drink both every day of the week.

For sure, hit up the Henry.  You won't be disappointed, but get a reservation... this place seems to be always busy!  Oh and the coffee place that is attached looks awesome, gotta try that!笑
Having known nothing about The Henry, last trip to Phoenix, a girlfriend and I stopped by for lunch. I was a little thrown to be asked if I had reservations at 11am on a Friday, but we opted for a flat top for lunch. We started out with the popovers with the smoked ham butter, and WOW, don't let the idea of ham butter throw you, they were amazing. I had the roasted brussels sprout chicken caesar salad and it was probably the best salad I have had in years. The wait staff was well presented and very attentive, including other waiters who stopped by when our drinks were in the "danger zone" to make sure we were doing okay and to see if we needed another one. They also took the time to tell us about their weekend specials and where they were opening locations in the future.笑
Bottom line: 
When the managers promise that your credit card has been refunded because of their staffs blunders, they're lying.  
No refund ever received. 

As a follow up to the really dishonest and disrespectful treatment we experienced from the hostess and "manager" as detailed in my previous review, I was contacted by a manager named Kolin, who told me to contact another manager named Nate, who told me that they had "fully refunded" my credit card.  
I didn't ask for a refund, I didn't expect a refund (and the truth is I didn't believe it when I was told as Nate didn't mention it until the middle of the conversation as though he was making it up at that moment) but he said they had already refunded my card so I said I appreciated it.
And guess what?  
NO REFUND AT ALL.  
NOTHING.  
JUST MORE LIES.  
At least they're consistent.  
Lied to by the hostess, lied to by the night manager and lied to by the day manager...that's the trifecta of bullshit!
I'll chalk this experience at The Henry up as truly my worst experience with any staff, at any restaurant, anywhere in the world.笑
The concept, once again is great.  We frequent the Fox Concepts restaurants religiously due to the impeccable service.  The food is always great.  The impeccable service was somewhat "marred" by the "tall, slender, very pretty "blonde" at the coffee bar area.  We walked in not knowing what to expect, and she asked, "if we we dining or just having a coffee?".. We hesitated, and talked it over between us for about 10 seconds which seems to "upset" her, as when we told her we would like to dine in, she "ROLLED HER PRETTY EYES" as though it irritated her that we did not know immediately.  We really didn't since this was our first visit.  She actually walked away and told us to walk over to the Hostess area to the left.....Rude, and unlike anything that Fox Concepts would consider great service.  The Hostess was great, and the food was great.  The waitress was the same, as it seemed that she "really didn't want to be there".  She had no suggestions, no input and not even a "smile" and had to ask for water and a refill on my ice tea...  Rude help, and surprisingly as we later found out that it is a "training center"?...Love the place though and we probably "might" go again, but ...without a "welcome greeting, and better service, we'll pass on it and just stick to North or Olive and Ivy.  The "blonde", let me say again was just to rude, and she made me feel "unwelcome".......Other than the service personal, everything else was too neat!....笑
Today was our first time at The Henry.  It was AMAZING from beginning to end!
For starters, we ordered "custom-made" Bloody Marys from a cart that is wheeled to the table.  Watch out, though, the bartender pours a super stiff drink!
Then we shared an unbelievably good appetizer:  Norwegian smoked salmon on top of tiny potato pancakes with creme fresh.  My husband had caramel apple french toast, and I ordered carrot cake pancakes with creme cheese icing -- which is a shoe-in for the "Breakfast Dish of the Century Award."  The portions are huge. Even the coffee (plain ole black coffee) was exceptional.  The restaurant is beautiful.  The service was great.  They have patio seating -- always a plus.  We will definitely be back!笑
Brought the whole family. They went out of their way to make a steak my youngest would eat. Everything we ordered was delicious and our server did a wonderful job. The atmosphere was trendy, but you could also bring your kids. 
We will be back.笑
I have to start out by saying our waitress was phenomenal. She was so witty, sweet, and funny. We came with friends that recommended the place and had dined here previously. This was our first time here and we will definitely be back. I had the chilean sea bass and completely cleared my plate. We all enjoyed our meal and cocktails so much so of course we had to end the night with dessert. The bread pudding was ahhmazing. 

We stayed pretty late and never felt rushed. Our waitress had the best timing. Cant wait to come back!!笑
I really wanted to like this place but i had an awful first experience, and that's enough to turn me off.  Yep, i had the dreaded, HAIR IN MY SOUP!  Then the staff looked at me like it was my fault.  WTF, take it away and comp it.  Don't you dare try to not take full responsibility.  It can happen, i understand, but it's your job to make it right.笑
The place, as all FRC is really nice.

The food, as all FRC is meh. 

The avocado toast was pretty good, though. With a hint of smoked flavor was really interesting.

The short rib was fair but nothing memorable.

There's a coffee bar inside the place which adds a nice touch. The Butcher was good.

I had also a home made soda (pineapple) which was really tasteful. 

Be aware that this place is a little pricey for what you get.

I talked to a friend of mine about this place and she said that when she went there were bugs everywhere. When she said that I remembered that while I was waiting for my friend I saw a tiny spider descending and landing right at my table. Yes, I wacked it. Shame on me.

If you don't expect much food wise, this is a really nice place.

Cheers笑
I really enjoyed the patio seating around this time of the year. Combination of Food and Drink menu kept me coming back, bringing visitors from out of town...until this time, I made a reservation via Opentable.com for out door patio. When I showed up, unfortunately there was a struggle with getting the patio table with the hostess. She stated that it couldn't be "reserved" and she could only offer the inside. Interestingly, there were at least 3 other opens tables were opened in the patio as we finally were seated outside. Moreover, one of the table had a "reserved" sign on it. It was really a confusing system. It was rather a frustrating experience! If this fox-concept place keeps this up, I can also help to spread the words...There are many other places can offer the same, patio, good food and drinks.笑
This places is super cute and a must for coffee snobs. It's like walking into a European fancy hotel at first with subtle shades of blue and mustard vintage couches. Swoon.

I had a large wildflower which was a vanilla based latte it was smooth and well made. The scramble was not that exciting for the price --forewarn the food here esp breakfast is a bit steep ...I would have liked the scramble to come with fruit and a piece of toast.笑
Breakfast is good but dinner is not worthwhile.  If you want a savory bread, go to Beckett's Table for the bacon cheddar biscuits.  My boyfriend and I agreed we like those much better than the popovers here.  If you want bread pudding, City Grille's is better than what we got here.  Just wasn't worth the cost.笑
Another great find in Phoenix.  Came here for brunch on Sunday. Nice, open decor, friendly attentive wait staff and a great fresh and diverse new American menu. I have the quinoa tacos, came stuffed with a roasted corn and black beans, cotija cheese, stopped with a smoke avocado guac -- so yummy; side of delicious white bean salad.  Hubby had the triple decker club sandwich, fresh ingredients and delicious. Sis had the bagel sandwich with smoked lox, cream cheese and all of the accoutrements.  Great salads and variety of soups and sandwiches.  Can't go wrong with this restaurant.笑
I had been looking forward to trying The Henry for quite some time.  Unfortunately, the visit didn't live up to expectations.  

Our server seemed somewhat awkward with her recommendations, but I remained optimistic.  We started off with the duck confit flatbread, and found that the duck was extremely salty.  The date portions were very large and my husband found a pit on one of his slices.

We ordered the shortribs and black cod between the two of us.  Although, I thought the black cod had delicious flavor, it was, again, too salty.  The shortribs were very tender and the texture was perfect, but it lacked depth of flavor, and in this case, lacked salt.  

Between dinner and ordering dessert, our waitress actually spilled my fig and mule cocktail.  I told her that it wasn't necessary to replace the drink because I would be ordering wine with dessert but when the check came, she hadn't take off any of the drinks, including the drink she spilled.  
We ordered the peanut butter banana cake, which was tasty, but seemed a little disjointed with the room temp cake with frozen chocolate bananas on top.  The best part of my meal was the glass of '11 leviathan red blend that I had with dessert.  

Overall, loved the ambiance, decor, and ease of getting our table with our reservation. Disappointed with the server and lack of recognition of her mistakes with the meal.  Also, would have expected more with the meal in general; seasonings were off.  I would be willing to try again for breakfast/brunch.笑
Happy hour at the Henry is always a good choice- especially in April on the patio. HH short menu is only served at the bar, high tops and outside on the patio. Highlight items: guacamole- they have a fresh take with corn and tangerine mixed in with chunks of avocado and cheese. The chips are oversized and crispy; it's a great shareable item. The shrimp dish is well seasoned and comes in a quantity of four. Served with cocktail sauce and a spicy, mayo-based but well flavored sauce. We also ordered a toast that had artichoke spread on it- very tasty right out of the gate, but don't let it sit without eating it for too long. As for cocktails, they offer $6 happy hour wine pours and have a good selection! Angeline Sauv Blanc is one of my favorites and is on HH. They also offer a beer list, if that's your game. My company also ordered an Old Fashion, which looked amazing. Service was just decent, but I'll always come back.笑
Don't understand what the hype is about.  Poached sea bass was very disappointing. Scallops  were nothing special, a bit salty.  The salmon appetizer was yummy, just didn't care for the mustard after taste.  the peanut butter banana cake was OK.  Their Coffee was pretty darn good, I had The Butcher without the cream.  Over priced menu for an average experience. =/
This place does attract some beautiful people though, so a great place to go out for a drink and mingle for sure.笑
This is a good place to sit and work if you have taken the time to dress up and shower. So like most places. Sorry to say but I wish their green tea was sweeter - fortunately/unfortunately this is NOT Starbucks. Heard they also serve dinner and lunch and other stuff here but, I just went here to have a deep conversation and it served it's purpose in this regard.笑
My group had a great experience overall at The Henry. We dine out a lot, and we're picky about food. We were initially concerned after looking at the menu that there weren't enough choices. But we were wrong. The food was flavorful, and I loved the dish I ordered. The atmosphere is perfect for a Saturday night out, it was lively, comfortable and almost felt like a modern speak-easy. I felt like I was at a bar restaurant back East. I personally loved the coffee bar too.

I think our good experience was also attributed to our waiter Luis. He was patient with all of our questions, answered every question carefully, made sure we were happy with our meals, made suggestions based on our needs, and then allowed us to sit and talk after our meal without rushing us out. This is a rare experience in the restaurant industry. 

Amazing food, first-rate service, another win for Fox Restaurants.笑
I have been here 3 times so far and each time I've really enjoyed it.  I've been to brunch twice and ordered the carrot pancakes (yum!) and another time I had the eggs with kale. Both dishes were outstanding. Another time, for lunch,  I ordered the quinoa tacos and cleaned my plate!  The staff is wonderful and service impeccable. I have the decor of the restaurant as well.  It always seems to be crowded when I go there. I recommend this place and look forward to returning to try more items on the menu.笑
Great place and great food. I took my wife here for the first time and she loves  the food and their price were not that high. I will be coming here again.  my server by the name of Jody he's an awesome dude did a great job made us felt like we were home!! Thank you笑
Pretty cool spot especially if you need to get work done. The food is really great as well. The chop salad is very very good. The place has been around for a long time. Great lunch spot check it out !!笑
This was my second time here. The first time I went in for dinner when it first opened. It was packed and we ended up sitting at the bar. I ordered the only vegetarian entree at the time and the cheddar popovers. The ambiance, service, drinks, and food were A-OK that night. Fast-forward to a year and a half later, the place was still completely packed but for breakfast on a Wednesday! Luckily I ordered ahead for pick-up. I could not find any parking, which seems to always be an issue (the reason for the 4 stars). As I drove away, I told myself I would not be back due to the craziness of people in there and the no parking situation. However, as I get back to my office and take one bite of the Quinoa Breakfast Burrito and a sip of my Iced Wildflower coffee, I change my mind immediately. This was the best burrito of my life! It didn't need the salsa that came with it and it was big enough where I only needed to eat half of it to be satisfied. I'll deal with parking any day to have such a tasty breakfast!笑
I would give this place 3.5 stars :) We made reservations for 7:15 walked in & were seated promptly the staff is good looking & friendly it had a cool vibe , nice decor comfortable layout we started out ordering the short rib potstickers yum !!!! I ordered the Korean skirt steak it was cooked just how I asked & delicious the pozu it was served with has a very spicy kick but amazing flavor :) my husband ordered the buttermilk fried chicken sand which  very tasty !!!! It came with a side of fries those were gross and soggy :( the service was ok really friendly server but was not the most attentive when it came to refills or taking plates away & we had to ask for the check but all in all a good dining experience :) I am looking forward to trying this place for lunch next time .笑
enjoyable food. good atmosphere. a little slow on the staff.笑
This place was very fun to have dinner.  Uber trendy, great food (I had the chicken, a must have with mac and cheese), has a killer whisky list and an amazing craft drink selection.  You must try both of the mules they offer.  Fun coffee shop on the way out for the ride home too.笑
This place has a great look to it and it is a great central location. The menu is kinda limited and a bit overpriced and the restaurant is really loud. 
Some of the drinks and food is really good but I think if this wasn't a Fox restaurant no one would go here.笑
The thing we stumble upon when we live so far family and not able to celebrate mother's day with your family, but we have good friends we can spend time with. That's what happened on Mother's day, my friend, who came all the way from New York (trying to fake NY accent ) and me trying to explore Phoenix as much as possible within three days period. I've always wanted to try The Henry and now it is my chance.
We booked our reservation and came in a little bit early (cause I was a little bit too excited and was hungry also ). It was confusing where we should go for the check. It took about 3 minutes for a hostess to check us in and show our seats. The ambience of this restaurant is just surreal. The decor on the wall, the open bar and the one thing I'm excited about is the OPEN kitchen. I can tell you the lights in the restaurant were very dim to give out the romantic chill vibe. At some point, all the lights turned very bright and it was very awkward to not to look at other customers eating beside us. Anyway, we were greeted by our server and she told us for our drinks. We told her it is our first time here, and asked her what she would recommend on the drink menu. I don't drink alcohol so she recommended this berry mixed sparkling drink and my friend ordered the Fig Moscow Mule. For the food, we ordered White truffle fries with parmesan cheese, I ordered Braised Short Rib and he ordered Wood Grilled Pork Chop. The fries came out and looked more like a whole entree itself because it was a lot of fries. It came with truffle aioli and a regular ketchup to dip on the side. You must try these fries because it is very good. Crunchy, not too greasy and have this slight truffle taste in it. The Fig Moscow is also a must have when you come to The Henry. However, my friend told me there wasn't enough fig taste to it and the drink was a little on the diluted side. Our entree took quite sometimes to come out and you'll see it won't disappoint you with your expectations. My Short Rib was little crispy on the outside from the caramelize and it just melted in my mouth. It was like butter. I don't really care much for the mashed potatoes, it was good also. The mushrooms were little bit salty for my liking. The Wood grilled pork chop was the star during our dine in. It was magnificent. There was light pink through out the whole pork chop, it was so tender and juicy. We kept wondering how can they keep the pork chop so juicy and it is wood grill. We were lucky when our server told us she could ask the Chef to talk to us if we want. So it was the highlight of our night when Chef Josh greeted us and told us his secret of making the dish. I was surprised that the hostility was so wonderful, beyond my imaginations. We weren't able to finish our fries cause we stuffed our belly with these excellent entree. Yet we can't live without trying the desert so my friend let me order Lemon Meringue Tart for us to share. I wanted to try their famous bread pudding but I know I wont able to finish it. So I ordered tart so it can be lighter. It was creamy, sweet and very tart. It makes me feel not so bad for eating the whole heavy entree after all! Our evening was so wonderful and I can't wait to come back in the near future to try other awesome dishes.笑
So, let me say I think this is a great place for drinks with friends.  If you want a superb dinner with excellent food, start at the Henry and move on to one of the terrific restaurants in the Arcadia corridor.  My friend and I ordered the cheddar popovers and were disappointed as there were was hardly a trace of cheddar.  For my entree I had the Mediterranean Branzino.  It was tasty, however I found it a tad too buttery (if that's possible) and thought it a bit rich.  Worth $28?  Nah, don't think so.  For dessert we had a peanut butter banana concoction which was good.  I had a mixed cocktail and it was really great and my friend ordered the Riesling which she loved.   I do love the ambience with the bakery/cafe in the front and the booth we sat at was comfortable and spacious.  Again, wonderful place for a happy hour, or as some other reviewers have had great experiences with brunch, maybe that's an option. I would go back with friends for a few cocktails, but leave the food to another place.笑
Pretentious, over priced, and snooty. Since I live in Arcadia and have tried most resturants in the area, I thought to try this place. We were a party of 7 so I called ahead. I was advised that no reservations were necessary, however, when we arrived all heads turned. Perhaps b/c we were a diverse ethnic party? We were told the wait was 45 minutes, even though seating was available. We walked out...and won't be back.笑
Unfortunately this trip wasn't better than the last - if  possibly worse.

Boyfriend and friends hadn't been here yet and wanted to have a visit and a nice dinner. I was reluctant but I knew I needed to get back here for them to redeem themselves from my last visit. 

I love their patio. It was great to have the opportunity to enjoy it on a nice night. Our server came over to us immediately and took our drink orders which was nice. One of our friends took a bit longer to decide what she wanted so you would think that he would grab the 3 other drinks and check back in a few....well 20 minutes later he came back and took her drink order and 10 minutes after that we all got our drinks - just the three of us...After we got our drinks, he tried to go do something else but we had to tell him that we wanted to order apps -I mean we had 30 minutes at this point to look over the menu. When our apps came out is when the last of us got our drinks. That was my first annoyance of the night. By the way, we didn't have silverware or napkins and had to ask someone else for them. When this random brought it over, he brought over 4 sets of silverware with one napkin....I had to get up and go get the napkins for the rest of the table.

We ordered the chicken and the egg app and our friends had the artichoke app. Normally, I don't like huge portions and actually love small plates but this appetizer was so small! There were two small bites of chicken, probably a quarter of a cup of stuffing and the egg. What makes me so mad is that I loved it! It tasted great but it drives me up a wall when you pay a decent amount for a small amount of food -and don't get me wrong, I am all about quality over quantity, but this was pushing it for me. Our friends enjoyed their dish but had the same complaint.

For my entree I had the Korean skirt steak with fried rice and green beans. Boyfriend had the pork chop, friend 1 had the peanut covered bass and friend 2 had one of the veggie dishes which I can't remember. The portions sizes on this were perfect and everyone enjoyed the food. It was really good. The fish tasted too fishy to me but friend 1 loved it so don't worry about that.

Since the portions were large, we had some leftovers and asked for them to be boxed up and in the meantime to receive the bill. Well we certainly received the bill but waited for a while for our leftovers.....that never came! They threw out our leftovers. I know shit happens but it was just icing on the cake for me. I asked to talk to a manager and he was very sweet and offered to cook us up more food, but at 8pm on a Sunday, you want to be able to fall into food coma, not wait longer. I appreciated him offering us more food but my intention wasn't to get anything for free, just to let him know the issues with the service and he took them kindly. 

I think its really hard to go and spend $90 per couple (beer and wine included in that price) and have service like that. I know they are knew, I know there are kinks, but in my mind, a Fox Concepts restaurant that has a million places already going and successful should have service kinks like that worked out. 

Since the entrees were good, boyfriend really wants to return. Again I am reluctant to go back for a while but we shall see. I really want to like this place - everywhere else in Arcadia is awesome.笑
Literally took our 2 year anniversary trip to Phoenix to go to the Fox Concept restaurants. This did not disappoint. If true food and hillstone had a baby and elevated it, then it would be this restaurant. Simply top notch. Very sad there are none of these in Vegas or LA! The turkey French dip and kale slaw was amazing. So fresh and so different. Highly recommend. The bread melts in your mouth. Sam Fox does it once again! If I lived on the area it would be impossible not to be a regular here. A+笑
I respect Sam Fox for his creative and diverse restaurants and so was looking forward to experiencing his latest: The Henry. On a whim, I took my Valentine there yesterday (Valentine's Day), no reservation, 6pm. We were immediately able to be seated on the front patio, which is first come first serve. The inner and outer decor were equally impressive; personally this is my favorite design theme out of any Sam Fox concept. Our waitress was nice and all the service was excellent. But unfortunately, the food was sub-par. 

Beginning with the kale and garlic dip, this was definitely the best dish we had. Above average. Next the artichoke hearts were a very small portion and decent. The Brussel Sprout Caesar was disappointing and I couldn't even eat my overly-saucy, overly salty mushroom tortellini. To their credit, the waitress noticed I hadn't touched the entree and immediately removed it from the bill. While this was an appreciatively kind gesture, it still didn't make up for how both my honey and I wound up with stomach aches and had to go to bed. Not a romantic end to our Valentine's at The Henry..笑
Staff was very friendly. There was something for everyone on the menu options. Coffee drinks and cocktails were all well balanced and delicious.笑
Net:  Clearly trendy, popular lunch location with excellent food.

Food:  Wife had ahi tuna salad and I had salmon salad.  Two of the best salads we've had.  Absolutely high-quality, and tasted excellent.  Original and unique flavors.  Portions were a bit on the small side, but not overly so.

Price:  Reasonable for sit-down service in the Scottsdale area.   $70 for 3 people for lunch.

Atmosphere:  Trendy, vibrant.  Not very quiet... lots of different formats (bars w. stools, couches, tables, booths) inside and outside seating.  Feels like a bustling Starbucks.

Service:  Friendly, quick and went above and beyond what one expects (gave us a refill on our drinks to go in disposable cups).笑
The Henry is not what one would expect.  It's a very relaxed but intimate setting.  Like their sign says, it's a neighborhood restaurant, but provides good food and great service.

Last night we were treated to superior service by Matthew.  It was obvious he enjoyed his job, and made us feel welcome in the restaurant.  He was pleasant, and his tempo of conversation and dinner flow was not contrived or forced, as what we experienced at Lon's at the Hermosa the previous weekend (see review).  Matthew could, and should, give the waitstaff at Lon's a refresher course in hospitality immediately!  

As for the "libations",  a term that I love and it's hardly used, were very well made.  My husband ordered the Old Fashioned, which was stiff and well mixed.  He commented on the very dense cherry.  I had a Malbec. What stepped up the service level was that Matthew made sure we were happy with our selections, and if not, would have offered us another choice.

Dinner portions were just right, not too much, but not overwhelmingly gigantic, which I find as a way a restaurant compensates for using sub par ingredients in exchange for large portions.  My roasted chicken dinner was simple but tasty.  The brussel sprouts were nicely cooked, maybe a tad too salty.  My husband's bolognese sauce with home made pasta was very good.

Since it was a birthday celebration, we were treated by the house with a dessert of choice.  The bread pudding was delightful, warm and decadent.

The following day my husband commented again how he enjoyed his experience at The Henry, and especially Matthew's attentive skills.  It really soured our experience at Lon's to another level!

We will be back again, and hopefully get to see Matthew again!  We found out he has been a server for a long time, enjoys walking patrons through the menu and proud of the culinary creations and experimentations that The Henry and FRC provides.  He took the time to chat with us, and sharing tidbits of his life, albeit without a tone of rushing through.

To The Henry, please keep up what you're doing.  So far, this is now our favorite of the FRC options!笑
Fox does it again....

You might like this place. I thought it was really good. The atmosphere was different and what I would call comfortable elegance. I felt as if I was nestled in a nice library in someone's home. Love the high ceiling. Kind of an odd location but once you're inside you forget where you are.

I had a chai lemonade ginger soda. Be sure to stir it up before you drink. Food was also good. The owners go out and pick their own tomatoes for the salad I had! I also shared the turkey French dip and it was fresh and fabulous.

I liked it because there is a full beautiful bar dining and sitting area on one side and then on the other side it is  more of a coffee soda bakery kind of environment.

HH everyday 4-6.  Breakfast, Lunch and Dinner. Also a coffee bar and pastries open regular business hours. 

What I found to be a little wonky was the open space on the very far west side of the establishment. Very different atmosphere. There is a television where you can watch sports. There's lots if empty tables scattered awkwardly and brighter lights.

Food for though Fox... You might consider having live music in that area...... Perhaps a coffee house featuring smooth jazz or acoustic, Spanish guitar...Plenty of good musicians looking to play for their supper, perform and be heard by patrons out for an evening of relaxation.

Or maybe you're transforming that area into a pizza parlor .....keep on truckin'....;-)

Overall with the exception of the far west side of the establishment The Henry is definitely worth a look. Parking can be a little precarious but can be found. I can say with confidence you'll find a space to settle in at The Henry.

http://www.foxrc.com/restaurants/the-henry/笑
Disappointed for the first time at a Fox Restaurant.  I brought in a party of 12 for a work function.  I have raved about The Henry so they were looking forward to my recommendation.   Several of the items that we wanted to order were not available.  The Grilled and Chilled shrimp, Tuna, and NY Steaks were all out.  It was a very busy Wednesday night but this was very disappointing.  The Restaurant was also extremely warm and my guests all complained of how uncomfortable the evening was.笑
I was excited to try this place for my sister's graduation brunch. My Mom ordered their Carrot Cake Pancakes, I ordered the Caramel Apple French Toast, my sister ordered something from the dinner menu as well as the Smoked Norwegian
Salmon. Everything looking amazing, it wasn't until I started eating that I started feeling funny. I'm allergic to nuts, so I came to the conclusion that something from another dish must have gotten into mine. I told the waitress about it and she offered to take the french toast off the bill. 

I'm still giving this place 4 stars because my mom and sister both said it was the best food they have had in a while - but if you have allergies just make sure you inform your waiter or you may have the same issue.笑
Delish! Came here for sunday brunch and snagged a spot at the bar. Service was great. Had some tropical cocktail and the fig mule, both were great. Popovers with ham butter are super tasty..and come on...ham butter! Shared the chicken fried chicken and the biscuits were amazing. Will definitely come back.笑
I am somewhat conflicted on my feelings of The Henry. I've been there several times, and was pleased with most aspects. The lunch menu has some nice choices, and I was turned onto the Kale and Apple salad by one of the staff. Admittedly, I eat far too much crap, so adding the salad to my diet a few times a week is probably a good thing. Service for lunch was solid, no complaints.

Another time I sat on my lunch break and did some work on their WiFi, which was a bit slow, but hey, it's free. I ordered a coffee that was quite good, and the employee was more than happy to chat with me about some of the nicer cars in the parking lot. Good dude, and made good coffee. Definitely a fan of the coffee bar there.

The liquor menu is pretty diverse, and has some harder to find stuff on it, which is nice. They're lacking both Macallan and Highland Park though, which are must haves as far as I am concerned. I had a glass of the Yamazaki 18 there recently, which had nice flavor and complexity, but I'm definitely still a scotch guy. Nevertheless, the rise of Japanese whiskey is still relatively new, so it was cool to see it on the menu.

One thing that does bother me is that the higher ups appear to ride the employees pretty hard. My friends and I were getting lunch, and all noticed that the staff seemed to tense up when a manager would walk by. My server was killing it with our service, but I noticed he got pulled aside and chewed out for something. I've seen a few other people get grilled too. Granted, I don't work there or know what it's like for the managers, but the added tension when they're hovering around can be a bit uncomfortable. They've got a solid staff, let them do their thing.

I've generally been a fan of most of the Fox Concepts, but The Henry just seems like it's run too tight for my taste. The place has a ton of potential though.

Oh, and apparently breakfast ends at 10 and lunch doesn't start until 11, and in between neither menu is technically available to order from. You're essentially in food limbo for an hour. Who the hell though that was a good idea?笑
I have been looking forward to dining here since they opened and have seen my friend's rave reviews. Finally got the chance on October 15th for my belated birthday dinner with my beau. Everything was perfection! We were seated right away for our 8:30pm reservation. We were sat at a roomy booth which was perfect for my BF to finish up some work on his laptop. Our server Luci was great! It was her 1st night serving on her own (without a trainer) and she was a gem! Very knowledgeable about the wine and food menu. Fabulous job Luci!

We shared the Smoked Norwegian Salmon appetizer, I had the Roasted Rosemary Chicken with cauliflower "polenta" and brussels sprouts and my BF had the Korean Style Skirt Steak. It was all wonderful! We shared the German Chocolate Flourless Cake, which was just OK (I wasn't expecting it to be spectacular without flour...the BF has to eat gluten-free, though) and Salted Caramel Ice Cream...delish! Also had 2 specialty coffees with dessert.

A wonderful dining experience from start to finish and added to our "Favorite Restaurants" list!笑
We came here for lunch. The ambiance and crowd is the best part, as the food was solid but not spectacular. The much hyped popovers came out room temperature and the butters that accompany it were not that good.笑
Another great Fox Restaurant concept! Cute restaurant, nice atmosphere and good service. So far, I've been here once for dinner and once for breakfast. For dinner, I had the chopped salad - very good but a little heavy. There were a lot of items on the breakfast menu I'd like to try - I had the egg white turkey omelette, really good but if you're like me and you're ordering it because it has avocado, ask for extra. There is just a small amount of smashed avocado on top of the omelet. 

The patio is really nice - as of last weekend, they didn't have umbrellas out there yet, so dress for the heat if you're sitting outside. 

It looks like they have a good happy hour but they only have it available in the bar area - and even when I got there mid-week a little after 5:00, it was already full. 
Would definitely recommend making a reservation - this place can get packed.笑
My favorite entree is the Korean skirt steak. Yum! Also, the Henry also has some of the best coffee in town. The ambience and service is second to none! I just took some guests that were in town to the Henry, and they could not stop asking if they could go back. This is high praise from people who live in Beverly Hills.

This place is worth the wait, and I highly recommend that you try the Henry.笑
This place is a must. Their garlic Bloody Mary's are unparalleled. Their breakfast is amazing. You won't regret anything you order.笑
Love this place, their fresh squeezed grapefruit juice is probably one of the best I've had in a while, the place is relaxing, alive and refreshing, perfect spot for brunch.笑
It's a feast for the eyes and appetite

The Henry treated my friends and I last night.  We met up for a Thursday evening outing.  We arrived at 7:30 or so and it was busy, but not packed.  We got 3 seats at the bar and were served promptly.  After we ordered our drinks we had a chance to take in the decor which was hipster friendly.  It's a southern themed homey place that resembles a plantation house from the outside.  The people when we arrived were in their 20's, early 30's but as the night went on the crowd thinned out and the crowd became older.  The service was great, but I was a little disappointed that they ran out of their ginger glazed black cod entree.  They must have had a real run on it as it was only 7:45 when they ran out.  Instead, I had the roasted chicken, which was moist and delicious.  The mac and cheese was a little disappointing, but the smashed garlic potato was a hit.  The texture was perfect, slightly cream, and it was  delicious.  The place cleared out about 10 pm, but it was a school night.  I'd definitely recommend The Henry as a good place for happy hour or dinner.  

Summary: Available food is great, service is great, a good location for happy hour and early dinner.笑
There isn't a single thing on the menu that will fail you! Roasted chicken with Mac n cheese and mashed potatoes is the best! The chicken is so tender and the best chicken over ever had!笑
Don't let the trendiness of this place scare you off. Everything we ate here was great. I planned on having matzo ball soup and a choc dessert with marshmellows on top. They had neither that night so we settled for corn beef sandwich, popover appetizers (Yum!). They even offered free flour-less choc cake since they had just taken off the dessert we came for. 
The corn beef was the REAL thing pickled
Somewhere in Phoenix (not Boars head) and was delicious. Warning - don't let them put
Their dressing on it (mayo on corn beef is
Sacrilege), just ask mustard on the side. 
The popovers were melt in yr melt with 2
Infused butter choices that came with it. 
The flour-less choc cake which I usually find too dense was wonderful!  Not too sweet or dense. 
Service was superb. Just make reservations and you won't have a wait.笑
Oh em gee, I literally think that I could eat the Turkey Chopped salad every day and not get sick of it! It was absolutely delicious. The salad was loaded with turkey, tomatoes, grilled corn {the best part!}, asparagus, basil, avocado, blue cheese {I subbed feta} and the most amazing croutons. I came here to work today and loved the relaxed vibe during the afternoon, between 2-5. If you have a mobile workspace, I completely recommend coming here to work + order the Turkey Chopped for lunch!! I guarantee that your day will be productive! ;) Free Wifi too!笑
Love this place!! Consistent, service is always great and we always forget to make a reservation and they get our 4-5 person family seated with minimal wait. The short ribs are my fav! Never have I had a problem here ever!笑
I have been to the coffee bar and then today for breakfast. I love the coffee bar, with their selection of pastries and cute places to sit inside and out. The restaurant also is very cute with a great atmosphere. It is a little fancy in a way I'm not sure if I like. The service and food for the restaurant were ok, not amazing. I had the apple French Toast, which was good but needed something else, maybe whipped cream. We even asked and they said they don't have any whipped cream in the kitchen (?). Don't they serve hot chocolate? Or don't they cook with cream? You just whip it. Anyway, the kids' breakfast was done well and was a good value, and the servers were nice to the kids which is always a plus. I will definitely want to try this place for dinner. So far, like it, but not terribly impressed.笑
Sam Fox seriously has a monopoly when it comes to restaurants in the Phoenix area. When researching dining in Scottsdale, his renown concepts were always the first to pop up. The Henry is one of his newer restaurants and is well received judging by its popularity and wait times. Fortunately, I was able to easily snag a seat at the bar and watch the restaurant in action. 

It's spacious with couches indoors for lounging, a large outdoor patio, and a coffee shop. The servers are helpful, friendly, and quick to provide suggestions if you need. I was able to stay a while without feeling rushed by anyone to leave. 

I started the evening out with an Old Fashioned made with Angel's Envy, which was not too sweet and beautifully presented. They have a good whiskey selection and one of the bartenders gave me a tasting of Orphan Barrel rye on the house! Their food menu has an array of options from small bites to steaks. I ordered the avocado toast and a side of brussels sprouts. The brussels sprouts were fantastic- crispy, fresh, and flavorful. The avocado toast was decent but lacking in a certain spice and would be better served with goat cheese over queso fresco. I rounded out the night with a delicious Regan's Final Word (rye, chartreuse, luxardo) to complete the experience. 

I really appreciated the great service at the Henry and the overall atmosphere and would definitely go back in the future.笑
This place has amazing decor and ambiance; it's a big place with many interesting seating options and showcases it's chefs with an open kitchen. The wait staff are helpful in finding the right cocktail for you. The burger is very tasty as well as the truffle fries and the apple kale slaw. The brussel sprout cesar salad was good but a little heavy on cheese and dressing and a little monotonous without the protein option. Great food overall, can tell they make their everything high quality and fresh. I might rate this place $$$ instead of $$ just FYI. A shared appetizer, two burgers (cheaper option) and shared dessert with drinks and coffee for 2 was about $100.笑
4 Stars for the design, ambiance and service... 3  for the food.  Not feeling like rounding up to 4 starts . 

A friend and I came in on a Saturday evening, we arrived and were seated in the main dining room quickly.  Our first visit we were determined to try and share a variety of dishes to get a good feel of the menu.  We started with drinks I ordered the Ginger Cooler (which was bold and flavorful).  Going for a 3-4 course affair we started with the popovers (lured in by the ham butter on top of the fact they are popovers, I am a big popover fan).   They came out quickly ...I am not used to this for popovers. Leary I touched the popover to find it barely warm.  The plate they were served on seemed warmer.  We advised the waiter and they brought out (just as quickly) another pair.  A little warmer.  Ok, I guess this is their thing.  The ham butter was good but the herb butter was our favorite.  The rich full flavor of the butter and the distinct fresh herb flavor really picked up the warmish popovers. 

 Next we tried the Roasted Brussels Sprout Cesar.  The Cesar dressing was spot on, with a lovely present anchovy flavor and was not like a creamy ranch like dressing as done in so many places anymore. I wished for a bit more brussel sprout and a little less romaine lettuce.  

The main course was tough to decide upon.  We finally went for the Gemelli pasta with bacon.  Now this was a total comfort food, pasta cooked to perfect al dente, rich smooth cream sauce and large chunks of ham/bacon.  I would go back for this.  

When it came time for dessert we asked the question, (based on what we had thus far which we overall considered just ok),"Was it worth getting/trying? "  We decided to pass on dessert.  

We absolutely loved the decor and ambiance, while i do see myself returning in the future it is not something I am rushing to get back to all that soon.笑
This Henry will literally serve you at any seat in there establishment. We had neglected making reservations and called while we were on our way. They told us they would be able to find room. When we got there the place was hopping and they explained that we could sit outside, in the lobby, or at a high top in the bar. We sat outside and a server arrived promptly to take our drink and appetizer order (the cheddar popovers and a beer). I order the C. B. & Rye. It had a large portion of corn beef and the rye was nice and crispy. The cabbage and onions balanced the while thing out.

Overall, the service and food were excellent. We would love to come back and experience the indoor ambiance. This was a great place to celebrate our anniversary. I would recommend it.笑
I love this place.  Meals are good, coffee is amazing, ambiance is great and the service is consistent.   I love the space, it's good during the day for reading, working, meeting friends or grabbing coffee.   Their private rooms are awesome for dinner parties.  I continue to come back...  it's awesome.笑
This place is stylish & swanky, love the Moscow Mule!  Great service atmosphere.笑
Rarely does this happen...but we loved everything! We shared the spare rib pot stickers, the Brussel sprout Caesar, the kale dip, and each had the skirt steak with fried rice. Seriously everything was incredible. Delicious old fashioneds too...and I ended my meal with a whiskey and cream beverage! Beautiful space, super good service, absolutely incredible food. Well come here again next Time in Scottsdale!笑
Place is great.  Nice set up, staff was pleasant. Steak was delicious! Ordered steak and it was beyond delicious! Definitely will be coming back a few more times!笑
Perfect restaurant for a date night! Delicious food and amazing drinks! I highly recommend the moscow mule. One of my favorites!笑
As my daughter said, "This is our new favorite brunch place." Everything was wonderful - the ambience, the service, the food and the coffee. The caramel apple pancakes were delicious! Loved the kids menu too. The potatoes were fantastic. And my daughter loved the healthy choices. She had the quinoa wrap with egg whites. A rare place that lived up to the hype.笑
Came here with a group and ordered most of the appetizers. The potstickers and guacamole are AMAZING. I ordered the skirt steak with fried rice, and oh man... I was not disappointed. I was actually pleasantly surprised by how great it was! Arnold Palmer was great and next time I need to try their signature drinks. Love the decor and can't wait to come back. I've heard the coffee is fabulous too.笑
Great food, great service! The atmosphere is homy and welcoming, yet upscale and classy. Fox did a great job accomplishing this. The managers are helpful to staff and customers & the hostesses are extremely nice. Aj was my server. He was very friendly and professional. I told him to surprise me with his favorite coffee and dessert. He made great suggestions! The dessert was rich and tasty. The coffee was refreshing. I will definitely go back again soon and recommend it for any occasion.笑
Went in for breakfast on Sunday 3/1/15. The food was excellent (carrot cake pancakes), however service was quite poor. We sat at the table waiting for a server, finally asked the bartender if there was a server or if we had to line up to order. He pitched in. Our server finally arrived taking our order. The coffee arrived with the meal, odd for breakfast. My water glass was filled, my wife's was ignored. She asked for water to be refilled and waited five minutes. No spoons or sugar when coffee was served. My wife stirred her coffee with her knife!  Seeing this the server asked if she wanted a new knife (how about a spoon?). We could only vote with our tipping, which sadly was only about 10%. Great food, horrible service.笑
This place is awesome. I had the best iced coffee that I have ever had here. Had a very tasty brunch here this morning. I had a breakfast sandwich which was delicious. The decor and details in this restaurant are just incredible. Love this place.笑
Such a great experience. The fiancé and I haven't been out on a date in a while and this was the perfect spot to go to. 

Nice location. Nice structure. Interior design and decor is cute (as she would say) and sophisticated. Food and service was absolutely amazing. 

Everything we ordered was great. We seem to love starting our meals with dips and their Kale and Garlic Dip was an awesome pick. Served with pita, which you can't go wrong with, and wheat crackers, which I thought complimented the flavors of the dip really well. For our entrees, we ordered the Korean Style Steak and the Braised Short Rib. Both were phenomenal. (Note: Our waiter was excellent in describing the entrees. His descriptions were mouth-watering!) The Korean steak was served with fried green beans over vegetable fried rice. It actually had some hints of Vietnamese and Thai flavors, but that just added to how much we loved it. The braised rib was really amazing. I was very impressed with how it was prepared. Already off the bone, and the meat just slides off with each bite. Everything it was served with were perfect, especially the bits of blue cheese. 

Drinks selection is quite decent. There were several beers to choose from and the wine list seemed pretty standard for high-end restaurants. In addition is their House Browns. It's a selection of different whiskeys from different regions of the world. We are both whiskey drinkers and practicing connoisseurs (hah!) so we enjoyed that. 

Again, service was awesome. Welcoming host and friendly waiter who was very knowledgable about the contents of the menu. When my fiancé ordered whiskey and he saw that she didn't really like what she ordered, he immediately offered to replace it with a glass of another type. 

Sure it's a bit pricey, but I hope you are aware of that before you walk in. I have nothing negative to say about The Henry. Loved it there!笑
Generally, I am unimpressed with FRC restaurants and have had subpar experiences. Not so at The Henry. Overall, the newest addition to the group wowed myself and out entire group.  Food was above average, service was above average and the cocktails stood out for sure (their version of a Moscow Mule is delish!) 

There were 5 in our group, and we all ordered various meat entrees (I can't speak for the apps myself but my friends were all ohh-ing and ahh-ing over the cheese popovers, Swedish meatball, & chicken and the egg. I am on a stupid diet that doesn't allow any of that fun stuff).  I had the porkchop with cauliflower polenta and chard.  I was surprised by the size of the entree and how perfectly it was cooked.  I ate every last bite and tried the short rib as well which I probably would have ordered if I did it over again.  Maybe next time. 

The menu seems to be more varied and extensive than other FRCs I've been to, which is nice.

I would love to go back for brunch!笑
Good HH ... drinks are great, bartenders are cool and the food is good too but more appetizer 
options might be a good idea.笑
The food was good I ordered from coffee shop, nothing crazy just a grilled cheese. The place it's self is nice however if you don't come in looking expensive no one greets you and the customers are super stuck up and look you up and down... environment sucks major!笑
5 stars for atmosphere 2 for breakfast food so it averages out to a 3.


I absolutely love the vibe and style of this place. Will definitely come back and try the happy hour/dinner and see if their non breakfast foods are better.

Breakfast left us a bit flat.笑
Have so many positive things to say about this place- it's got great food, very cool decor, curler people, friendly bartenders and good relaxed vibe overall. But here's why I want to give them 10 stars: I left my wallet on the bar. I called them in a panic from the airport and they had already found it. I had 20 minutes to get checked in and was about to miss my flight! And the manager jumped in his car and had my wallet to me 15 minutes later!!! They saved me and really cared that I was about to be stuck! I am grateful to them forever. Cannot wait to go back next time I am in town. Run, don't walk to this restaurant and leave them big tips and great reviews! They deserve it!!! And try the quinoa tacos!笑
Really bad first impression. 

Drove 40 minutes to try their breakfast and was told it didn't start for 2 hours. 

So when you say breakfast what you really mean is lunch. 
 
But I'm an understanding guy. Obviously this wasn't their fault it was just a mixup, no big deal. 

I waited 30 minutes in line for a coffee that I could've gotten it at any other coffee shop. 

I guess my only quip is this:

It was so loud in here. 

You cannot fathom the immense collection of hippie, yuppie, trendy, self righteous douchery that congests here.

Why are all Fox Concept restaurants magnets for these forms of puerile human existence? 

I'm not against Fox Concepts, I've even liked a number or two of the restaurants. 

But can I just say goddamn the hipster! 

Fuck you. 

it's just not politically correct to say we hate you.

With your man-bun & all natural eco friendly beard wax & potpourri scent wreaking up the atmosphere & fuck your
Needy, Lip-quivering desperation for acceptance. 

If we could, we would pit you against one another in gladiator arenas; watch you weak-wrist slap fight each other bloody. 

I've heard nothing but good things about the Henry. But from my estimation I would say It appeared to be nothing but a glorified Internet coffee bar-- The iDouche generation of Apple fanboys present & accounted for; plugged into their laptops or glued to their cell phones.笑
The Henry is the perfect restaurant. 

I was blown away by every aspect of The Henry. It's so beautiful inside, every detail is perfect and it's so spacious I could not get over it. Fox group could have added an additional 50 tables, but instead they left it open and it's just perfect in every way. 

The food was exceptional from start to finish. I won't bore you with the details but it was all amazing.  In one visit- I had to reorganize my list of favorite restaurants, with The Henry at the number one spot, it is incredible in every way. 

I look forward to many figure visits here. Amazing job everyone!笑
Loved this place! Fun atmosphere and delicious food. Great ambiance.笑
Atmosphere...vibe..food...and especially the drinks all great. I had the steak and it was great. This place is 30 mins from my place but I drive down to get the "upstate gentleman". Great drink. The value is great for the quality and service here. This is what is call a no brainer it's gotta be in your top 3 or 4 if you live in the area笑
A really great neighborhood place to sit outside and enjoy the night.

Service is good and the setting is relaxed and comfortable.笑
The food was exceptional! Beyond delicious. Perfect portions - not too small but not overwhelming. The service was impressive - they didn't freak or make me feel awkward for switching tables when an AC vent made the first table too cold. The server was not over attentive or hovering. She seemed to show up at the perfect times. Skirt steak was amazing, cauliflower polenta was so good... Substitute whatever sides you want. Attention to detail without being pretentious or fussy! Laid back casual atmosphere. Loved The Henry!!!笑
My friend Lauren works for this company and has been talking non stop about this place....  Finally decided to give it a go and was blown away!  

Love the layout of the restaurant, the people were amazing when we came in, and I had this smoothie that blew my mind.

Get the "Little super Green" smoothie.  No need to thank me!笑
The Henry seems to be the crown jewel of the FRC (I've heard their kitchen is the test kitchen for upcoming Fox Restaurant Concepts). This can be seen just from its outward appearance with its patio, and the tables lined up outside. Its interior is well made up with its classic contemporary look. There are couches in the lounge areas, and oversized booths with mismatched lamps, and the bar area next to the open kitchen gives this place a look of a true European Brasserie. I went on a recent Saturday evening that was abuzz with people, from the onset with the close to full parking lot, one can see this is the current "it" restaurant of Phoenix. It's great for people watching and it attracts a diverse crowd. 

I went with some friends, and it seemed difficult to order a drink from the bar since it also served as a dining area that left little room for bystanders peering through the seated persons in attempt to order a cocktail. They have a good selection of wines, limited beer selection, and their cocktails selection is not huge either but I have to say they are all superb. I had the white cranberry punch which was refreshing, a friend had the red stiletto (which to me tasted like cherry Robitussin *shudder*) that she enjoyed, as well as the Prayer Meeting topped with a cabernet float that was exquisite. Other friends ordered the Fig and Ginger Mule served in a copper mug *kudos* and the Pomegranate 75, and heard praises for both. 

Dinner was started with two appetizers, the cheddar popovers and the truffle fries. The popovers were good not spectacular but the butters served alongside were the stars of the app, actually the ham butter was the star, and the chive butter was good. I'm tempted to get the ham butter alone because it reminded me of liverwurst pate (the ham flavor was subtle and texture smooth). I ordered the Pork Chop although I was tempted to get the half Roasted Chicken because of the sides but I'm glad I got the Pork Chop because it was delicious. The bone-in was moist with flavor. The Swiss Chard served with the Pork Chop had good flavor and the Cauliflower polenta is something I will order again as a side because it was delicious. I made sure to save some room for dessert because prior to my dining experience at The Henry, I had seen a picture of the dessert menu someone had posted on Yelp, and although The Henry was a resto I wanted to try, my eyes were on the chocolate cake from the very beginning. Yes, I was disappointed it wasn't a slice (I was thinking it would be similar to the chocolate cake at the Parlor, which imho is still one of the best chocolate cakes served in Phoenix) but with the layered vanilla and chocolate ganache, this chocolate cupcake (served in a small jar) was enough sweet for two, it's too sweet because of the ganache but it is good but not something that I dream about unlike the Monkey Bread of Culinary Dropout. 

Overall, The Henry is a solid four stars, and I can't wait to go back either for dinner or brunch.
.笑
The service was good and the décor was nice.  The food though!!  Every time I go to Phoenix I try and eat here.  I LOVE their pastries.  The menu has lots of choices so you can please everyone here.笑
i was really impressed by the henry! came here last night with the team for drinks and dinner - we all really liked the layout of the space and the super high ceilings, the decor, and how theres a coffeeshop! all super duper cute! and because we came on a wednesday - happy hour ran all night in the summer in the bar area as well as outside patio and there's even live music!  we partook in one round of the hh specials - $5 for delicious cocktails and $5-$8 for snacks - hard to beat those prices! and the portions are full size! i love phoenix at hh time!  then we settled for quiet conversation and dinner in the restaurant area - really spacious and really diverse dinner menu. my colleagues went for seafood entrees while i opted for the short rib dumplings - saucy and fatty and delish.  the only downside of the evening was the service - we couldnt get any help timely at the bar, we didnt get plates for a long time after we sat down and had to ask for them twice, didnt get to put in our entrees for a while, etc. etc. but overall - i'd definitely come back for some eats and drinks!笑
Food was fabulous and bartenders were great. Only negative was the hostess. Arrived at 9am w/o a reservation on a Saturday morning. Told it was a 40 minute wait. Optioned to sit at the bar. Noticed 5 open tables. Checked OpenTable and found there was plenty of immediate availability.笑
Came here for a glass of wine.

I like the high ceilings and the couches and chairs in the front.

The bartender was very nice.

The glass of Pinot Noir was great with a generous pour.

I ordered the kale dip appetizer. I should have listened to the bartenders suggestion and gotten the burger instead.

The kale dip was strange. 
Tiny pieces of Kale (blended I assume) with some milky cheesy substance that reminded me of cream of mushroom soup. It had a sweetness to it I couldn't place as a specific spice. The pita bread it came with was soggy on the end so that combined with the cream of mushroom type dip was sort of... Gross. It didn't even have a dip consistency but rather was like a thick soup. Double gross. 

The bartender upon hearing my unenthusiastic response to the dish offered to get me something that wowed me which I appreciated but nothing else looked good to me at that point. 

I guess I ordered the wrong thing.

Oh yes I almost forgot. No one acknowledged us when we sat near the couch. We got our own drinks from the bar. But later we realized the people next to us were being served drinks and we had been overlooked. So that was huge gap in service since we sat for a good ten minutes before getting our own drinks.

The coffee bar looked inviting. That said there were definitely people around that looked and acted rather snobby. Luckily they were balanced out by others who seemed down to earth and friendly who were enjoying meals.

Parking was tight.

Not sure if I would come back.

The menu had some pricey items that I hope would be more impressive than the Kale dip.笑
My partner and I took a friend visiting from Los Angeles to The Henry for his and our first time, and all three of us loved it.  The decor feels like I imagine an expensive mens' club would look -- real leather banquettes and table lamps I wanted to take home (just one).  My partner had the pork chop (the thickest one I've seen since Dan Tana's in West Hollywood, easily 2.5 inches thick, I had the wild mushroom tortelli, and our friend (who is very hard to please) had the branzino.  All three of us gave our dishes top marks.  

Even better than the food and the decor, however, was the service.  Our friend had driven in from Los Angeles that day and we had been running errands and cleaning house, so all three of us lay down for what was supposed to be a one-hour nap.  Unfortunately we woke up almost three hours later at 8:00 p.m.  We had planned to eat at The Henry, but when I checked their website I saw they stopped serving at 9:00 p.m.  I called and was told to come in, it wouldn't be a problem.  We showed up and people couldn't have been more gracious.  We never felt rushed, and when my partner and our friend wondered if it was too late to order dessert (by this time it was well after 9:00 p.m.) the chef reopened the kitchen and they got what they wanted -- no attitude at all.  

My only caveat is that a co-worker and his partner had brunch there about a week ago and the partner apparently got a bad case of salmonella from undercooked eggs in an omelet, so I think I may avoid egg dishes if I go for brunch (or at least make sure the eggs are cooked through).笑
Had the burger.  They grind their beef each day!  Added fresh jalapeños.  Absolutely delicious!  Excellent service!笑
Food is good. Just super loud and busy atmosphere. It was really hard to converse with our party. Not sure if it was the booth where we were seated, being in the middle of he dining room, but it definitely made it difficult to hold a conversation.笑
Mmm. The iced coffee is so good.  It will wake you up for sure!  I love love love the decor. Fox definitely has a knack for this.  It is a feast for your eyes. Everywhere you look there is something fun to look at.  The food that we had was decent. A bunch of appetizers and we split up a few entrees for lunch.  Nothing knock your socks off, but good! Great place for lunch or happy hour snacks and cocktails with the girls or boys!笑
Bottom line:  everything was delicious.  Our fourth visit and consistently good restaurant.  This visit did present one small problem:  longer than usual wait for first course.  The wait staff was pleasant and attentive and apologized---there appeared to be a snafu in kitchen.  No matter, manager comped first course and when my husband complimented the steak, the chef comped dessert.  All in all, a very enjoyable night at a great savings.  Even without the wonderful service, I would return.笑
Delicious!!! The food is amazing!!! We order our food and got served in no more than 10 minutes. I tried almost every appetizer and my favorites were the potstickers and the salmon one. The place is beautiful and the service is great. I will definitely be coming back.笑
Just went in for my friends birthday and let me tell you we had the best service! For our drinks we got the mule, strawberry Collins, and apricot punch. The punch was so good that we ended up all switching to the punch! Our server Dana recommended the Branzino and Korean skirt steak and they were incredible. Since it was a birthday we couldn't leave without having dessert, my friend got the peanut butter cake and Dana put a candle in it for his birthday! I was hesitating on whether or not to get the bread pudding because I was already full but Dana sold me on it in a heartbeat, it was so good that I forgot about how awesome my skirt steak was! I'll definitely be back!笑
Great place to sit and talk with friends with a wide array of coffee, food and desserts. Highly recommend for the decor alone but the food was excellent as well!笑
W O W!! This place was impressive from the moment we sat down! What a beautiful Spot! The ambiance is cozy and comfy yet classy! Jenna Our Server was the BEST we have had in a long time. She was genuine and sincere. I have been in the restaurant business for over twenty years and I know great service when I see it. She is on top of her game! She was VERY knowledgable about the business and the menu. She was able to answer all our questions and we had A Lot because it was our first visit. Coffee and sweet treats were a great start to a good breakfast! This will definitely be a new favorite spot. Can't want to bring my out of town guests here in the near future!笑
Excellent. Friend took me here for my birthday. Food was excellent, we had the short rib and the thai peanut cod, delicious! Our server was Ross and he was great, perfect timing, knowledgeable and made very good recommendations. I would highly recommend dinner at The Henry.笑
one of the best tasting burgers i've had. great atmosphere for meetings or catching up over brunch笑
I have been here a few times for brunch. First time the food was OK, nothing amazing. Second time however, the entire restaurant failed on everything possible, and I ended up leaving on an empty stomach after 2 hours.
Place was loud, tables are very close together, the table next to ours was "bro-fest" and hence very loud. 
The kitchen failed to deliver orders on time, other tables were served prior to ours even though we ordered first, both our orders were returned to the kitchen FOUR TIMES, and all four times they came back WRONG. We simply ended up not eating here and went elsewhere for breakfast.
While the manager (Kolin) was apologetic, I do not think that his staff paid any attention to the failed orders. 
I would not recommend this place due to the utterly lack of service and quality. I have never left a restaurant on an empty stomach, until my last visit at The Henry.笑
I have been here a handful of times and enjoyed breakfast, happy hour as well as dinner.  I've chosen to sit at the bar each visit and the service has been top notch each time.  Tanner was our server/bartender on my last visit and was super friendly, attentive, knowledgeable and helpful in choosing our entrees.  Among the things I've ordered the Thai Peanut Black Cod is my favorite so far.  Perfectly cooked, tender cod with a little heat served in a bright and delicious broth.  The wood grilled artichoke hearts are delicious.  My only critique would be the portion size is lacking for the price. The Flower Child Scramble and their delicious coffee is the perfect breakfast.  The restaurant is beautiful, business is hopping and the fact that they have ample parking is a plus.笑
Memorial Day was my second try with this place. First time was great, Memorial Day was awful, they lost my business. 

We ordered food from the cafe area, we asked about mimosas and were told to order at the bar. After grabbing our order number we hung out at the bar waiting for the bartender to knowledge us. She looked a few times at us, was actively busy and moving around but didn't ask us if we needed something. Of course we were standing there not eating and just looking at the bar so it was obvious we needed assistance. She finally asked after a few minutes what we needed, and we said two mimosas and she rudely said we don't open till 11 but said ah ok and rudely shuffled to get the mimosa. The drinks were good but just a hassle to get. We know they open at 11am for lunch but when we were told it was okay to order mimosa at the bar then why do we get rude service for it? 

Once our food came out no one asked how we were doing or if we needed anything. Plenty of servers but no one acknowledging the customers. My Sausage egg scramble I ordered was watery and I was not impressed at all. I was disgusted with how it looked but by that time I was over this place and the experience that I didn't feel like standing in the long cafe line to complain. I wont be back again and since then 4 people have asked if I have tried The Henry, I gave them my honest review of it. They wont be going their either.笑
The atmosphere is probably the very best part of The Henry. It is very eclectic & energized, and the staff are always incredibly helpful & friendly. Their popovers are easily my favorite thing there- they are so light, but also decadent! I also love that they're served with herb & ham butters, which are both great! I've found the salads to be a little hit or miss in terms of how much I like them, but they change the menu fairly frequently so there always seems to be new things to try! I really enjoy the vegetarian quinoa tacos, and "le pig" on their brunch menu is very tasty! You also can't go wrong with their cheeseburger- very good! 

I would also recommend grabbing a cocktail at their bar! It's very charming, and they have an excellent selection of drinks (wine, spirits, and beers!)笑
I've been to the Henry a few times now and haven't been disappointed in a single bite. A creative drink selection (try the gun and tonic 8) has accompanied skirt steak, short rib, sea bass, the rotisserie chicken and the popovers! All well made, perfectly prepared creative and delicious dishes shared and enjoyed by everyone who tried them. On our way out I scoped out the breakfast menu and the coffee bar and clearly I have to return. Of course the icing on the cake had been the first class service. Tonight at the bar, our bartender was really on point. Everything you would expect in a great establishment.笑
Extremely impressed by this place and even more their staff. About last weekend my buddies and their kids came in no reservation and had us sit for a little to wait for a table, understandable. One host named Bella eyed us and went out of her way to get us drinks for the wait. After awhile the kids were getting a little crazy so we decided to have our full meal there. It was a no brainer because our server was so helpful with the menu and was attentive to all our needs. I really wish I could remember her name too. Sitting in the couch area you kind of see how the restaurant works. Our party watched that same host run some of our foods out, 5 minutes later she was bussing a table and walked away with trays, and then the next 5 minutes she'd pass by us again to seat another party. Throughout the entire night she did this. So props to the Henry!! Your staff is amazing!!! A great date night, especially with kids.笑
We are breakfast here on a Saturday morning. It was busy so we had to sit outside. The patio was cute and offered shade under umbrellas. The flies were kind of annoying though. Our server was nice but we waited a long time to have our orders taken, and he rarely came back to refill our drinks. I ordered a coffee cake, but it was really dry. Did not care for it very much. I also had eggs with turkey sausage and spinach - that was delicious! I would have to try The Henry again to see if service/quality improves, but for me I was not impressed.笑
The Henry #15 officially opens tomorrow, 12/17/13.  It's the 15th Fox concept in fifteen years. I had a chance to eat there this past Friday on friends and family night and I thought a review was in order. First the atmosphere, if you're familiar with the other Fox concepts you know that this is very important to them. The Henry's no exception with a slightly higher upscale feel than most other Fox concepts yet it's still comfortable and far from stuffy. It's obvious right up front that this is their pride and joy with plenty of attention to detail. The corporate offices are located right upstairs but you'd never know it. 

For drinks they have an nice cocktail selection for both serious and more casual drinkers, the red stiletto and the white cranberry cocktail both received rave reviews from the ladies at my table. They also have house wines on tap...that's right...on tap. #15 also had a respectable craft beer selection, I had a Lagunitas lil sumpin sumpin and a double IPA out of Colorado, yum. 

Onto the food. For apps we had the Swedish meatballs and the grilled artichokes. Neither stood a chance for our party of four but the artichokes were exceptional. If you're an artichoke fan definitely don't miss out on these.  For entrées we did two fish and two beef dishes. I had the Mediterranean Bronzino, it was served with wilted kale and it was phenomenal. The other fish dish ordered was a Pacific cod served in a savory broth, it's definitely a preparation you don't see often. Even the broth was gone at the end. The short ribs were classic, boneless and fall apart good. The final dish was the steak sandwich. My sister, a self professed steak sandwitch connisouir, compared it to the steak sandwich that was on the "off the menu selection"  for many years at Bandera, her favorite. 

Dessert was the Warm Croissant Bread Pudding.....yeah!....and Salted Caramel Peanut butter Bars....oh yeah! I really enjoyed the bread pudding, the croissants give it new life. They also have a quality selection of coffee and expresso drinks. There's actually a coffee and pastry bar in the restaurant, almost bistro esque, if you just want a cup and a croissant to go in the AM or at lunch. 

Honestly, the Henry is a hit in my book. Comfortable atmosphere, good food, good service. I'll be back for lunch and dinner and would recommend highly to friends. Next time I'm going for the Crispy half chicken.

-Ciao 

P.S. They have a roasted garlic ranch that you would do terrible things to get your lips on. Seriously, order some on the side笑
First off the building is absolutely gorgeous. Unfortunately I had a bad experience on my first time here where the hostess forgot we were standing there waiting for a table. 20 minutes pass and they no longer offered the lunch menu. They were nice enough to let us order off of it when we decided to leave but ended up staying to give it a shot. Pretty disappointed with their guacamole as it was somewhat plain tasting and not worth the price. The chicken sandwich was pretty bland and not really special.  French dip sandwich was pretty good though. I probably would not return due to the price and the bad experience. There are plenty of other restaurants in the area that have more flavorful dishes.笑
Lunch service has really started to slip.  Today I had  the slowest server and service I've ever had at a Fox restaurant.  Unacceptable.  I have noticed a steady decline in service the past few times I've been.  I really love Sam Fox restaurants and hope his manager will get a handle on the declining service.笑
Always a great brunch at the Henry.  This trip we also enjoyed a table side Bloody Mary cart where the hand built Bloody Mary's to you specification using some excellent flavored vodka's.笑
Yelped for best brunches in phoenix and picked The Henry. Specialty coffees and a tables idea bloody mary cart? Duh, of course!
Crossed my fingers that we could get in as I needed a reservation for the next day which was my birthday on a Sunday at 11. Open table let me book 6 and then I had to call the restaurant to add 2 more which they accommodated at 1115.
 Pulled in after Church at about 1050. Reservations were for 1115.  Adorable spot with beautiful decor. Parking is full so drive through to the back but it's free.  We waited outside and got seated at 1125 at a round table on the patio. Adorable. Not too hot and we were mostly covered.

Our server, Sara was a delight. Very enthusiastic and she knew it was my birthday. So sweet and helpful.  
One of our guys said to surprise him with a drink. It was funny because they forgot it and she joked with us that it was the surprise. The coffees were delish and most also had a brunch cocktail. We were informed that the bloody mary cart can't come outside up the stairs but I ordered a virgin spicy bloody and it didn't come halfway through my meal. When one of my friends told Sara, she apologized and got right on it. The lady came up and brought it at no charge. And the surprise drink for my friend that they didn't bring cause it had no protein powder was also on the house. Very nice.  They did bring an extra order of French toast by accident and said to enjoy it. All the food deliverers kind of mixed up the plates as they sat them down.  You should have seen my hubby's face when they tried to give him am omelette that looked healthy cause he ordered the carrot cake pancakes.
All in all, the food was good and even though so many little things went wrong...the service thanks to Sara was really great. 
Appreciate her putting up with us and even bringing me bread pudding dessert as a present.

Beautiful posh interior and high quality everything.
I'm glad I got to treat my friends to a nice brunch and we could see camelback pretty much Birdseye view across the street.  We went home and changed and climbed it! 

Great  birthday brunch.笑
Its concept is "the greatest neighborhood restaurant", and I loved it!  They are open all day, with a coffee shop inside, but they dress up nicely for supper.  The decor was on trend with its combo of old and modern fixtures and furniture.

I kicked off with a Pineapple Pisco Sour, and was super impressed at the restaurant emblem in the foam!  It was a delicious version of my favorite drink from our honeymoon in Peru.

I decided to have soup and a starter for my dinner.  The soup that day was a chicken tortilla soup, which had fresh avocado in it.  It was tasty and it the spot, as the evenings in AZ were in the low 40s when I was there in January.

I also had the Short Rib Potstickers, which were excellent.  They tasted fantastic!  I had a bite of AC's Prairie Breeze Cheddar Popovers too, which were super soft on the inside.笑
I can't express how much I love this place. I have had nothing but amazing experiences here. The Henry is upscale casual and I never feel awkward if I am running in in my workout clothes or dressed up for the night. The bolonagse is unbelievable , the short rib potstickers are life changing.笑
Fox Restaurant Concepts has done it again. This is another amazing restaurant with the same great service and good food you expect from a Fox Restaurant.  The servers are very friendly and always have good suggestions.  I would recommend anyone to try there hand made sodas and the kale dip.笑
As they used to say I'm Atlanta ... Oh , Henry.

Love this place. Excellent choices of meat fish or fowl. 

We started with the brisket potstickers...slightly burnt on the bottom, soft on top with plum sauce. So good it should be an entree not just an appetizer. 

I than went for the branzino. No bones, grilled, and brushed with butter. I had kale cole slaw and grilled asparagus. All perfectly prepared...all very filling. 

The Waiter was also delightful... Loved his job, knew the menu like the back of his hand. Entertaining. 

Excellent wine list as well. 

So in honor of Hammering Hank from Atlanta ...

Do me a favor...Go!笑
The Henry is about as good of an atmosphere as you can get. It makes you feel like you've stepped into another world!!  The coffee bar is amazing. I highly recommend the "Cleo" coffee. We waited about 45 minutes for a table on a Sunday around 11:30 so clearly it's already a popular spot. Food came out very slow! Luckily we has a Bloody Mary to start. They came by with a Bloody Mary cart and it was amazing! Try the horseradish vodka in your bloody. To die for! We started with the matzah ball soup which was really flavorful and traditional. Then I had the chopped salad which was horrible.. The bacon was covered In sugar and overwhelmed the entire salad. It was not good. My sister had the smoked salmon appetizer on top of potato Latkes and that was delicious! Other people with us ordered breakfast and loved their food. Since it just opened I'm going to go back and try more things. The place is cute enough that it doesn't matter how great the food is because you want to go back for more!笑
Great atmosphere but ssslllooooowwww service!! After one hour thirty minutes of being sat at the table with no food out, we talked to the manager. She apologized and helped out allot, she was really really nice!!!!the manager def saved the experience! The popovers were different but still enjoyable...wouldn't order them again though. Chicken fried chicken was pretty good. I would make a reservation if coming, it's a busy restaurant.笑
Went there for happy hour yesterday.   I wanted to see if the HH menu was as good as the dinner.  

Ordered my usual manhattan; trying it with Bulleit Bourbon.   I've never knowingly had Bulleit Bourbon.   The manhattan was good, but I think the BB is not my first choice.   

Ron was our server.   Very friendly, professional, competent server.   We ordered the Korean tacos, which I have no idea what made it "Korean," but it was good although I'm not a fan of corn tortillas.   They aren't very big, two on a plate.   I'd skip the tortillas, unless they could use flour, and just have the topping.

Our other order was the truffle oil fries.   They were good.   Came hot.   

If you are going for happy hour, probably a good idea to get there soon after opening.   We did get a seat, but it was between the two entrance doors.   Therefore, every time it opened, the warm air made its entrance.笑
Went here for breakfast and dinner. Breakfast was better then dinner but both were over priced for what it was. Cool place and nice atmosphere. Patio looks amazing but it's been to hot to use it the couple times I have gone. I would say try it out at least once.笑
Sam Fox is normally renowned for such great restaurants.  That's why this one was such a surprise.  We made reservations for a party of seven and asked for a specific table.  When we arrived, the table we asked for was not available.  I've been in the restaurant business for many years now and I understand that restaurants cannot always guarantee specific tables.  That's fine.  However, they crammed us like sardines into a booth.  The place is incredibly noisy so, even though we were incredibly close, we couldn't really hear each other.
Now, I like to study and peruse the menu, so, as a courtesy to my fellow diners, I do it ahead of time on the restaurant's website.  We were eating at 1pm on a Saturday so, stupidly, I decided to check out the lunch menu.  When we arrived, we were only allowed to order off the breakfast menu.  At one o'clock.  On a Saturday!  Now, every restaurant I've worked at, from low end to high end has been able to accommodate any menu request at any time.  It's just basic customer service.
So, disgusted, we began to peruse the breakfast menu.  About 25 minutes into our meal, we FINALLY received glasses of water on the table.  And little did we know that we should have cherished the water as it was the last we'd see.
The food was decent - not great but not bad.  However, the whole meal was horribly marred by the substandard customer service.  There are so many great restaurants in this area that I find no reason to ever return to this one.笑
We were in Phoenix visiting friends and our friends brought us here.  My friend who had been there before could not stop raving about the pork chop.  My other friends and I were skeptical as a pork chop has never been high on our list of things to order in a restaurant.  

As we walked in, we were pleasantly surprised by the inside.  We liked the decor a lot.  It appeared that there was a coffee/pastry bar right in front with a lounge area with sofas, chairs and coffee tables.  Looks like a great place to grab a cup of coffee in the morning!  We were seated fairly quickly and were greeted by our server Caroline.  She was really nice and we all joked about how we wanted to be friends with her and we should just ask her to sit down with us.  We ordered drinks.  I got Henry's Private Island which was fruity and delicious.  It went down very quickly!  =)  Caroline heard us cheering our friends birthday and quickly came over to wish her a happy birthday.  So nice!  

For appetizers, we ordered the kale and garlic dip which was amazing!  We devoured it.  For our entrees, everyone except for me ordered the pork chop.  I ordered the short rib and planned to share with a friend so we could try both.  We received the meals and I thought that the short rib was great.  But then I tried the pork chop.  WOW!  The pork chop was amazing!  Two of my friends stated that this was one of the top 10 best meals that they have ever had!!!  I have to agree as well!  It was at least two inches thick which I've never seen before.  It wasn't dry at all.  It was moist and the flavor went all through the meat.  So delicious.  

For dessert, we shared the sweet potato semifreddo which was yummy.  We also got the salted caramel ice cream.  Amazing!  My Phoenix friends commented that it was better that the salted caramel ice cream that they get at their favorite local ice cream place.  

Overall, we all really enjoyed our meal.  The food was delicious and the service was fantastic.  I can't wait to go again the next time I'm in Phoenix.笑
Had a great date night dinner here last week. We made a reservation for 8:00 but arrived around 7:30, we sat at the bar and enjoyed a drink before our table was ready. The service was pleasant, the bartender and waiter were both polite and knowledgeable of the menu.
I was pleased with the menu selection and both entrees that we received were delicious. I am always happy with my experience and the food/drinks at Fox Restaurants, this one is no exception.
My only complaint is that it was kind of loud inside. I think next time I might try the patio.笑
Stopped in for breakfast. The restaurant has a fantastic open vibe. No issues with noise...from start to finish we had a great time! 

Brent provided excellent service and Doug made an unbelievable Bloody Mary. 

We ordered eggs and the lox plate. The dishes came with a side of potatoes. They were probably the best potatoes I've ever had. I would order both dishes again!

Great job Fox Restaurants!笑
My, no, our, recent family experience at this establishment compels me to rate them at 5 stars.

It started out with the unwarranted trepidation that I felt when pulling into the parking lot considerably earlier than our planned arrival time. As had been my previous experience dining here during the lunch rush, it has always been packed, and parking is dreadful. I was consigned to anticipating a prolonged wait.

As we walked in, my daughter immediately notified the hostess that we were here earlier than our reserved time. And, as I prepared to handle the prolonged wait by responding to emails, I was pleasantly surprised that the hostess was already escorting us to our table with nary a delay.

I had previously stated, my trepidation was unwarranted!

They handled our introduction with aplomb. It was important to me for this to go without a hitch, since it was my wife's idea to eat here, and it was my daughter's planning that got us to this point - so far so good.

As we were seated, our server, Patrick, introduced himself and took our drink orders. Patrick is a professional - well mannered, polite, and efficient. And, our initial introduction with him would pave the way for an entirely wonderful experience throughout the evening.

The place was bustling with a plethora of customers within the facility, and we could have experienced table service in a dreadfully dilatory manner, however, Patrick would have none of it. With the assistance of the rest of the wait staff, the hand-offs with the drinks and the meals were well executed.

Speaking of meals, everything we ordered was simply sublime.

My beloved wife had the Roasted Chicken, my beloved daughter had the Korean Style Skirt Steak, and I had the Wood Grilled Pork Chop. I also had the side salad to accompany my meal.

We truly had nothing but great things to say about each and every dinner entree.

My Pork Chop was perfect. Patrick did not neglect to mention that this would be cooked Medium, and he could've not been more spot on in his description. It was perfect.

My wife's Roasted Chicken was so wonderfully and delicately flavored that it was as simply divine within as it was on the outside!

Additionally, my daughter's Skirt Steak tasted as heavenly as it looked. 

And speaking of heavenly, this wouldn't be a proper early Mother's Day celebration if we skipped out on dessert. We each ordered a dessert that was appealing to our palates, and absolutely none of us were disappointed in our respective selections.

Between the Chocolate Peanut Butter Molten Cake, Dark Chocolate Cheesecake, and the Warm Croissant Bread Pudding, each provided a delightful wonderment with every bite.

Just as we had opened with Patrick's exemplary service manner, he continued his attentiveness even after our table had already been cleared, the bill had been settled, and all we were doing was simply conversing and discussing my daughter's wedding plans.

I was so glad and relieved that The Henry provided such a superlative first time experience for the rest of my family. Now that they had experienced what I had been raving about all this time, this establishment managed to make even more new friends.

Any previous apprehension on my part to recommend this place, both for lunch and dinner, can now be summarily dismissed.笑
Great bougie brunch experience. Patio is well shaded and misted in the summertime. The Bloody Mary cart is a must try!笑
Decor is lovey and the food is average. The Moscow Mule should have stayed behind the iron curtain. The corn beef was "aged and cooked for half a day" translated it was too salty and had not have time to develop flavor. The fried chicken sandwich was as flavorless as a chicken breast could be. Service was good. Waiter nice. Kitchen slow and the bar tender needs an education. I would gladly have them decorate for me but not feed me.笑
My husband and I love this place. We come here often and always bring guests. However, we were really disappointed on during last visit to learn they pulled the buttermilk fried chicken and Brie toast off the menu. They were also out of their bacon flavored blood Mary. So sad. Maybe we'll back in the fall..笑
deserving of the 4-star rating on Yelp. quality food, hipster scene, parking sucks but is not impossible. 

have passed by The Henry many times and finally got a chance to go. definitely one of the hot spots for the Phoenix in-crowd. service was very pleasant. this looks like the Fox flagship restaurant, because it looks like the corporate office is right next door. i am normally NOT a fan of the Fox design/service/menu, with the exception of True Food, which is consistently solid. but The Henry clearly is given a lot of attention in all aspects (ingredients, presentation, service)...my guess is this meticulousness is because the big bosses are right next door.

you might have to circle of few times before you find a parking spot...but they DO open up, so that makes it tolerable.

not a bad spot.笑
I haver a peculiar and narrow review, albeit a very positive one. A dear friend of mine was at The Henry with eight guests, on the occasion of her bachelorette party. I called the restaurant with a peculiar request: I wanted to purchase a bottle of champagne for the table as a surprise. The Henry could have not made the process any easier. The manager with whom I spoke was courteous and clear, sending me all the proper documentation via email within ten minutes of our conversation; sending me an unnecessary but appreciated note thanking me for my business and confirming that everything went off without a hitch; and prior to my purchase, letting me know of all the options with my previously stated price range. 

And my understanding is that my friend and her group of diners all had a great meal and a great time, as well.笑
Oh Henry, you have my attention! A beautiful building and even more exciting interior. The patio is gorgeous with plants and strung lights. The inside takes on a fresh twist to an old world charm study in someone's million dollar mansion. Upholstered chairs and love seats, modern ceiling to floor curtains, open concept and beautiful slabs of dark wood tables. The Henry has everything--dining, drinks, coffee, and baked goods.

I recommend the kale/garlic dip, tomato toast, quinoa tacos, bolognese pasta and of course, BREAD PUDDING! Fantastic service and amazing food, this place a favorite of mine in Phoenix!笑
Went to The Henry for the first time last night with my family to celebrate  my daughters  50th birthday.  Jenna was our server and she was terrific,  she answered  all our questions  and provided great service.  By the way the food was awesome too.looking forward to returning  to The Henry again笑
Today was my first time trying The Henry for brunch. I've been here a few times for their delicious food and coffee and I always receive great service. One time I was here and the food was taking a bit longer than usual. Without having to ask, my server got me a free appetizer to snack on. 
Today's service was just as great. I tried their Bloody Mary cart and I was very impressed. Of the six different house infused vodkas I went for the red pepper and olive. I have to say it was the best Bloody Mary I've ever had!
Also, I have yet to find a better coffee shop than XV. I love their Wildflower latte. 
Very well earned 5 stars.笑
I recently had the good pleasure of visiting The Henry with a good friend for the first time. I had an out of this world everything bagel and an Americano which was among the best I've ever had. The atmosphere, the decor and the friendly service was superb. I highly recommend visiting The Henry.笑
Went with friends to The Henry for coffee and dessert. We were seated promptly, but not attended to by any waiters or staff (plenty passed by) for 15 minutes. Once a waiter did come (I don't think it was even his table) we told him we actually needed dessert menus instead of the dinner menu. While he did bring us waters and new menus, he did not return to take our orders within the ten minutes more that we waited. The plan was to tell a staff member about how bad the service was, but there was no one to be found. 

We were extremely disappointed and decided to leave.笑
Fabulous Atmosphere!  Great food too!  Exceptional service!  I visit here quite a bit!  If you are thinking about a visit ...just do it...it is worth it.笑
Great vibe. Wonderful food. Well-trained staff. Tables are not jammed right on top of one another. This is a can't miss place on your places to eat and enjoy笑
We had a fantastic lunch at this place. We chose to sit outside, which was a great decision. The outside setting is nice and comfortable. The service was awesome. Our server Taylor was friendly and gave some great menu recommendations. Our daughter enjoyed many great options form the kids menu. My wife and I shared two lunch entrees. Our food was fresh and hot. We really enjoyed ourselves and look forward to returning soon!笑
I love the coffee. It's fantastic. The Cleo is my favorite. 

Breakfast options are nice. The potatoes are delicious and they sure do make some great extra crispy bacon. 

Bigger fan of their breakfast over their dinner. Be sure to make reservations to avoid the wait!笑
Great atmosphere inside and out. Wonderful service as well. The food however, didn't do much for me. I had the roasted turkey French dip sandwich with truffle fries and short rib potstickers as an app. The potstickers were amazing. The citrus sauce they came with was so good. The sandwich and fries were unfortunately both a bit on the bland side.  Kind of a bummer for a place with such a cool vibe.笑
Be sure to ask for Shane!  He was very acccomadating, friendly and offered yummy recommendations.

I met w group of friends for dinner and everybody enjoyed it.  For starters, the grilled shrimp cocktail.... my goodness....it was the best I've ever had in my life.  It's definitely something you can't live without.  Grilled, smokey, and perfection.  Didn't need cocktail sauce.

I'm not a lengthy yelper but please try this place.  It's awesome in so many ways.笑
The Henry exceeded expectations this morning. Immediately upon walking in you know you're in for a treat. The staff was friendly and service was exceptional. Our outstanding server, Braden, recommended the Chicken Fried Chicken along with The Chevy Chase. I ordered the chicken and was not disappointed. Eggs cooked perfectly, chicken amazingly crispy, and the English muffins were phenomenal.

Can't wait to return and give dinner a try, I'm sure it will be similarly fantastic. Not sure what's more surprising; the level of service for this new of a restaurant or the quality of food delivered.笑
I was visiting Scottsdale Arizona from California and my partner took me here and met up with one of his friends for brunch. Love the ambiance, decor and vintage look. The walls and high ceilings and lots of natural lighting that makes the place looks open and bright. I would love to come back here again sometime. The only downside was the customer service isn't as quite pleasant. Server wqs always In a rush and not that friendly. Also, the food can be better as well as the eggs were a little burnt lol. I am willing to try this again, this time for dinner. Nevertheless it's a good experience just a little room of minor improvements笑
We loved our entire experience here. Our server Katy was awesome. The food was perfect. And the ambience was charming yet modern and unique. This is a must see!笑
I went with a group of girlfriends for brunch & we all loved it! Good food & atmosphere!  You can have a healthy meal if you choose, or a more comforting dish if you feel like it; the menu gives options.笑
This place is POSH- very cool and trendy at the time. Gotta love it. 

Food was great, kind of expensive, but definitely tasty and well worth it.笑
The Henry is another home run for Fox Restaurant concepts. The extensive drink menu has an amazing selection of brown liquors and interesting concoctions. There is attention to detail in everything from decor to seasoning in the food  which makes this an amazing place to dine and drink.

Coffee this morning was flavorful and robust. The espresso beans didn't have an overpowering roast, but it will definitely wake you up in the morning.

I HIGHLY recommend the CB and Rye for lunch, as it is some of the most perfectly balanced, not too salty corned beef I've found. It keeps a meaty texture while still being incredibly juicy and tender. Excellent!

Bar menu can't be overstated. The cocktails were interesting and worth the price, and as a beer connoisseur, I appreciated that the only thing "common" on tap was Stella (4 Taps with rotating seasonal). The bottled beer selection showed sophistication and makes this a great place for a business happy hour.

The Henry would absolutely be 5 stars if it weren't for one big ambiance hindrance at a busy lunch -- it is INCREDIBLY loud in the restaurant. I heard about every 3rd word my server was saying and ended up a bit hoarse from talking so loudly to the people in my booth. If you're heading to the Henry at lunch time for a meeting, be sure arrange in advance and to ask for one of the more secluded meeting tables.笑
Aesthetically this place was gorgeous! I was so excited when I walked in yesterday! The manager does a great job of walking around and checking on you. However, for such a lovely restaurant the service was below par. I'll leave names out, but I had to ask for my water 3 times. I also had to remind him several times for a glass of wine that I ordered. He was very slow and he would come up to the table to ask if would need anything completely spacing anything we were already waiting on. We voiced to him and he said he had a huge party in the back. So apparently they were getting the good service. He should have relinquished us to another server. We did eventually (and kindly) mention our service to the manager. In response we got a "thank you for letting me know". You can draw up your own opinion here, I'll just say first impressions are everlasting. Only other thought is that the menu wasn't too extensive. Not much to choose from. Again, I did however enjoy my meal and the restaurant itself. Better service and we're in business.笑
The Henry
One of my favorite dining buddies and I went for the last night of restaurant week - neither of us had been to the Henry before - and the menu looked fantastic. We have made a habit of dining together at least once each restaurant week - and find a place heavy on veggies or water protein (she doesn't eat anything that walks or flies), so we can share all courses and get a better range of the menu. The Henry had at least two veggie/fish options for each course - so it would work well for us.
For drinks, I ordered the Final Word (my current favorite drink, which I make at home quite often), she had the Old Fashioned.  Hers was perfect. Mine was a bit heavy on the chartreuse, so I sent it back for a touch more luxardo to balance it out - then it, too, was perfect!
For the appetizers, we split the salad (spinach, roasted beet, fennel, stone fruits, puffed grains, goat cheese, and pistachio) and the smoked salmon (potato hash brown, crème fraiche, and arugula). Both were good portions, both fresh and very tasty. The salmon was saltier than it should have been - almost like the chef forgot smoked salmon is already salty, and added a pinch too much as final seasoning. But the flavor was dead on, and the overall construction of the bite was fantastic!
Our entrees were the sweet pea tortelli and the salmon, served with quinoa, beets and arugula. The pasta was light and well made, the flavor rich and delicate, and the sauce was creamy without being heavy - the best part was the fresh sweet pea flavor in every bite. I'm not even a fan of peas, and I could have eaten a vat of this! The salmon was a bit of a letdown. There was nothing wrong with it, but it was just really average. The quinoa was stellar (if I could only get my version at home to be so good!), and I love beets in just about any dish - these were incredibly fresh and perfectly roasted.
Dessert was bread pudding and the lemon meringue tart. Both were well executed and worth enjoying every last bite of. I can't pick a favorite between the two - they complemented each other perfectly, along with a cup of fresh coffee. I don't think either would have been quite as good without the counterpart.
I liked the setup. It feels classic and comfortable; the patio will be fantastic in just a few weeks when the evenings are nice again. The tables and booths are large and spacious - and at a decent distance from each other so you don't feel you have to speak over the neighboring conversations.
The regular menu prices are a bit higher than they need to be (keeping format with the other Fox restaurants), but not so high I would decline an invite back. It may not make it to my regular rotation, but I will happily go back for more meals.笑
Came here this morning for my sisters birthday brunch. Slowest service I've ever had. Took 30 minutes for the server to come by and take our drink order. Our food all came out at different times. Unseasoned, tasteless and overall bland. So unfortunate because we love all the fox concepts.笑
My company had a banquet here. The food and sinks here are SO BOMB and. It to mention the staff is super friendly and knowledgeable. Their little appetizers were delicious I loved these crunchy potato with cheese things, I'd totally come back with my husband. I highly recommend this place.笑
Super hip joint where you order and pay, they give you an order number card on a stand and you choose your seat on the bar, booth with velvet fabric, couches or outside in the fresh air. Kind of like Starbucks but more modern and fresh. New clean building with wide isles probably 7,000 sq ft, open kitchen concept. The breakfast sandwiches were perfect!  Definitely recommend this place.笑
Loved the environment at The Henry! They have a cozy space with lots of vintage decorations, and friendly staff that makes you feel at home once you arrive. All of the items on their menu have solid flavor combinations that made choosing just one a challenge. 

We ended up with the short rib potstickers, which were delicious (super tender meat filling!) but also a little pricier compared to other appetizers. I also split the Roasted Turkey French Dip with a side of Kale and Apple Slaw. I wasn't a fan of the kale slaw, but the sandwich was fantastic, especially with the jus for dipping. I loved the kick from the horseradish too! 
For dessert, we had the bread pudding, which was huge! Definitely big enough for the table to share (we had two people and couldn't finish), and had a great fluffy texture! 

I don't know how I had never been to The Henry before, but I will definitely be back!笑
I recently had dinner at The Henry on Sunday night. I only have wonderful things to say about it. I had a reservation for 6:30PM, at 6:34PM one of the managers came over and apologized and offered us a free cocktail. Around 6:45PM we were sat at our table. 

The food was DELICIOUS (kale and garlic dip, brussel sprout Caesar salad, and Quinoa tacos). The service was great - food came out quick. Our server was personable. I will definitely go back soon. Nice job Sam Fox!笑
What a great restaurant.  The moment you walk in you feel comfortable.  The ambiance is uplifting and refreshing.  The menu items are very diversified. I have tried something different each visit (which have been many)  and have never been disappointed, but very pleased, as well as everyone in our party.The carmelized broiled grapefruit on their breakfast/lunch menu is a winner; the coffee cake is outstanding and their entrees are equally as good. Kudos to Managers Doug and Nate and their staff.  They are a very well-trained crew and do an outstanding job.  This is definitely on our list of favorite restaurants.笑
I have been to The Henry a couple of times, and dined last night. 

My server, Matthew, was very engaging, attentive and suggested the featured appetizer off the menu which was the Tuna Tartare. It was excellent and I was happy with the suggestion.

There are selective choices on the menu, but I would definitely recommend trying various appetizers vs. one entree to get a better taste of what the restaurant has to offer. 

They make sure that your dining experience is pleasant and that your accomodations are met which I really like.笑
Walked in for breakfast on a Sunday. We took the bar seats to skip the wait. We started with the cheddar pop overs. They were light and airy with cheddar inside sprinkled with fleur de sel. It came with ham butter and herbed butter. They were ok, not something I would order again. I ordered the chicken fried chicken. I love the way they make this comfort dish because it doesn't give you that "I pigged out" feeling. The chicken was tender, not heavily battered. The gravy was light and the biscuits had the right amount of buttery goodness. My husband got the spicy chicken sausage scramble, substituted toast instead of the breakfast potatoes. He enjoyed it. Service was timely, on the expensive side for breakfast but overall a good dining experience.笑
This is by far my favorite Fox restaurant in terms of decor, menu and vibe. While it's certainly at a higher price point than some of the other concepts, most everything is executed well and seems *worth* the extra cost. Fabulous place to celebrate an occasion/holiday and feel like you're getting more of a casual splurge. The only criticism I'll agree with from the assessment of other reviewers is the incredibly slow service. 

The interior is gorgeous, somehow making a nice open space feel cozy and chic at the same time. You have the option of camping out at the bar, relaxing on the adorable couches for more of a happy hour feel or sitting in the main dining area - all are full service. No matter where you sit though, I've found you'll be waiting a while. To be acknowledged, for your waters, your first drink order, any refills, etc. I don't know why such a great place with really nice staff has such. poor. timing. Our servers have always been friendly, knowledgeable and enthusiastic about the menu - it's not a personality issue. Are they just over capacity? Is there some kind of request-x-2-only refill policy on water? We've come here before and sat in the high-top area for 20 minutes before deciding to leave and dine elsewhere - which sucks because I know how great the food and cocktails are.

The food is ridiculously delicious. The warm kale dip is so garlicky good and don't miss out on the popovers. All of the seafood entrees are to die for (I'd choose this over Buck & Rider any day for the price) and that Croissant Bread Pudding is no joke. It's an absolute must regardless of how tight your pants feel after dinner. Wash it down with a cappuccino for a real indulgence. It's worth mentioning that the food itself is served up pretty quickly. I'd love to rate this as 5 stars, but slow service is just too consistent. And I LIKE long, drawn out meals where you're not pressured to leave. I LIKE servers who give you space without checking in every 5 minutes. But conscious, attentive yet considerate service is so different than elusive, hard-to-flag-down service. Sigh...I'll be back again and again, but not if those hunger pangs have already set in.笑
Been here twice now, love the open feeling of the restaurant.  The servers treat you really well, very friendly. Great drinks as well.  I would go with the short rib or the roasted chicken, really nice on both.笑
Won't be back. While I love many other Fox concepts restaurants, I wanted to love The Henry. I was excited to try it but was very disappointed in the food and the service. The ambience is lovely. I had chicken and my boyfriend had salmon. Both were dry and lacking. Regardless, we were still going to tip 20% to our waitress even though she only checked on us once and our water glasses sat empty. We paid cash and when we got the change back, the waitress gave us our same 20$ bill back so that we didn't have change to tip the $17 20% tip. Ridiculous. We will stick to True Food Kitchen and Dough Bird.笑
Met a former colleague here for happy hour a week or 2 ago and was pleasantly surprised when I arrived by the ample parking out front and just how HUGE a place this is. I love the feel of it, very rustic and charming décor that really invites you in. 

We sat at the bar and enjoyed some happy hour wine (on tap) and got some bites of food. the short rib potstickers were these awesome melt-in-your-mouth bites of goodness -highly recommend that. The fries were good too, HUGE serving of those and the brie toast was nice, nothing to write home about. I really liked the plating and the visual appeal of the food though, they do such a great job at all the Fox restaurants of recognizing we eat with our eyes first! Love the plating here. Overall, we had a blast, 2 hours flew by and my friend even got a yummy dessert and coffee with Baileys to complete our happy hour date. It was a great time, did the bar staff forget about us as they got busier - sure. Did the check come with a bit of sticker shock for a few apps, 2 wines and dessert - indeed. But its a great spot and I'd love to come back for brunch or something soon.笑
This is the first Fox Restaurant that I want to return to.  Normally the food is mediocre at Fox Restaurants but this place definitely stands out.  The ambiance is very trendy and it has a very fun vibe.  Make sure you have reservations though otherwise you will not get a table.
Now for the food...everything I tried was delicious!  The chicken gyro is very tasty and their half baked chicken leaves you wanting more.  The mac n cheese is a great side dish too!  I had the bread pudding for dessert and it was enough for 4 people.  
I will definitely be returning!笑
Congrats to FRC on creating yet another awesome dining option in my hood!

I love that The Henry...
-is super close to my house
-has a decent sized parking lot
-has a fast casual option as well as a sit-down option
-offers a diverse menu for any time of day including coffee and smoothies, breakfast sandwiches, lunch salads, sandwiches, and entrees
-has some fabulous cocktails
-has a solid free wifi connection
-and a kids' menu too!

I've been in during the day a few times and once for a date night.  To date, I've tried the following menu items:
-americano (I know - boring... but I do plan on trying some of their specialty coffee drinks in the future!)
-protein smoothie
-chef chopped salad
-warm kale & roasted garlic dip
-wood grilled artichoke hearts
-Thai peanut black cod
-vodka & pulp cocktail

Everything I've had to date, I've been pleased with... and it's worth noting that even if you order from the coffee bar, they are accommodating and will customize a menu item for you.  For example, when I ordered my chopped salad, I requested no ham and added avocado... and it was no problem!

FRC did a great job with the ambiance and modern decor too... the place has great energy to it!  I haven't taken advantage of the outdoor seating just yet, but they also have a pretty spacious outdoor patio.  

Last thing to note: MAKE A RESERVATION!  I attempted to head in for lunch one week day with a party of 2 (without a reservation) and it would have been over an hour wait.  And on the Saturday night date night, we never would have gotten seated if it weren't for our reservation.  This place gets packed... and for good reason!笑
I want to expand my horizons beyond the breakfast burrito. I really do. But I can't do it, it's just too good. So much pepper jack cheese, but there's quinoa, so it's totally healthy. I think I lose weight when I eat it. 

Also awesome atmosphere.笑
Went with Misses Beautiful for Happy Hour. Great atmosphere and food. Service was ideal. Has the guacamole, tacos, toast and popovers. I loved the guacamole, Misses B liked the tacos. Highly recommended.笑
The Henry is absolutely beautiful. It just makes you feel special just being there. If it was my last meal, the bread pudding from the Henry would be part.笑
Nicole R was seriously the best server I've ever had. Everything she suggested we got and it was all so good. I recommend going here a thousand times over. I love everything we got. I suggest the bread pudding, scallops, NY strip, branzino, and the short rib potstickers! So amazing! We were here for my birthday dinner and they were so sweet about it #sobomb笑
Found this place by reading other reviews on Yelp so I thought I'd  give it a try. Took my mom there on Mother's  day and we had a great experience.  Not only was the food great but we had  great  service as well. I didn't have a reservation but they sat me right away in the patio. Our waiter Kevin got our drink order as soon as we sat down. I had the Blue crab quiche and was delicious, my entire family enjoyed their food. I will definitely  come back.笑
I have been here twice and I love it. Dope atmosphere. Food and coffee have been delicious. Chicken sausage scramble was incredible. The service has been outstanding. Ron found an issue on our bill and found us before we left to correct it which was awesome. Justin the second time went above and beyond to make sure our meal was perfect and made sure all our specific (and likely annoying ha) requests were granted.笑
Since I've only been here once, I'm going to go with 4 stars. Hopefully I'll be back in Arizona soon so I can come back to The Henry and bump this review up to 5 stars!

The Henry is a beautiful restaurant that also has a cafe attached. It's definitely what one would call "hipster" but with such beautiful decor, how could one not be in love?

My friend and I came here on the weekend, so we had the pleasure of ordering off the brunch menu. We each had a cocktail - I ordered the Apricot Blossom Punch, which I wish I had in my hands right now... It was so delicious and the alcohol taste wasn't overpowering, but it definitely packed a punch (ha ha). My friend had the Cactus Flower Margarita, which was equally as delicious in both of our books!

We started with the Short Rib Potstickers. At first I was a little weary. But their potsticker rendition was absolutely delicious. I could've ordered another plate of it! The short rib was so warm and tender and easy to chew. It practically melted in your mouth. The yuzu ponzu was divine.

I had the Egg White Turkey Omelette - essentially a breakfast staple, so how could you really go wrong with it? The potatoes it came with were also delicious. My friend ordered the Flower Child Scramble which was also wonderful - eggs, brussels sprouts, winter squash (yum),
roasted mushroom, kale, and some parmesan. Extremely healthy, extremely filling, extremely delicious. 

Our waiter was extremely sweet and attentive. He was constantly checking on us without making us feel rushed or bothered. Overall, our time at The Henry was absolutely wonderful and we both can't wait to come back. Her before me, since she lives there. And I do not. So no Henry for me. :(笑
Ordered the potstickers-they were terrific!  The popovers were a little disappointing but the fried chicken was incredible.  Service was very good!笑
This review is strictly for the coffee shop here. Upon entering, it is obvious that the restaurant had a lot of thought put into it. The design is gorgeous, very modern and comfortable. The girl working at the coffee counter was helpful. The husband had a latte and I got the butcher ( two shots of espresso topped with coffee and sweet cream). Weirdly enough, the two drinks tasted very much the same... they both were overly acidic and just not terribly pleasant to drink. I would like to come back here to try the food/drinks, but for coffee... I don't think so.笑
After arriving late to Postinos for the Board and Bruschetta night, and facing a long wait, we decided to check The Henry out. It was pretty busy when we arrived, and told the wait was 30 min. After 40 min, hanging out in the nice coffee shop there, I went to the hostess to see about our table. They said it was ready, which I then wondered at what point they were going to tell us.
After sitting, we asked for water. They brought lukewarm water with no ice in pint glasses. Ok, maybe the ice ran out, they're busy. 
I was super hungry and decided to order the Diner Burger. However, when it arrived it didn't have grilled onions, as advertised. Just lettuce, tomatoes and a smattering of 1000 island dressing. Also, the patty was a well-done, ¼" hockey puck. The fries however, were great, but came with only a half mini-cup of ketchup. Maybe they ran out along with the ice. 
So I got to experience, for the 1st time in my life, the experience of sending something back. I always thought they would spit in my food, like in the movie Casino, so I've never had the balls to try it. But hey, it probably would have been an improvement for the super dry, burnt burger. As a comparison, the Arizona Snowbowl cafeteria burger is better, but by a very slim margin.
A manager came over and said they were trying to improve their menu. I opinioned that an In'n'Out burger was similar to theirs, but four times as good.
After ordering instead the Gemelli and Black Truffle pasta, I was asked if I wanted any meat with it. Which probably was a warning sign since the dish included homemade bacon. When the dish arrived it was great, but only had 5 to 6 slivers of ham (and no bread!) Also, it was tiny. Plates of pasta are much bigger in Italy, and they aren't exactly supersizing everything. Also, most important I was promised BACON.
I gave this place 2 stars, because the wait staff was excellent, and they tried their best to make excuses for the food.笑
We had the worst and most embarrassing experience.  I came in at 4pm Friday Jan 20th for a business meeting and asked for a table. The hostess asked to clarify what I planned to order and insisted that the dining area was full service. I explained that I wasn't quite sure (only 2 of roughly 30 tables was occupied) I was hopeful to be seated. She explained that they anticipated a busy night and again demanded to know if I would be ordering "full service." I again asked if I could please be seated. Unfortunately I wasn't prepared for hostility from a "hostess" nor did I expect to provide a digest of what we had planned to order so I was stunned and unsure how to respond to her demands since I wasn't sure what my party planned to order. She refused to seat me. I asked to speak to the manager. The business person I was meeting had arrived and scanned their eyes across the fully empty restaurant and asked why I was sitting in a chair waiting and what was the problem. Having met this person for the first time my face was beet red and embarrassed; my answer was I was trying to get a table. They looked highly confused as their eyes scanned the empty establishment and I was overwhelmed with embarrassment. The hostess returned after 5 minutes (it felt like an hour) and said she could seat me (remember I asked for the manager and at 4pm the restaurant is 80% empty). I again inquired who the manager was and she pointed to a young gentleman 5 feet from me. He was clearly aware of the issue but clearly had no plans to respond until I approached HIM. When I approached him he seated us and explained he was confused why there was a problem and why the hostess even came to him since they were not serving full service, only appetizers. He also said she had been there a long time so he was shocked. He shouldered the blame to her and was unfazed. He was clearly not the least bit concerned about my experience. I on the other hand was off to a tremendously embarrassing meeting. I had no choice but to rebound so I could carry on with the meeting but I was left stunned, and still remain stunned. The hostess was incredibly rude; beyond belief. The manager was unconcerned and unfazed and offered nothing to sooth my shame and embarrassment; or improve or enhance the experience. I still can only scratch my head at this experience. It was off-putting to say the least. Highly apathetic, unprofessional, and disrespectful to customers; thats the summation of it. It was very hurtful to say the least; not to mention completely unnecessary. Sad.笑
I was here for brunch and the food was quite amazing. The Bloody Mary cart that comes right to your table is a nice little perk! The only reason it didn't get five stars was the excessive wait time to get a table. It's not a place you can be in and out quickly.笑
This place has the best coffee in Scottsdale. The service is always great, Alex our server was very friendly, fast, and had great suggestions for the menu and the drinks. The atmosphere and crowd at the Henry is always very vibrant and appealing. I will definitely be back. 
On Saturdays and Sundays they have a Bloody Mary cart, not a huge fan of bloody Mary's but these are great!! Five stars for sure.笑
I had a good meal and drink here. One of the newer places in the Arcadia area. I've lived here my whole life and it meets the expectations of the neighborhood. Super classy environment and the staff was good. Great place to take a date. You'll look like a classy gent taking a lady here!笑
Im always looking for a quick bite to eat on the way into work. I have a picky palette and always end up at the trendy spots. I read that The Henry opened and decided to stop in on the way in to the office. First off , the people that work in the commercial building are so lucky to have a cool lunch spot to go to . The restaurant is beautiful like something you would see in Elle Décor. You just want to spend half of your day there it looks so inviting. The Staff is so friendly and attentive to you likes and made you feel at home. Now to the food , I ordered the breakfast sandwich (minus mayo) and it was built on a fresh brioche bun . The bun was not too thick and had the perfect layer of egg , bacon , cheddar and avocado. Simple, but delicious ! I will be a regular guaranteed .笑
I went there to have lunch with friends. I sat outside and it was beautiful! The waiter was super courteous, even when we couldn't decide what kind of pulp drink to get. Try the citrus pulp drink btw! I got quinoa and chicken tacos which were super filling and tasty. Overall, it was beautiful, everyone was smiling and welcoming. The bartender, Tanner was nice too! I will be going back, again and again.笑
Had a nice dinner here with my wife last weekend and we were quite pleased.  We like to take our time when we were out so it was funny when the manager brought out our appetizer and said it was on the house due to the wait.  We hadn't even felt like there was a wait but hey who doesn't like free food.  At the end all of the food was terrific and we even shared two of the deserts which were just as good.  

We will be back.笑
Whether you're here for brunch, dinner, or just a coffee and some work, The Henry is brilliant. The meals are delicious and well worth the price. The iced tea is so cheap, and paired with a caramel pastry, it's a great setting to get some work done, or chat with some friends. Bloody Mary's for brunch are a must! The fried chicken and waffles are excellent also. 
The roast chicken is a delicious dinner, and the number of amazing sides you can pick from is insane! A must!笑
I'm sad to give this place 3 stars.. The first visit I would of given it 5/5, but over time the service has really lacked. Two weeks ago we went for dessert and coffee after dinner, let's just say we waited 45 minutes (and it wasn't overly busy). After 45 minutes we grabbed our waitress and told her we would be leaving.. The dessert never came :/ 
Accidents happen but we were disappointments how it was handled. Other than that, the food selection is small but items are good. The pork chop & fried chicken are two greats笑
Came here for a late, weeknight dinner in August when we were staying at a resort nearby. We'd put off dinner and then needed to find a place that was still open.

I loved the decor, great vibe and tons of people, though we were seated immediately. I had a good cocktail and enjoyed my burger.

It looked like they do a great morning program with good coffee. I'd love to try that and to go back for dinner.笑
Come here for breakfast an ideal place to just hang around.

Great atmosphere, good coffee drinks, good food in general. The kind of place you could spend a while in getting things done or hanging out. Portions are a bit small is the only negative.笑
The braised short rib was cooked to perfection. Easily consumed without a knife. And the glaze that comes with it was delicious. The salmon dish is also cooked just the way I like it: crispy on the edges and tender throughout. 

The truffle fries with parmesan are just okay, a tad soggy to me. Compared to everything else the fries seem kind of like an after thought.

The artichoke toast is great but a bit on the small side (it is an appetizer after all). The peanut butter chocolate lava cake is rich and decadent, we substituted the salted caramel ice cream for the banana Gelato and thought it went perfectly. 

The drinks are good here, I recommend the Old Fashioned and the Pinot from the Willamette Valley.笑
I was shocked at how much I liked the place, I know that sounds mean, but I really was. I think as places to go in that area, this was a real step up for Fox. The drinks are delicious, and I love the old library feel of the place!笑
So a coworker chatted up going here recently and I thought I would treat my bestie to a nice lunch.
They only take reservations on Sun for full dining since they get very busy but you can walk in and hope your wait time isn't too long.
When you walk in, there is a nice bakery and coffee station if you're just in there to grab a quick cuppa. Off to the right of them is café seating. I had to go left past comfy chairs and sofa to find the hostesses who were seating for the dining area. They told me that it would be a wait so I put my name in. As I went back to the little bakery area, one of the baristas told me that the seating along the bar as well as these long, high tables with blue high-back chairs were also full-service and you would be served if you sat there. I opted for that.
My friend showed up soon after. Right away a server came by, dropped off menus and took our drink orders. I had hot chocolate and both of us, waters.
Our waiter was very knowledgeable and was able to steer us to good menu choices for someone who is vegan and needed gluten-free and other who wanted a hearty but healthy breakfast/non-vegan.
Since we were both hungry, we started off with Parmesan fries with white truffle oil as an appetizer. Very, very tasty.
She had the Flower Child scramble and I had the Egg white turkey omelette with Gruyere and avocado. Both came with potatoes. I have to say we were both ...underwhelmed. She asked for Cholula sauce to give her meal a little more Zing. We weren't quite sure if I had a turkey fillet? Or pressed turkey meat? We thought it was ricotta added in the middle but I think it might've been eggs not cooked all the way. Uugggh wished I had tried something else.
Anyway I'm not sure if I will come here again anytime soon to try something else. I will say the wait staff and service was impeccable. Nice Fox concepts restaurant. We both enjoyed the live music singer.笑
I love The Henry. Yes, it's part of a giant chain of restaurants, but this one is a gem. The decor first off, is awesome. Sitting in there makes you feel cool, instantly. They have an excellent selection of beverages; alcoholic and non. The menu isn't huge, but everything I've had has been done near perfection. 

My favorite appetizer is their short rib potstickers. They're so tender and delicious, it's not right. 
They have a great burger, a flavorful and satiating Turkey French Dip, and a Butter Poached Lobster salad that'll make you tune out your lunch/dinner date.

They serve a really great brunch on Saturday & Sunday and there will be Mimosas and a Bloody Mary Bar Cart coming around to make your life complete. Go. Go now.笑
This was our first visit for dinner. We like a lot of the Fox Restaurant Concept places and decided to come here because of the location.  Another solid hit in my opinion-we will definitely be back!!!笑
My friend and I came to try this place out. The place is nice. The decors, couches and the set up is alluring but I didn't like how we were welcomed by the restaurant hostesses. They all looked at us like we're lost or something. They we're not approachable. When we sat down, our server came and introduced his self, we became comfortable, he was nice and friendly. We ordered the truffle fries, popover and the corn beef sandwich and salad. The food was great, the fries were delicious, we asked for more truffle sauce. The popover was ok, we expected it to be more sharp flavor. The sandwich was good but it was too meaty. I wish it has sauerkraut in it. The kale and apple salad was good. I love the sweetness and the crunchiness to it. After dinner my friend and I decided to order the croissant bread pudding, we paired it with their latte. I think The Cleo (latte) complements the bread pudding. I love it!笑
Fantastic restaurant. Spacious and elegant. The braised short ribs are to die for and reserve dessert for their croissant bread pudding is one of the best!笑
Love Fox Concept restaurants! Love this enviornment that they have at The Henry! The decor is awesome and it makes me feel like I time-traveled a little. The patio is beautiful and the food is great! My favorite dish is the Korean Style Skirt Steak, except I substitute the fried rice for their cauliflower polenta which is AMAZINGGGG! I got the beef short ribs and mashed potatoes last night, and I will admit I wasn't a fan of the glaze only because it tasted like maple syrup to me. Great dish though! The clubhouse margarita is delicious, as well as the fig and ginger mule. Get the sweet potato semi-freddo for dessert. Only downside is the portions are small!笑
Came here for a date night on a Friday when it first opened.
The environment is very unique and unlike any other restaurant. It is an office setting. I walked around a bit and especially loved the outdoor patio area. It was lit well and so beautiful out there. I would eat outdoors if the weather is nice.

So the serve was great. Very professional and the food came out quickly.  Drink menu was more geared towards men however.

I ordered a salad which was good but nothing special. The chicken was bland.

So overall, I would go there more for the ambiance and social scenery. I wasn't too impressed with the food.笑
The atmosphere here was gorgeous! Mid Century Mod meets Victorian. I didn't feel like I was in AZ dining here. Very trendy spot. The servers uniforms are classy and quirky with pink button ups and wing tip shoes. Service was great and the food delicious. We had the Cleo from the coffee bar, Carmel apple French toast, and chicken fried chicken all were scrumptious! Will definitely return as the entire experience was simply divine!笑
Went here for brunch with my girlfriends today. The Henry is huge, there's plenty of parking and places and its a beautiful space. The menu looked great, but our service was awful. My friend had to ask 3 times to get a glass of water and I never got the pastry o ordered. It took a long time to get our order in, food, refills, etc. Food was good, but popovers came out cold as well as my friends entree.笑
Great overall experience! I got the roasted chicken...AMAZING. So juicy and you have a variety of side options! If you go, ask for Sarah as your server! She is cute as a button and provides wonderful service. She engaged our whole table and was a delight to chat with. I will be coming back again soon:)笑
I guess I may have to accept the fact that I'm always gonna have a bone to pick with Sam Fox.  Once again, I step into a restaurant that hits a home run on aesthetics but falls short on the cuisine.  Its seems to be a running theme that I just can't shake with Fox's concepts.  Perhaps its all a matter of playing the expectations game, but for the prices they charge I would expect something at least somewhat worthy of the decor I'm eating in.  But like so many of Fox's other concepts, the food leaves me with one emotion.  Meh.

The Henry is a newer addition to the Fox lineup, set in what was an old office building in the super trendy Arcadia neighborhood in east Phoenix.  The building itself is spectacular.  Its a two story structure that's open from the inside (though the restaurant only occupies the first floor).  The restaurant is actually three parts.  On the west side is a banquet area for private parties, on the east side is the main restaurant and a great outdoor patio complete with a fireplace, and in the middle is a little coffee and juice bar.  The furniture and wall paper have a pretty contemporary feel bordering on English tudor-ish.  The place has been jam packed since it opened but fortunately we didn't have to wait long on Sunday (we got a table in just under 10 minutes).

The dinner menu of The Henry has no rhyme or reason nor any discernible running theme.  I did pickup the fact that they use mushrooms in a lot of their dishes.  Great if you love mushrooms, not so great since I don't care for 'em.  For an appetizer we got some of the grilled artichoke hearts.  I love artichokes, but these tasted pretty bland.  And there weren't that many on the plate.  Worse yet, it was $13 for that little dish.  We also shared the white truffle fries with parmesan.  Much better.  Fries were cooked well and the truffle aioli was excellent.  They also come with a super spicy ketchup (seriously, it'll surprise ya).  My brother had mentioned some good reviews about the buttermilk fried chicken sandwich (particularly the BBQ mayo that comes on top), so I got that for my entree.  The chicken was fried adequately, but I didn't pick up hardly any of the BBQ flavor I expected.  For dessert I got the blueberry pie.  This saved the night.  Blueberries with greek yogurt on top and tiny hint of lemon zest.  Good, clean, simple, delicious.  My family also shared the chocolate cake and bread pudding, but I wasn't terribly impressed with how either of those tasted.  To drink, I had their homemade mixed berry lemonade.  Super refreshing drink as it wasn't too acidic or overpowering, but the big downside was the absurd amount of pulp in my drink.  My straw kept jamming up because of all the pulp getting stuck in there.

So just to recap.  Five stars for the ambiance and the friendly service.  No issues on either front there.  But two stars for the food.  As with so many other Fox restaurants I've been to, I feel like I'm paying three star prices for two star food.  And the items I ordered tonight were on the cheaper end.  The women in my family can't seem to get enough of whatever Sam Fox touches, but my experiences have been habitually average.  For happy hour, I probably wouldn't mind coming back here, but I'd probably pass if asked to come here for a full meal next time.笑
Sam Fox has done it again. Not only do they have great food here, the test kitchen for all Fox concepts us in the back! It's pretty cool to see chefs sitting around chatting about new menus. Breakfast must be ordered at the coffee bar and then you can sit wherever you want. This is a great space to meet people in as well. They have a larger event room in the back and if nothing is going on they let you sit back there as well.笑
We gathered in the "living room" area, up front by the door with chairs, sofa and a low table.  The fish tacos and guac offered at Happy Hour are delish.  Great martinis and the Paloma grapefruit specialty was a hit.  Lots of vibrancy and service is exceptional.笑
Love the atmosphere of this place, it has a great vibe.  The customer service is excellent, which is common for Fox restaurants.  The food is always generous portions, fresh, inviting and creative, but not crazy!  The only reason i give it 4 stars is because I feel  it's a bit expensive!  Business lunch for 3 was over $50 with tip!  To try to take my family of 6 would easily be over $100 just for lunch!  Wish there were smaller portions for smaller $$$.笑
This place is very cute! I love that there are multiple seating areas, outside, couches, bar, booths, tables. There are a lot of drink options, I got a peach specialty drink which was really good. It wasn't too sweet. I had the salmon salad which I liked, I'm just not use to a warm salad. Service was attentive and nice. Overall good experience!笑
This is one of my favorite restaurants right now. The atmosphere is super cool and the food is amazing. The service is always friendly and professional.  The also brew local coffee which I'm a big fan of. And the pastries are amazing!



8/14/16

****updating review. Still one of my favorite places but service seems to be getting really slow. I understand they are busy but my last 2 visits here, it took almost 10 minutes before the server greeted us and them several minutes before our order was taken. In fact, when we were in today, the server would stop by the table to bring water and immediately turn around and leave before we could ask for apps. If we hadn't been so insistent we wouldn't have gotten apps. To the restaurant this should be alarming. If a customer is ready to spend $, you should be ready to take it 

***btw. Best burger in Phoenix!!!笑
Came here for a casual business dinner after hearing rave reviews. The immediate feel of the restaurant is trendy, casual, hip. Feels very open and relaxed. 

Drinks were delicious. Hubby had the fig and pomegranate(?) mule. It was amazing. Wish I had one for myself too. Others at the table enjoyed delicious cocktails as well. No complaints. 

At first glance the menu is not overly impressive but at the recommendation of my server I tried the braised short ribs and my husband had the Mediterranean Branzino (Seabass). My oh my was it good! The short ribs had a delicious brandy caramel sauce that was just the right touch for such a dish. The flavors were delicious. I was surprised that my husband had ordered fish since he's a red meat lover but his fish was cooked perfectly and full of delicious flavors. Both dinners were a hit. 

Since we don't live close, we probably won't be back that often. However, you can bet we'll stop by when we're in the area and recommend to plenty of people.笑
The service here is horrible!!!
 Hour to be sat, ten min to get drinks, 30 min to get food!! 

Club sandwich not worth the wait! Not a fan笑
Consistently good food, great atmosphere, good service.  Seating is not easy and wait times for a table are excessive.  Well worth the wait as there are community tables and/or the bar area is just fine for two.笑
Stopped in to get some breakfast went over to the coffee bar and was greeted and was helped immediately great no problem. I ordered a tea and the 2 egg breakfast found a seat at the bar that's when it went downhill. The two gals behind the bar seemed not to busy and helped the the two sitting next to me but not once asked me or even acknowledge that I was even there. I finally asked for a glass of water and the gal said yes then walked away to slice lemons and never came back the other gal finally brought me a water. As I sat there eating my breakfast which was good i never got another visit by either and while the rest of the bar was being serviced, waters refilled they just skipped over me and I'm guessing because I ordered at the coffee bar and not from them. I've been coming here for quite sometime and this by far was the worst service I've received I probably will never be back.笑
WOW!!!!
I am so impressed and can hardly believe this is a Fox concept. Most his restaurants are good, but this is GREAT! The food, drinks, atmosphere AND service are all excellent and come together to make a truly fabulous experience.
We live 2 minutes from The Henry and kept wanting to go and decided to drop in tonight for my boyfriends birthday... It is Saturday, it was 9:15 pm and we had about a 10 minute wait. 
We started with cocktails- I got the Fig & Ginger Mule and he got the Old Fashioned. They were both wonderful... It was so nice to have a drink in a restaurant that was balanced and perfect. Finding well mixed cocktails is not that easy in this city...
For dinner I had the Wild Mushroom Tortelli and he had the roasted turkey french dip. The Tortelli was fabulous- the sauce was flavorful and the textures in the dish were so balanced. The Turkey dip - OMG! Seriously, I don't know what they did to this turkey, but there was so much flavor packed into it it my tastebuds were dancing. 
Then we moved onto desert (we rarely get dessert, but couldn't resist after the outstanding meal) The Warm Croissant Bread Pudding- let's just say, it was worth every calorie!
Our server Matthew- it has been a long time since I have had really great service, it was so refreshing to be helped by someone who you can tell loves what he does. He was knowledgable, kind, helpful and just an all around great person.
Thank you for this one Sam Fox! You hit the nail on the head...笑
Outstanding...Truly hard to fault anything. From the warm welcome to the inviting decor to the fresh and delicious food. Believe it or not, my favorite part of my whole experience at The Henry was the freshly squeezed grapefruit juice...it was to die for...In fact it is the single item that would bring me back here...yet it was that good...Well done!笑
Had a nice brunch on the patio.  Decor, servers and food were all spot on.  Menu had a good selection and food was very tasty.笑
:: HIGHLY RECOMMEND :: 

Awesome food!  I had the quinoa burrito and it was a very healthy option.

My friend who lives in the area had heard great things about it and it was all three of our first times trying The Henry.笑
Visited on a Tuesday just after 8, there was a short wait for the patio, and we're seated at a small table in the corner. 

The initial greeting of the table took a bit longer than it should have, but the cocktails were worth the wait. We started with the popovers which were so flaky, light, and delicious. The ham butter was phenomenal. We tried the roasted chicken and the short ribs which were both such great choices. So much flavor, and the sides fit both dishes so well. 

Our server Chelsea was SO helpful in picking dishes, and had a genuinely helpful attitude. The dinner was paced out so nicely, and made the experience even better. 

The Henry definitely has everything to keep me coming back for more! Great decor, wonderful menu, good music, delicious food, and fabulous details like their antique looking martini glasses and beautiful silverware笑
Delish but pricey for dinner - but really delish.  Great coffee/breakfast, no pricier than Starbucks and much, much, much better food!!!笑
Our third time around and have never been disappointed. My "Mule" drink was superb, a great choice for the heat of summer. My olive oil poached sea bass and my wife's branzino were done to perfection. The smoked Norwegian salmon appetizer on crispy potato cakes was delectable and the portion was quite generous! We'll be back soon!笑
I went here today for a friend's birthday. We had reservations at 12:30, but weren't sat down until 12:45-1pm (don't remember exactly.) It was busy and we had a large party of 7, so none of us were upset at all. When we were seated, the manager or owner came by and asked us if we had ordered appetizers, where we all said no, not thinking anything of it. He came back with complimentary cake slices, apologizing about the long wait. It was a complete surprise and really showed how much he values his customers! Food was delicious, I had the flower child scramble and the go north coffee. We all had a wonderful time, I will definitely be going back!笑
Love the quinoa breakfast burrito! The best breakfast burrito I have ever had and its vegetarian! Doesn't need any meat in my opinion. The salted caramel sweet roll is also pretty fantastic. It is absolutely crave-able. Fun atmosphere, great (and giant) iced tea!笑
Our server(David) was outstanding(Feb 18th)....ambience is trendy and fabulous

Food was DELICIOUS!!! Menu is creative and extensive.....everything was PERFECTiON(the server made great suggestions).... Another Fox restaurant WINNER...we can't wait to go back笑
Food is great but the atmosphere is better. Cocktails were divine, and the coffee is delicious. Highly recommend if you're in the area.笑
Great food and nice atmosphere.  Busy/popular place but we had reservations and was immediately seated.  Juiciest chicken I've ever had, cauliflower polenta wonderful.  Hubby had beef short ribs, tender and flavorful.笑
This was my first time here.  My fiancé and I came for dinner.  The patio was really comfortable  even on a hot summer night.  From the exceptional amount of well adjusted misters, the lighting, to the great background music. Easy to talk and very relaxing.  

We had the artichoke appetizer.  Which was great.  I had the braised short rib & my fiancé had the gemelli and black truffle pasta.  Both dishes were nothing short of exceptional.  Although I will say the gemelli has a slight bitter taste, from the red cabbage I think.  We also had desert. Peanut butter and banana for me and sweet peaches and Creme for Courtney.  Awesome as well.  

Portion sizes for all the dishes were on the medium size.  Which I happen to like.  Bottom line, service was great, atmosphere was great and I will definitely be looking forward to my next visit.笑
Wide open modern dining with modern fare, feels like you're at a country club surrounded by business executives, and the food matches. Probably the best short rib of any place I've been, and we tried a few of their sharing plates with the Prarie Breeze Cheddar Popovers and the Short Rib Potstickers being our favorites. It's what you expect from Fox Restaurant Concepts, and I love that they have a coffee shop with delicious baked goodies if you simply wanna drop in, their hazelnut latte was amazing!笑
The henry,

The food was greta at The Henry. I had the kale dip and the quinoa tacos and they were delicious.  I guess the three stars are for the ambiance and host area. The host area is one "hot mess" they have no clue what they are doing at all. Its not clear where to go for a reservation or to sit yourself. The hostess was rude in person and on the phone when making the reservation so I'm assuming all of the hostess have attitude. It one instance since it was taking a while I asked the hostess how much longer and she literally and I mean literally snapped at me and told me they were working on it and had to wait, keep in mind it was the first time I asked.  the other star is because of how loud people were being at the bar watching a hockey game. The Henry seems to want to portray that of an upscale restaurant but if you look a little your right you will see tvs at the bar and guys screaming at a game. Are we a high endish/ trendy restaurant or a sports bar please decide and if you guys are sports bar than lower your price and make the menu longer.笑
Wow.  Tried the Henry after a long hot hike up Camelback.... It was fantastic!  We looooved the quinoa tacos and the roasted Brussel Caesar.  Service was a tick slow but the food was sooooo worth it.  Beautiful decor, as I've come to appreciate at all the Fox restaurants.  Well done Henry!! We will back!笑
Love love love the Henry!  It's the perfect place for any time of day ! Their breakfast , lunch, and dinner menus are all great ! Also love the decor !!! So relaxing !!!笑
First visit last night....awesome experience.  Service was great, a bit late seating us for our reservation, but no problem, they brought us a complimentary appetizer as we waited at the bar! Mule and Vodka with pulp were excellent. Popovers were a big hit - get them!  Norwegian salmon appetizer was really delicious.  Rotisserie chicken and the Mediterranean Branzino were great!  Topped it off with shared croissant bread pudding - WOW!  Great atmosphere, great service and great food - we'll be back!笑
Quoted a 35-45 min wait and was seated after an hour and 14 mins. Had come for brunch for my daughters birthday with her friends but since the wait was so long they ended up ordering burgers instead of brunch. The Henry would NOT have been my choice for burgers and I was very disappointed. The food arrived 26 mins after ordering making it just before noon by the time we were eating (good thing they didn't order breakfast). To make it worse, one of the girls burgers had a hair in it and therefore she didn't even eat it. I had been to The Henry before and thought it was the perfect place to take my daughter and her friends but I was incredibly disappointed. I will never return to The Henry, nor would I recommend it.笑
Super delicious. The waitress was friendly and knowledgeable. Food was amazing and the atmosphere was great. Came in a large group and they treated us very well. I can't wait to come back. This is a perfect place to hang out or go on date night. Everything was lovely笑
Excellent food, excellent service, lovely atmosphere, highly recommend.  We went on a Saturday night and the attire was dressy casual, there were lots of people in designer jeans and dress shorts and nice sandals.  Everything we had was delicious and I highly recommend the potstickers, the dip, Skirt Steak (which I normally only eat Filet, but I have to say this was tender and delicious, not your normal skirt steak), the braised short ribs and you HAVE to order the Peanut Butter Banana cake - yum, I can still taste it, was so good.  They have many vegetarian options, my friend LOVED the Quinoa Tacos.

It is good for groups, couples, friends, etc.  I saw a family eating on the outdoor patio with their kids(it was early like around 5pm).  Really nice choice and not as expensive as you would think it would be.  Appetizers and salads range from $11-$14.  Entrees from $22.  Well worth it.  It was a bit loud in there, was fine for talking to the friend next to me, but was hard for the person across the table to hear us.  Enjoy!笑
I have eaten at the Henry before. I love their decor, spacious with comfortable table seating. The service is always outstanding at the Henry. However the menu is a little bit limited. I noticed the menu hasn't changed much since the last time I ate there. I ordered the guacamole with chips ($10) as an appetizer. My main lunch was the club sandwich ($13); plus an order of side salad ($5). My friend ordered the scallops. She told me it's very good. My Club sandwich was ok; good portion. The turkey was just turkey ham. I expected it to be real roast turkey (as in Breakfast Club). The side salad was disappointing, just a few leaves next to the sandwich on the same plate. The guacamole was really small portion with a few chips on a narrow dish. All in all, I am not much impressed with the food or the menu. I was hoping for a better selection of food. With these prices, you will get a better quality & quantity somewhere else (I.e. The capital grille).笑
Fantastic Burger! I have been here for Breakfast, which I have loved their bacon, but had never eaten any other meal until today. I have the burger from the lunch menu and it was simply delicious. I have had burgers from most of the places throughout the valley known for their burgers, and this place has them all beat. Windsor has always been my favorite, but I think I have found a replacement. It is a very simple burger, but cooked perfectly with one of the softest buns I have ever had. Crazy soft, like air. Do not hesitate to eat the burger. Next time I will add bacon to it. I'm not kidding, they have the best bacon. Enjoy.笑
This is a very presentable place to take friends and relatives.  They have vegan items on their menu and a delicious bakery for those with a sweet tooth.  Nice!笑
Went for 15th anniversary on a Wednesday night. Place is ridiculously noisy. I don't enjoy that but seems to be a new thing for these restaurants. Think it is for the smartphone crowd that doesn't actually speak to each other. There is zero noise reduction materials in the place. Wide open to kitchen and bar is in restaurant area. So it is very very noisy. 

The food was good as was the service. Got drink orders right away and the drinks are all custom cocktails that most of probably have no clue what they actually out in them, even after you read it. Those smarter than you cocktails. Which usually turn out to be good. 

The caramelized scallops were really good but have had better (like Vogue Bistro). Popovers are excellent and the herb butter had an almost Tzatziki sauce flavor. Which I thought was very good. Ham butter was just alright. 

The lobster salad was ok but, to me, very overpriced and had some tough to chew greens. My wife couldn't even chew some of it. For me, too much of a mix of greens. Pick something. Little amount of lobster for the price. 

Thought the desert (peanut butter banana cake) was just alright. Not super impressed. More surprised they didn't buy it for us for anniversary. 

They really didn't make a big deal about anniversary which I found very odd. Why ask if we are celebrating something if you have zero intention of doing anything about it? Don't understand that. 

Personally I doubt I will be back as nothing was crave worthy or must have.笑
My boyfriend and I tried this place after a rigorous gym session. First, it's a beautiful unique restaurant that is fancy yet casual! It has an amazing San Diego/San Francisco feel. They make their own breads and dressings and as much as they can in-house and offer a lot of different foods and yummy salads! We split a salad and a sandwich and they split both for us! It was definitely enough food. The service was top-notch and accommodating. Great place to go post-workout and for couples or dates! :) Comfy seating, and a great atmosphere! We will definitely be back to try different salads and entrees. The food was delicious! Thank you for a great experience!!!笑
Dined in today for happy hour! We were only able to order either appetizers, salads or sandwiches as dinner didn't start until 5. I ordered the Prime steak sandwich (basically a glorified Philly cheesesteak) and it was delicious!!! I loved the ambience on the patio and the service was great. Ordered a soda, cocktail, 2 espressos, artichoke toast, 2 sandwiches and dessert and our bill was still under $80... not too shabby笑
Went there with family for a Saturday brunch at 11a.m. Made reservations a few days ahead of time, which helped expedite getting our table. Several of us ordered a Bloody Mary, which was divine! The Bloody Mary prep guy could have had more personality and generally been more friendly (because seriously, what a cool job to have), but oh well.  We ordered several different things off the menu and everything was tasty. The atmosphere was very lively and fun. Some people were dressed in workout clothes and casual, and some were fancied up a bit. Diverse crowd, which was nice.  All in all, my only wish is that they had more gluten free options, but regardless I will for sure be back.笑
Five star for popovers. Light, airy, served with rounds of regular and herbed butter. Gorgeous interior with Luxe Mag detail, from antique repro seltzer bottles as bathroom soap dispensers, to fresh herbs between rows of butcher block tables.  Five star for an inventive menu. Though not 100% to my personal taste, the Caesar with roasted Brussels sprouts was interesting. I like both, but I discovered that I prefer them separate.  The Caesar salad was anchovy traditional rather than creamy, if you are one to differentiate.笑
Great atmosphere, fantastic kids menu, delicious food, outstanding service, and in the neighborhood. So excited to have The Henry here. We highly recommend the Swedish meatballs, the cauliflower polenta is amazing, and sitting by the kitchen line is fun to watch.笑
I've been here many times and was shocked to notice I've not reviewed. I've tried so many things on the menus and have never had anything that wasnt terrific. Fresh ingredients and they always have unique twists that work perfect with their items like clementine and pistachios in the guacamole, pastrami on a pretzel roll, banana gelato with chocolate peanut butter molten cake. Not the same ol', humdrum food. 

I've been here when they're swamped and today they were quite busy, but the service is always the same. Genuine, welcoming and quick. We were seated immediately today, but, if you have to wait for a table, the drink service will make the time pass so fast. You'll forget you were waiting. 

The short rib potstickers are a must try in my opinion. My favorite salad is the ahi tuna salad. The Brussel sprout Caesar is a close 2nd. Their coolers and signature sodas are great too. 

Speaking of drinks, they have a fun cocktail menu with lots of beer and wine options. Then there's the coffee bar. Either way, you won't be disappointed. 

Sam Fox does a great job creating his concepts and hiring people great that deliver the experience. I just wish I lived closer. I would be a regular for sure!

P.S. I love the spoon tie clips!笑
My favorite fox restaurant! I need to find out who did their interior design because it's beautiful! And the food is great! I'm the kind of person who hates eating salads unless someone else makes it for me so this is where I go when I want a salad. Their menu changes and right now they have an ahi tuna salad. One of the best salads I've ever eaten and that's no exaggeration. This is the perfect place to come eat or grab a drink with a friend.笑
What a great experience. Our server Kati at The Henry was the best. She was really friendly, made good recommendations, and was attentive in the right way. My wife has food allergies and the staff at Henry know exactly what is in their food and make sure she is taken care of. Try the Fig & Ginger Mule if you like that kind of thing, she loved it. We started with the kale & garlic dip with veggies instead of bread, and the onion soup, both were great. I had the delicious and spicy Korean skirt steak, it is a smaller portioned steak but is packed full with flavor. We also had the Broccoli Cheddar Tortelli (pasta) which was really good but again a smaller portion. We finished the meal with the awesome bread pudding.笑
Now that I'm out of my food coma, I can review. On the rec of a great friend, I splurged today. Incredibly indulgent & amazing breakfast. The Wildflower coffee, cheddar popovers, brûléed pink grapefruit, flower child scramble and my waiter Matthew. The popovers were beyond delicious. By the time I got to my main I was already full!! I grabbed a brown butter salted caramel roll to go. So good I don't even know how to describe it. Heavenly. Mouthwatering. Sat out on the patio, wasn't rushed at all. Can't wait to go back for lunch or dinner.笑
My husband and I loved everything about this place! The decor is gorgeous with a lot of big windows and high ceilings and our meal was delicious. This is one of the few places we've been able to find a Pisco sour and it was perfect. Next time we're in Phoenix this will be one of our first stops!笑
Simply delicious food and superb service. Will return for sure. Food is fresh, seasoned well and presentation is great. Service and servers are first rate.笑
Had the Salmon Bagel Lux. On point, Bloody Mary cart was excellent and the Mimosas are to die for. Recommend the grapefruit and Yusuf. Iced coffee was great as well.  Server was a little absent, but we were the only table in the back of the patio also. She was a great server though,笑
Best and beautiful latte.  Ask Kyle to make yours!  Beautiful designs.  Love all of their breakfast foods!笑
This is a very comfortable restaurant. The food is very good. We had the kale artichoke dip with lavosh and pita. The dip is very flavorful. It is a bit salty but it goes well with the beverages. The prime New York strip was perfect and the combo of scalloped potatoes and steak sauce were magnificent. I had the Korean skirt steak. Perfect for me but it could be s bit spicy for other people. The braised short ribs were melt in your mouth, warm your heart comfort food. We brought our family. Our 7 year old wanted "meat" and the chef graciously made a spiceless skirt steak and French fries, which he literally gobbled. The  server was great.  He was knowledgeable and thoughtful and very attentive. Fox restaurants always deliver 5 star quality.笑
This place gets a higher rating for the location and ambiance than the food. I've never been overly impressed with my dishes here. That said I haven't really been disappointed either. They have some great breakfast items for Sunday brunch. They also have a good coffee stand and a killer working environment. If you need a place out of the house for a meet and greet or to knock out some work the venue can't be beat for a casual meeting or getting some focus in.笑
Basis for my starred ratings (which skews heavily to the food or drink):
1 star:  Never again.
2 stars:  Poor food, poor experience, extraordinary measures in order for me to come back.
3 stars:  Average, nothing really special, nothing particularly bad.
4 stars:  Very good, would definitely return.
5 stars:  A favorite, one of the best.

Sam Fox, the man knows what he's doing.  The Henry follows the model of all his other restaurants with a more upscale neighborhood feel - above average food at a price point just a tad higher than the competition.  Add the cool atmosphere and some little personal touches, and that's what makes this man so successful.

My wife thinks this is the best brunch in the Valley.  It is, indeed, a very good brunch.  They have a Bloody Mary cart available to make your own Bloody Mary Creation.  My wife raves, RAVES, about the carrot cake pancakes.  It is thick and cakey and not too sweet and really quite tasty.  I opt for savory dishes and have had the chicken fried chicken (crispy and good), the original egg sandwich (very messy, filling, and good), and the Le Pig sandwich (actually lighter than the egg sandwich and also quite tasty.)

Get the popovers.  Cheesy, salty, with ham butter.  Get them all the time.

The roasted chicken with sides is one of the better roast chicken dishes we've had (not including Peruvian or Cuban chicken, both superior.)  The roast chicken here compares well with the chicken at Ocotillo, moist and flavorful.  I would skip the Korean style skirt steak.  It's barely reminiscent of Korean food (except for a hint of smokiness in the meat) and was under-seasoned for something that bills itself as Korean, especially in the meat department.  My wife often gets the branzino, which she has always enjoyed - never overcooked.  And the pork chop here is huge.  It is not butterflied and still cooked well all the way through.  The cauliflower "polenta" is one of the best side dishes I've ever had.

Get lots of drinks too.  Their cocktails are pretty tasty, they have a decent brown liquor selection (not as good as The Gladly), and there are enough wines on their list to pair with whatever is on the menu.

Good solid food, upscale local joint, one of the best concepts that Fox has to offer.笑
This is one of my favorite restaurants. Everyone is polite, the food is wonderful, and I love the environment.
I always get the Heirloom Quinoa Tacos, my mother gets the Salmon Salad (however she changes it to chicken due to allergies); the food is ALWAYS fresh and tasty! Not to mention the Bread Pudding Dessert is to die for..

Now that being said.. today there was an employee dusting in the middle of lunch rush. Not only was it very distracting but it was not acceptable for a meal of that price. 

Would i recommend this restaurant? Yes I would.笑
I love the vibe in this place. Great ambiance! The cocktails were delicious and so was the food. Our waitress was great, very sweet girl, but the food took FOREVER to come out. We also made reservations for 9 pm and weren't seated until about 20 minutes after that. I'm pretty sure they confused our party. However, the low tables where you can get drinks were great and overall i really loved the place. I am dying to go get brunch there so i can see it during daylight.笑
We've been here many times but I never got around to writing a review. Came here for brunch today since we slept in and didn't feel like heading to the gym. Figured we would also get our flights booked for Cancun while we were there since we had the maids at our house cleaning. 

We both got the pineapple & passionfruit mimosas. They were yummy but I think I prefer the traditional mimosas. Always nice to get something you haven't had before though. Brian also got some espresso - needed the caffeine to start his day. 

For my meal, I went with the spicy sausage scramble - it had spinach, zucchini and and deliciousness (I honestly can't remember because I annihilated it). It came with some breakfast potatoes. I was craving breakfast food while my boyfriend wanted a lunch entree. He got the turkey French dip with French fries. The French fries are bomb and the truffle aioli is definitely a nice dipping sauce. I'm a big fan of truffled anything. 

Coincidently, we were seated next to a table celebrating a bachelorette party. I believe it was the mothers that showed up a little later and there weren't enough seats at their table for the 2 of them so Brian and I moved over to another table so they could be with their party. We found out that they wanted to pay for our tab because of our gesture to switch tables. My boyfriend is from Philly and he sure does love his sports - we found out that the lady who wanted to pay our bill has a daughter who's father-in-law is Ron Hextall (GM of the Philly Flyers). 

Small world! Plus, our server grew up in Philly/NJ. She was very friendly and seemed to be a great server. I wish I could remember her name. 

I apologize if this review was more about us instead of the food but I had to share!笑
I find it hard to believe that The Henry has been open two months.  My experience there this afternoon was more like a soft opening experience. 

I arranged to meet some friends at The Henry to try it out.  Being a big fan of Fox Restaurants my expectations may have been high.  Combined with the fact that there has been a lot of news about Fox going national AND the corporate office being upstairs....  I was really expecting something like Olive and Ivy +1. 

Finding the front door and hostess station at The Henry is your first challenge.  They are both well designed to cause confusion.  I managed to wave down a server and ask where the front door was and she let me know I had just entered it.  Imagine my confusion as I was standing in the middle of the dining room.  She then pointed out the hostess stand where 5 bored looking servers and 4 confused hostesses hunched over something on an old office desk.  I followed an equally confused couple to the crowd and listened as it was explained where HH was served.  The couple walked away after having a minor melt down similar to the one I felt brewing, as did the servers, leaving me alone with 2 of the hostesses that (not realizing I was not with the couple) turned back to their desk and completely ignored me.  This after telling the couple it was their first day.  Listen ladies... first rule of the hospitality industry.... be hospitable??!   

Once I stepped up and overheard them talking about their outfits I interrupted to let them know I would sit on the patio with my 6 friends (which she had JUST explained to the couple was open seating).  I witnessed SHEAR PANIC on this young womans face as she stammered out: '"Six?!... Ummmm.... The server should be here soon for that area I'll see if I can find them if you want to wait"'.  Really?  Its open seating, its not staffed, I've been in this restaurant for 15 minutes now, and I havent spoken to a single person I didn't initiate conversation with.  

I eventually found a seating area inside, 1 foot from another couple, on my own, and we had our drinks.  HH is drinks only, and kind of weak at that.... $2 off well and $5 beer from 4pm-6pm M-F, no food specials.  Not that there is any munchy food on the menu... its all pretty frou frou, as is the crowd: botox be thy name.  

I've heard over and over that the food is amazing, but I couldn't care less.  If you cant make me feel welcome and blow me away with atmosphere and HH specials there are about 1000 other places in the area code that can,  including North Arcadia where we had a amazing dinner after hastily departing The Henry.  Do yourself a favor and wait another 6 months for The Henry to work out its growing pains.笑
Other than the fact that a reservation is only an appointment to be late the place is worthy of its four star rating. Its comfort food at a comfortable price. Decor is great, the staff friendly and helpful. Will certainly be back with the expectation of waiting with or without a reservation.笑
Have been to the coffee shop a couple of times now and really like it!  I would say this coffee is better than Lux.  I really like that they have almond milk, the lattes are EXCELLENT.  The folks working at the coffee bar are always very friendly.  Will definitely be back over and over.  Look forward to trying the restaurant some day.笑
I found a piece of glass in my dessert.  The GM apologized and said he'd look into the issue and make it right.  He came back and said it was likely plastic from a fruit skewer and that the desserts would be taken off the bill.  $14 (~10%) off the final bill - don't do me any favors.  And don't tell me it was plastic when I was the one who shattered it in my teeth.  

Garbage experience and worse recovery.笑
Our waitress was darling and so exuburiant and was very knowledgeable about the menu. What she suggested was her favorite (the bolognese) is now our favorite --talk about amaZing!! The decor is covetable --I want my house to look like this! Everything was amazing!!笑
Very cool place, surprisingly relaxed for a Friday night, but I am ok with that! 

We sat at the bar and tried all the Mules they make. The bartender was attentive and FAST, also very nice! She even made us a special tequila Mule from her own concoction! It was great. We went outside and hung out, it was extremely pleasant. I would love to be back! 

Thanks!笑
***This review is for the breakfast bar.***

I've been thinking about going in for awhile now and I am so glad that I did! This place is adorable. It looks like a library meets a hotel lobby. It definitely could be a wonderful place to work from home or for a business meeting. 

As for the food, I tried the egg sandwich and the salted carmel sticky bun. OMG the salted carmel sticky bun was out of this world and it was especially nice because it wasn't too heavy like a normal cinnamon bun. It was thinner and lighter. The egg sandwich was solid and enjoyable.

The only downside (which wasn't big) is that the coffee is just so-so and they only have one option to choose from, but that could change since they are new.

Overall a great experience and I will definitely be returning!笑
I met a friend and business associate for lunch at The Henry today (Tuesday) at 11:30 AM.  Remember that I said "11:30 AM on a Tuesday."  On arrival, I found parking at the restaurant to be nearly impossible; drivers were hovering in the parking lot waiting for someone to leave so as to secure a space.  I had to park off-site in order to make it to the appointment on time.  I was later told that the corporate folks from Fox Restaurants were conducting a meeting upstairs, and had impacted available parking.  If true, it is an interesting reflection on their customer service perspective.

Once inside, however, we found the service to be prompt and courteous.  Our server, Meagan, was great.  The food appeared quickly and was quite good.  My only reason for not granting 5 stars to this restaurant is the parking difficulty, and the degree to which the problem might well have been caused by the restaurant's own management.笑
Was really surprised with my whole visit. Staff was friendly and made sure we got taken care of while we waited for our friends to arrive. The atmosphere was fun and vibrant and of course the food was top notch. Normally not one for trendy spots, but this was a very pleasant night out with some great friends. Definitely hope to come back. The bill was about what you'd expect for a nice night out with friends. Probably a every once in a while place for most, but you'll have a great night when you do visit.笑
I'm always up for a new experience. Recently a business associate, who hangs at some very cool places, suggested a meeting at a place with another associate. While I know the FOX Group to be one of THE BEST operations around, I hadn't heard of The Henry so... I was ready. (OK, I don't get out as much as I should)

I got there early and was overly impressed that Phoenix would have such a cool place. Very industrial look mixed with some vintage furniture and enough modern touches to keep it interesting, and comfortable. I thought, with FOX's attention to detail and quality, I knew  THIS is going to be nice.

My associate arrived and asked for "his table" in the back. A booth against the back wall that was quiet enough to have our small business meet and greet. As expected, the service was impeccable, and very tolerant as our business gathering of 3 took up some table space during lunch. It definitely warranted a large tip for her patience and gracious service.

And have got to say that the Pastrami sammy was great! Lean but juicy, with a terrific crunchy slaw, tangy swiss and aioli. Generally for me, the bread is there just to hold everything together, so I'm not overly excited about it (unless it's a great "make you pucker" San Fran sourdough) but the pretzel roll was just enough without being "bready," distracting, and hiding the goodies inside. The accompanying salad had a light dressing and, while looking a lot like terrific lawn clippings, (just an observation NOT a complaint) it was great addition and compliment to the sandwich.

Combining the class of this place, the most intriguing and interesting surroundings, the professional waitstaff (with the greatest smile), the very tasty food at a decent price... and it's on my "got to go back list." A friend wants to take me out for my birthday so... I think I know where dinner will be.

Can't say enough about the atmosphere and professionalism of this place - just what you'd expect from a FOX operation - and can't imagine you'd ever be disappointed. I'm anxious to try happy hour, see how their Long Islands are and dig into my birthday dinner.

Enjoy!笑
Amazing cocktails and their truffle fries are TDF. I have tried several things on their menu and never disappointed. Staff and very professional & very knowledgeable. If you are looking for a place in Arcadia to go, def go here. Another well established Arcadia culinary must..笑
This place is super cute, open, trendy and a very loud atmosphere.  I would recommend this place for happy hour with friends.  The food was really good.  I tried the roasted chicken and it was amazing.  There was so much food on my plate that I had to to get a doggy bag, but it definitely was eaten later on that night.  I heard there is an awesome patio, but due to the beautiful weather, there was no seating available.笑
I've been wanting to eat here for a while but we live in Ahwatukee and don't get to Arcadia that often. We were up for a long run so we stopped in at the Henry afterwards. Had a wonderful breakfast. Between the three of us we ordered the spicy chicken sausage scramble, the quinoa burrito, and the egg White turkey omelette. Everything was delicious. I really loved the portion size. Small enough that we didn't feel stuffed at the end of the meal. The design of the restaurant is so beautiful I want to move in. Please Fox Restaurant Concepts, can you build something in Ahwatukee?笑
I was underwhelmed the first time at The Henry, and subsequently, my best friend dined there and rated it one star, Against better judgment, we decided to give it another shot. We went with another couple, to celebrate his birthday. Our server made the evening enjoyable, simply by her incompetence providing laughs.

He ordered a bottle of champagne , and was served a glass. We pointed it out,, and she tried to tell us that we did not order a bottle. Well, we all heard it, and she was wrong. She relented, and said she would go get it, and tried to take the glass away. We all know it was going in the trash - so when we told her not to take it away and she said she'd add the glass to our check, we all looked at each other, then her, and asked her to leave it. She agreed, and said she would have to charge us for it. I was flabbergasted. Ultimately her coworker witnessed the event and took it off for us.

The entire evening went like that. It was like she couldn't agree with us on anything. She closed out the evening without disappointing our expectation of more poor service and argumentative behavior.

We asked for dessert menus. She told my wife that the bread pudding was amazing, and practically melts in your mouth. My wife said, yes, I'll have that. Our friends ordered an espresso. She said she'd be right back with the espresso, and dessert menus, so we could see if wanted to order anything.  We said, we just want the previously ordered bread pudding, which unbelievably she didn't agree that we had just ordered. In fact she got confrontational about it. I'm sorry, but are we not the customer?

One star, not going back. Thanks Henry!笑
I liked this place. It was friendly, and surprisingly busy for a Sunday night when I went with my parents.笑
The decor is adorbs! On trend w the other hipster spots coming up. Came here for dinner w some friends and I can't say I was wowed by the food. Ordered the scallops and my boo ordered the short ribs. He enjoyed his dish but he's easier to please than me. My scallops were cooked well but I think it lacked dimension. Probably bc I told the waitress to omit the raisin based sauce on it... But she told me it wouldn't take too much away from the dish... Think she was wrong on that one. Another let down was the poppets... They put emphasis on this item on the menu so I was disappointed that no one at our table of 4 enjoyed it. 

Later that week I spoke to several ppl who have been here and they had one thing in common to say about The Henry... "You don't go there for dinner, you go there for their brunch menu."

Haha whoopsies... Well at least now I know...笑
Fantastic.  Only complaint was the late reservation.  Great ambiance. Great staff. Great menu. And delicious food.  Branzino and braised short rib are pretty incredible. Prices are fair based on quality.  Possibly a larger wine list (by glass). Definitely going back.笑
Mmmmm...quinoa tacos are freaking awwwwwwesome!!!

I met a friend for lunch, he had been, I had not. I always scope out the yelp reviews before coming, because as a veggiesaur I like to know if I have options or if I should pregame it prior to coming to I'm not starving.

I had a bit of an inward struggle trying to decide between the seasonal vegetarian salad and the medallion quinoa tacos and SO glad I went with the tacos. They are a little small, so if you have a huge appetite, I would recommend getting a side to go with, but for me they were perfectly sized and delish. Great flavor and mix of crunchy/soft ingredients.

The atmosphere is super cool as well, I am loving the walls in here!!

Oh and a small tip if I may, make a reservation on open table prior to your visit to ensure ultra fast seating during the lunch hour. :)

I will be back for brunch in my near future because I saw many great mouthwatering pictures on good ole yelp that are making my stomach growl!笑
There is so much to try here that I have not yet had the pleasure! I have been here twice and for both occasions it was for breakfast. I have gotten the Flower Child Scramble both times as it is absolutely divine. It comes with a side of hash browns that are always cooked to perfection! I have also had a mimosa there and they make them with fresh oranges, yum! The other guests I dined with had the Carrot Cake Pancakes, the Le Pig, and some sort of Mexican scramble that they all loved! Overall, breakfast is A+, I just need to come here for lunch/dinner next!笑
Went in last night for dinner and our server Dana was wonderful! Super friendly, very attentive and was able to answer every question we had about the menu. The food was amazing, but the service we received really made the night great.

Thanks Dana!笑
A solid establishment

I have to say the best customer service in the last decade of dining out, along with high-level food and good ambience.笑
This place is awesome! Just the set up of the inside and outside dining area is so urban-but-classy-like it already won me over when I first walked in. It's really big on the inside with couches, dining tables, a bar and whatnot and the outside eating area is spacious as well. 

I didn't get to try anything on their menu besides the dessert and some drinks so I can't really give a review on how the food is, but what I did order it was very enjoyable. I had the chocolate peanut butter molten cake with ice cream and my friend got the bread pudding I believe, both tasted really good and not overpowering on the flavors, worth the price and I would order it again. The drinks I ordered on the other hand.......not even gonna go there because I'm not that big a fan of alcohol so I can't give an accurate review of it. But I'm sure that majority people who orders a drink on the menu like it. 

The waiter was very nice, helpful and prompt, even when requested another drink because I didn't like first one I ordered. I would definitely come back to try out their food menu because I liked the set up so much!笑
Went here for brunch for the first time with my boyfriend. Be sure to make a reservation if you are planning on going in for brunch on the weekend as they are packed! Our waiter was not very attentive to us at all (probably talked to us twice) because it was packed and she totally forgot to bring us our drinks (the Wildflower coffee and a fresh squeezed orange juice) which we ended up getting for free (at the end of our meal...). However, my boyfriend got the egg sandwich and it was really good, while I got the breakfast burrito--it was pretty yummy. The fresh squeezed orange juice was our favorite part-- so delicious! And I will be back to visit the coffee bar and try their other coffee flavors.笑
seriously love this place! great place, decor, and amazing food! honestly no way to disappoint!笑
The coffee is amazing but the breakfast food isn't that good, honestly. Pretty place and good vibes but wasn't blown away by the food.笑
I'm a big fan of the FOX restaurants - high quality food, service, atmosphere.  The price is a little high, but worth the consistency.  I love the idea of The Henry - FOX corporate upstairs, beautiful upscale family/neighborhood diner feel with a busy bar and beautiful coffee/study area in the same place.  The design, decor, patio, service, and ambiance are all top notch. 

You may already deduce that my low rating must reflect the food.  Correct, Watson.  Breakfast/brunch is great, but the lackluster dinner menu disappoints.  I've done it (dinner) 4 times just to be sure; but nothing is jaw-dropping or inspiring.  Plain fish in smallish portions, short ribs that are blah, other items that other places do better.  Furthermore, the menu has been the same since the beginning.  I will come back for breakfast/brunch, a drink, or coffee; but - especially for the price - never again dinner.  You will see in another related review that I prefer Chelsea's Kitchen, a cousin right up the road.笑
First time here and won't be the last.  
I had the carrot cake pancake that was amazing. Was worried that it would be too much but was perfect.  Doesn't come with sides so I ordered the potatoes as a side.  Both are items I would have again but curious about the apple caramel french toast.
They have a table side cart of Bloody Mary -they use several different infused vodka's.  
Ambiance is great.  They have a patio if you want to chill outside and your fur babies can join you table side.  Inside looks like a beach house.  Very comfy and inviting.
Will be back to check out the rest of the menu.笑
I had the salmon which was the best ever. Carlos had the black cod which was amazing. This is a great place . You must go!笑
Carrot cake pancakes.
That is all.

Those were the most amazing pancakes i have had EVER.

Was visiting from out of town, went here on a Saturday morning, and yes there was a wait at 1pm.  I think we waited almost an hour.

While service isn't the fastest, i didn't mind as I'm from a big city, and we are always on the go.  
The food is OUTSTANDING. The breakfast burrito was also really good, and a healthy option which was nice.
Love their outside deck area笑
I have had the pleasure of dining at The Henry threw times now. The ambiance of this place is AMAZING. The decor is so cute and homey, a nice lounge area too with couches.

The first time I went I had brunch and it was delicious. Great coffee, mimosa, pastries, and breakfast entrees. 

The other times we went for dinner. I don't remember what I had the first time, but it wasn't anything memorable. This time I had the chopped salad ($14) and I was not in love with it. 

The cocktail menu is extensive though and the drinks are delicious!笑
Came here for Valentine's Day Brunch. They quoted an hour wait but sat us in 20 minutes. Excellent first impression. 
Ordered the grapefruit to Begin and it was like creme brûlée - only, no guilt. Yum! 

My husband got a custom Bloody Mary from the man pushing around a cart of every type of infused vodka you could want, with toppings and spices galore. He said it was de-lish. 

For our main course, I ordered the flower child omelet which was incredible. It had butternut squash, which I was skeptical about initially but it made the omelet so unique! The potatoes were over cooked and blah, so I would suggest subbing for fruit. 

My husband ordered the quinoa breakfast burrito and I was having trouble prying it from his deadlocked fingers for a bite. It was so tasty! Packed a lot of southwestern flavors and the avocado was the icing! 

My friend ordered the chicken fried chicken and he was the first one done. He said he would most likely dream about that meal later in his sleep. I didn't try it, but the presentation was cute with the eggs on top. Very "brunch". 

Highly, highly recommend!!笑
Bread pudding to go was not very good :(  The raisins were tough and chewy and far too many of them.(  More raisins than pudding)  Maybe I had high expectations due to reviews and radio interview, but still disappointed -service was very slow as well.  Nice atmosphere and decor though.笑
EFFICIENCY!!  

I sat at the bar and watched this group of professionals work it. And work it well. 

Smiling servers, serving, a friendly bartender, an excellent dispatcher that was so on top of her game, it was impressive to watch her work (Sunday, 1/22/2017, 6pm or so)

Here's my problem: not worth the $.  Too expensive. 

I ordered the Korean Style Skirt Steak for $26. It was good. It was. And, in no way, shape, form or function, worth $26. I'm not even sure it's worth half that. 

So me and yet another Sam Fox restaurant have to agree to disagree. 

Professional?  Yes. Worth the tab?  0h hell no!笑
A great new Fox Concepts restaurant! Good food, reasonably priced drinks and cozy patio. I will definitely go back again.笑
Fox concepts restaurant. Made a reservation ahead of time for a late brunch. Wait time was about 30 minutes. The look and feel of the place had elements of an office and other unique pieces. 

Servers were dressed in a light pink button up shirt, striped ties, vertical striped aprons; and the men seem to be wearing oxfords to complement the look. Spiffy. I asked Seth, our server, to do a run through of the menu of the favorites. 

Some of the breakfast/brunch favorites are the quinoa burrito, carrot cake pancake, chicken fried chicken,  smoked Norwegian salmon, roasted turkey french dip and CB and Rye. I opted to go for the Le Pig which had diced potatoes  and scrambled egg, ham and gruyere cheese squished between a pillowed toasted croissant. The chicken fried chicken had biscuit halves with fried breaded chicken on each and 2 sunny side up eggs with gravy sauce surrounding the set. Every bite of each plate was scrumptious.  

I'm not a day drinker by any means but I had to try the Henry's Private Island drink made with some acai liquor and some acai juice and other juices. 1/3 of it was just enough for me! 

Had to try bread pudding since I'm a huge fan of it! Vanilla bean ice cream scoop sat on top of the bread pudding with large golden raisins sprinkled throughout. Paired with the Cleo which is almond milk, hazelnut and espresso. 

Super service from Seth and the staff. Seth was helpful, cheerful and had an amiable personality. I'm planning on coming back here to try the rest of the menu!!笑
Just had my first meal here and I'm already planning my next visit!

What a great addition to the Arcadia area.  The atmosphere is stellar, very big and open, trendy but not over the top.  They were completely booked and we had no reservation but luckily we found two spots in the bar area and were able to order right away.  We decided to share a few things since deciding on one item seemed impossible.  We got the popovers with ham butter (YUP it's a real thing), grilled artichoke hearts, and salmon salad.  We ate every drop of food and were so satisfied - seriously, I'm coming back ASAP to try more things on the menu.  

A++ Henry!笑
A fun place to have happy hour! Plenty of energy in the air!  Tried a few of their happy hour apps.  The korean bbq beef tacos were my favorite. I had two orders all to myself.  The guacamole was okay.  I little more citrus juice could have gone a long way.  Really enjoyed the mule. There were no cocktails on the happy hour menu.笑
The Henry is Arcadia's elegant twin to Scottsdale's oh-so-scenester Olive & Ivy.  Where Olive & Ivy is flamboyantly contemporary, boisterous, and as loud as it can possibly be,  The Henry is cleverly Olde English Riding Club, self consciously refined and keeps its volume well under control (all without being stuffy, however).  Both are phenomenal places to get together with friends, it's just The Henry exudes a more intellectual and intelligent atmosphere while Olive & Ivy is about letting your inhibitions drop as much as you can in public.  I love them both.  The food is spectacular at both.  Just know that The Henry is the place for young hipsters who want to act like Old New York Moneyed types, and Olive & Ivy is for affluent Middle Aged professionals who want to enjoy playing at being Kardashians.   Get into the right mindset and you'll have a fantastic time at either one!笑
I went to the Henry for my birthday dinner with my husband and a few friends. We found out when we got there that it was restaurant week and there were some good deals to choose from on the restaurant week menu. Our waitress kept our glasses full and did a great job handling our excessive questions about the menu and drinks. 

The drinks that came from I'm the bar were fantastic, a majority of the food was delicious, service was great. I would recommend the Henry to friends.

What I would suggest trying: 

Cocktails- From the menu, Ole Kentucky and Texas Paloma were solid. Also had a mojito and it was just good.

Appetizers- Made to Order Guacamole and Smoked Norwegian Salmon

Entrees- Skuna Bay Salmon and Braised Short Rib (The Roasted Chicken wouldn't be a first choice)

Desserts: I tried the Lemon Meringue Tart and Warm Croissant Bread Pudding and didn't care for either of them.笑
Bomb dot com. Seriously, you have got to try this bad boy out. Best hamburgers, EVER!!! Their truffle fries are out of this world as well. 

Beautiful atmosphere. 

If you're in the mood for a cocktail, order yourself a Moscow Mule. Hello mama! Delish.笑
Took the family here for breakfast last week and it was a great experience. The wait was modest but immediately my family and I were pleased with the layout of the space. Plenty of room in the oversized booths. 

My brother and I tried 4 of their cocktails and had a hard time picking a favorite. My sister and mother had a couple of their coffee drinks. They were happy with their choices. 

The food was excellent all around. I had scrabble that was on the menu and it was cooked just right. The egg was fluffy but rich and the ingredients were well blended and though out. 

Service was spot on and quick. It was a great trip and we will be back for sure.笑
Sad, sad experience and now my least favorite Fox restaurant. Visited the Henry for the first time this past Friday for happy hour and dinner. Happy hour here is only for draft and well drinks, so we didn't benefit from it food-wise. We were greeted by a timid, shaky waiter on the patio and ordered the truffle fries (Applebee's-quality) short rib/s and pork chop. The short rib/s were quite small and lack-luster for the price (the similar dishes at North and Chelsea's just down the street could knock this tiny nightmare entree out). Pork chop was gigantic, but let's be honest- my mom makes better and it doesn't cost me $20+. 

At the end of the meal, I felt horrible paying $92 for 3 "happy hour" priced drinks, a fry appetizer and 2 entrees. HUH?!笑
Great food, potstickers were amazing, best I've had. Skirt steak was a bit heavily seasoned, but good. Service was great, sat at the bar all night to watch the ALCS Wild Card Game, which was 5 1/2 hours long, but was comfortable the whole time and kept in good sprints by the bar staff. Great decor, nice staff, solid food, great location.笑
The salon of "The Greatest Neighborhood Restaurant" exhibits an inventory of classics. Above a Davy's Gray and Carolina Blue patterned settee hang five frames of abstract art evocative of Damien Hirst "spot paintings." Metal Tolix chairs border a polished wood table aglow under the lights of burnished antique two-arm table lamps. An emerald velvet booth extends to an entryway, which reveals an Arcadian terrace that offers a generous cue of shade. This American brasserie, dubbed The Henry, exemplifies a Roaring (Twenties) sophistication.

A remarkable accomplishment is discovered in the duality of the culinary cues at The Henry. Where classical dinners are supplied in the evening, contemporary breakfasts are enjoyed in the noontime. In his book, American Food: The Gastronomic Story, Evan Jones, the late food writer famed for his efforts to bring the winning accents of American cuisine to the fore, references this mealtime character called brunch. He traces its culinary heritage to 1930s' America. This dynamic that sees a harmony amid design and cuisine at The Henry is one that advances the restaurant as a space of fulfillment and gathering for family and friends.笑
Came in today for breakfast while on vacation.  The reviews were great on Yelp, but we were disappointed.  During the week, you order breakfast from the coffee bar and it is delivered to you table.  I will say that I gave it 3 stars because it is beautiful inside.  I mean it...this space is amazing.  The coffee was gross.  The service was awful.  My scramble was dry.  The portions were quite small.  Maybe try it on the weekends when they supposedly have full service.笑
The food was amazing, and the whole place has a really nice atmosphere. The guacamole was strangely delicious (clementines and pistachios in it!). The handmade chips were delish, though a tad on the greasy side. The pasta bolognese was amazing. 

The wine list was solid. Service was so great - I forget her name, but she was so nice, really knowledgeable and made great recommendation. 

Would definitely go here the next time I'm in the area!笑
Went here yesterday for the first time. I ordered the chicken fried chicken. Chicken was a bit over cooked. With the exception of the potatoes, the food was bland and didn't have much taste to it. Salt and pepper really didn't help either. The food looked nice on my plate though I guess. Didn't want to make a big deal by sending my food back b/c I was just there to enjoy my friends. Don't think I'd return though笑
the ambiance/circuses are ok....but the food is actually fast food hiding in fancy clothing...expensive but mehhh. the popovers are no way near as good as those at BLT /camelback Inn.  The place is ok but kind of caters to the Arcadia types and takes advantage of them. Expense does not match the value.笑
Came for brunch for the first time and fall in love with the place. We had turkey sandwich and tuna poke bowl, the sandwich was ok but the bowl was beyond my expectation.笑
Matt was our server and was PHENOMENAL!!!!!  He guided us through the menu and helped us choose delicious entrees. From there he was so incredibly knowledgeable on the cocktail menu to help us not only have dinner drinks but after dinner drinks. The scotch monroy is amazing and is something I would have never tried without Matt's expertise.笑
I really like this place. I often office here for the day. The Turkey French Dip and Kale Slaw is my favorite lunch. Le Pig is my favorite breakfast meal. Good atmosphere.  Be prepared to wait during hot peak times.笑
This place was recommended by a foodie, but when we drove up and saw what a huge place it is we were doubtful -- usually, we find restaurants that seat that many people focus on quantity rather than quality. We were wrong -- the food was outstanding! Grilled & chilled shrimp were perfectly cooked, and Brie toast was decadent and fresh at the same time. His short-rib was fall-apart delish; my tortellini was excellent, though the sauce was a bit thin. Desserts were good, but not TD4. We arrived at 5 pm on a Saturday, with no reservation, and while the place was definitely busy we didn't have to wait for a table. When we come back (and we will), we'll sit on the patio because the open kitchen & hard surfaces make it really loud inside. It's a real mix of clientele...hipsters side-by-side with granddads, which I think is cool.笑
Okay. I call this "rich people food", OMG we spent $125 and did not get much. But what we got was good. The drinks were expensive but excellent. Salads, awesome. Brunch, awesome. Sandwich, awesome. Check came, coronary time. If someone else is buying, I will consider it. But I prefer a $15 buzz with wings any day. Plus, I can wear jeans and a tee. Not here. Like a country club feel, really. It is a nice treat.笑
This place is hit or miss for me. I have been. On a few different occasions and the drinks are always top notch. Most of the apps are great too...but the main courses have always left something to be desired for me. I still hate the note card on the table to mark that you haven't had service, it shows inexperience, and often times you're still waiting to long with the card. 

I typically just for for drinks and apps. I'll have to try dessert now that I have read a couple reviews on that.笑
Found this place on yelp on a trip to Phoenix.  Great place for breakfast... super healthy ingredients if your looking for that.  A very interesting decor.  Kind of southern, eclectic, down home ish. But not cluttered and done tastefully. 

I had the french toast. Really good but didn't come with butter.  I know!  Kind of the new thing... But had to ask for butter.  Full plate of french toast and filling. 
Everything was really good.

You can get a latte to go from the coffee shop inside... get a pastry for take out.

WHEN I LEFT I WAS THINKING: Great find on a quick trip to Phoenix.笑
Wow, this food was great!! I recommend the kale and garlic dip for starters. It's not heavy and tastes great with the bread and crackers. The Korean Skirt Steak was absolutely, wonderfully delicious (just amazing) so tender with a little kick and very filling. The Chinese Chicken Salad was fresh, light and the perfect summer salad. The Salmon Salad was incredible! Brussel sprouts, cauliflower, mushrooms and kale with a light lemon vinaigrette topped with a wonderful piece of salmon. Split a piece of the peanut butter/dark chocolate covered banana custard and you won't be disappointed. I'll be dreaming about this dinner until next time!笑
My work hosted their annual holiday part at the Henry and it was amazing. From the venue to the food and the drinks, both my husband and I loved it. We are dying to come back!

Upon arrival, my husband and I were escorted outside to the heated patio. Our party had the entire patio to ourselves and there was plenty of seating and room to mingle. It was decorated beautifully with lights strung up and a fire going near the back. Several waiters were taking drink orders and I snagged a cocktail menu. I ordered a fig and ginger mule - it was delicious. My husband ordered a drink as well, but I can't recall the exact name. It was in a tall Collins glass and lemony. He said it was one of his favorite drinks and he would come back and order it again and again.

As we mingled, several bruschetta type hors d'oeuvres were being offered. I tried both the brie with pear and a salmon hors d'oeuvre. Both were delicious. 

After cocktail hour was over, we sat down to enjoy several appetizers. We tried a spinach and artichoke dip that was delicious. It was both creamy and rich with a lot of flavor. Then there was a shrimp appetizer with dipping sauces. The shrimp were succulent and cooked perfectly. Finally, we enjoyed a Brussel sprout salad. I'll admit, it was not what I was expecting but delicious! It was like a Caesar salad with crispy Brussel sprout leaves added in. 

There were several entrée options - a vegetarian option, a fish option, a chicken option, and a beef option. My husband and I went for the short rib with mashed potatoes. I'm so glad we did because it was fantastic! The short rib was extremely tender and flavorful. The mashed potatoes were creamy and rich. Both complemented each other nicely and I would definitely order again.

For dessert, everyone was served a teeny-tiny slice of German chocolate cake. Now, I love German chocolate cake and this was like a tease. It was good but not very substantial. Not sure if this is the regular sized portion or different since it was a holiday party. 

After dessert, I ordered a hot vanilla latte and a co-worker ordered the Wildflower (vanilla, espresso, steamed milk, and a splash of chai). I didn't specify a size and I'm not sure if they have multiple sizes, but I was brought a 12oz cup of delicious. The espresso was a little strong and not too sweet, even with the vanilla. My co-worker enjoyed her drink as well. I would definitely come back for another latte! 

Overall, it was a fantastic experience. I will definitely be back to try their brunch and other dinner items. The food was superb and the drinks were on point.笑
For myself, The Henry is the place to grab coffee and breakfast while I do some work.  However, when friends were in town last weekend, I couldn't wait to show off this spot to them and we headed over for lunch.  We started with the white truffle Parmesan fries with spicy ketchup and creamy truffle aioli, they were fresh and hard to stop eating.  For the table we got the Roasted Brussels Sprout Salad, Original Chinese Chicken Salad and the Kale and Apple Salad.  Clearly ladies were lunching healthily.

In all honesty, the food was good but we had expected that the Roasted Brussels Sprout salad would be full of shaved Brussels sprouts and not just a few halved into the salad.  When you list it as a Brussels Sprout salad, I think people assume it's more Brussels than romaine but that's only my opinion and I'm a Brussels Sprout lover, I eat them every week.  The Kale and Apple was well done but the Original Chinese Chicken salad was my favorite.  My friends were put off by the strong ginger flavor but I love ginger, the stronger the better.笑
Oh.My.Word. 

This place is amazing!  loved the atmosphere and the vibe. I visited with friends on a business trip and we had a simply amazing experience.

Shane was our waiter...he was the bomb! So nice and paid so much attention to us!

Our food was SO fresh and everything has an amazing flavor to it. The wine selection was perfect for our food and paired nicely with all our entrees. 

We ordered the Peaches and Cream for dessert, and if you read this, go, and don't order it you should be ashamed. AMAZING.

I literally cannot wait to go back and eat her again!笑
Classic Fox in terms of great design and superb service execution.  The place is comfortably sophisticated  and reminds me of the residence of a Southern  Virginia aristocrat...complete with a fancy cupboard of single malt scotch.  The food is a little hit or miss with the highlights being the creamed corn, salmon, and pot stickers.笑
Nice decor. Super sloooooooow service.  Food was overpriced and "eh". Staff seemed confused and distracted. This is my 2nd visit. I'm tired of asking for refills or getting a server's attention so I can give my order request.笑
This place is hit or miss... I really don't understand why it's always so crowded. They have an amazing kale salad but their breakfast sandwiches have way too much mayo.笑
We went for dinner, and had made reservations. The ambiance and decor are very appealing, and seating very comfortable. The server and other staff were pleasant and knowledgeable. Cocktails: Boulevardier, Texas Paloma, and Manhattan were delicious and well done. The White Truffle Parmesan Fries were crispy (as they should be) and perfectly topped- not too much, not too little. We split the Roasted Brussles Sprout Caesar salad and enjoyed every bite. The Korean Style Skirt Steak was amazing. I can't wait to have it again. The Roasted Chicken was juicy, and delicious along with the spectacular cauliflower Polenta. The only problem is deciding whether to try the brunch or come back for the Korean Style Skirt Steak.笑
The food, service, and decor is impeccable. Ambiance is relaxing. Very neighborhood and  local business patronage. 
The food is sinful, comfort, and umami! Recommend to outside visitors, locals, and special events.笑
It was our first time at The Henry and it was a bit confusing so we looked for seats at the bar. Nothing was open because kids were sitting at the bar, which we didn't think it was age appropriate. The hostess approached us and told us we can sit at the table near the cafe. After 10 minutes of waiting, I approached the hostess for menus and service. There wasn't anything that stood out on the menu so we only stay for drinks. The couple who sat next to us also experienced the same confussion.笑
Absolutely perfect setting for my daughter's bridal shower, the private room was perfectly set up, black chairs only as requested, everything done to my satisfaction and more!  Lisa Nelson was a delight to work with, she did everything possible to make it just perfect for me.  Always making sure I was in the know and that I got my money's worth.  Nate, the manager, was always making sure I was happy and things were going as planned.  The servers were a delight, always making sure drinks were filled, plates were removed, etc.  The presentation of the food buffet was gorgeous, dishes were marked as what it was, food and desserts were brought out on time, it was perfect.  No one rushed us out of the room, was sat and talked as people started to leave, and we didn't feel rushed at all.  

I would return to eat there, for their delicious food, great service, and lovely setting....  you made the bridal shower a perfect success.... Thank you!!笑
I would actually make it 4.5 stars if possible but I always round up. Came here for a date night with the wifey this weekend. We had heard goof things and looked forward to some tasty treats. The restaurant is in a very cool spot with big open ceilings. Cool little lounge area in front.

We got there for our 8:45 reservation and were told they were running a few minutes behind. No big deal. Almost 30 minutes later, and getting a little hangry, we finally got seated. I understand people can be slow to finish meals, but 30 minutes after our reservation is a bit much. One of the things I miss from living in Chicago is that we would have most certainly been offered  a cocktail while waiting around for that amount of time. Not to say we couldn't have walked over to the bar, but hey, I only dock half a star. Honestly, the servers here are slow. That's why your reservations back up. 

Enough gripes.

Everything else was awesome. They can make a very tasty old fashion. We started with:

The popovers - almost ordered a 2nd round. Super good.

The Brie toast- fresh and light. Really hit the spot.


Entrees:

I had the porkchop. Not my typical order but the yelpers had spoken and they were right. Solid piece of meat. Perfectly cooked. If it were socially acceptable to chew on the bone I would have. Will order again who I got back.

Wife had the spring salad. She really enjoyed it but I honestly didn't pay too much attention. I was focused on the pork.

We also shared a side of Mac and cheese. Delicious! I'm not usually impressed by Mac and cheese but this stuff was done well.

For desert we shared the bread pudding. Could have used a tiny bit more ice cream on top but overall some of the best bread pudding I have had in awhile.


All in all. Great meal. Cool spot. Reasonable prices. Will be back for sure.

Make sure you reservations!笑
I really liked this place!  I can see what it is so busy/popular.  It's a nice open restaurant with the vibe of a speak easy lounge or your eccentric uncle's house.  We had very attentive service and the food was fancy yet had a comfort food element to it.  The cocktails...wow!  Talk about attention to detail!  I had the Pineapple Pisco Sour...not only did it taste amazing but the presentation was so beautiful.  They embossed their emblem in cinnamon on the foam of the drink...uh, Starbucks needs to step up their game.笑
If I were not sitting here with an empty water glass and still feeling a bit hungry after having finished my delicious Wild Mushroom Tortelli lunch, this would have been a five star review. 

As I was writing this, I had originally put 3 stars, but then a manager just came to apologize for the small portion and to offer a complimentary glass of wine or desert for my disappointment in the portion size.  (I'm only 130 lbs so it doesn't take a tremendous amount to fill me up).

I declined the atonement.  Perhaps I'll give them another try sometime...as the flavors were fabulous!笑
Interesting set up with a relaxing area to chill and eat, but also a place to eat.  Places can be sectioned off for private rooms at a cost.

The appetizers were good as well, the shrimp and kale / truffle dip were good.  The parmesan fries were very strong, but still good.

The salmon was pretty good, not overcooked and quite tasty.   Good combination with the arugula. 

The bread pudding was warm and served in a hot bowl with some cinnamon ice cream to balance the sweet bread pudding.笑
Honestly, you pay for the place. The breakfast was so-so and definitely overpriced. I've had better breakfast at simpler places. I'm giving this 3 stars because the coffee was good.笑
Cheers to another awesome Fox Restaurant concept. Upon my first step into the big blue building I immediately fell in love. 

The atmosphere is perfect with a mix of tasteful urban, east coast, and early 1900 era decor. It's very open and inviting on the inside with endless visuals that hold your attention.

I could see my self here in the mornings for my ritual intake of caffeine, lunch, or with friends getting lubricated for a night out on the weekend. 

I had the arrogant butcher coffee, a nice drip coffee infused with espresso and dark chocolate, delightful. 

The avocado bread simple and tasty, followed by the French dip which I found delicious.

Welcome to the neighborhood Henry, I'm all in!笑
So delicious! The food is divine, the atmosphere is great, the coffee is perfect, and the cocktails are out of this world. 

Tanner is the best bartender there! He recommended the fig mule and my boyfriend and I were not disappointed. In fact, it has ruined all other mules for us because we can't find one in town that is as good. 

My coworker gets an iced tea from here that she raves about. I definitely recommend this place!笑
I had a beautiful Sunday brunch here with friends. I had the Bahn mi sandwich and I will definitely get it again because it's delicious. The service was fair. The space is beautiful inside and out though! I look forward to returning.笑
The breakfast and coffee gets 5 stars, but the restaurant gets 1 star. Love love love the coffee drinks and all of the pastries and breakfast items. I've been here several times, and have tried (I think) all of them and have not been disappointed yet. The restaurant, on the other hand, is gross. I cant find a single thing that I like. It's also very crowded, to boot.笑
Was excited to see this new space from Sam fox right next to their office. Per usual the decor is awesome and the place is buzzing. The food was good and pretty well priced and they have the best Moscow mule in the city and I love me a mule! The downsides were that it's so freaking loud in there you can't hear anyone, including your waiter. They need to adjust the acoustics. Seriously. And it took a long time to get our food, so long that a manager came out an apologized for it. Overall it was a pretty good experience. I would say that everyone seemed to be the Scottsdale over 45 crowd...who may wear their daughters jeans and have had some work done. But to each their own so if you are in the market for some good looking middle aged people go get yourself a drink and a date here!笑
The interior is outstanding! Absolutely inviting, homey, and well designed! 

But, unfortunately, I have to report that the food is mediocre. I ordered the chopped salad, and it tasted a bit sour, lack of flavor...odd in flavor. 

Good service, perfect ambiance, heart felt neighborhood vibe, just not my preference for a meal.笑
I have never had this bad of service in the Phoenix Scottsdale area.  My boyfriend and I came in and waited for a table for over an hour at the bar.  After being sat we received no service for over 20 minutes.  We were not even greeted.  I have been here multiple times and spent hundreds of dollars on food at this restaurant. For this to happen is astonishing.  It is our anniversary now we are hungry and having to find somewhere else to enjoy ourselves.笑
Love the Henry, great service, great ambiance, great food & drinks. They have live music for brunch on weekend, wasn't too loud which was perfect! 
The Henry will definitely remain one of my top favorites for brunch. They are fairly busy all the time, so just expect to wait a little while, but they always offer you to go to bar and get a drink or something while you wait.笑
This place came recommended from our hotel concierge. We went for breakfast, and we were not disappointed! Very cool atmosphere. Eclectic is a good word. They have a large bar and a cool little cocktail menu. Jared and I got coffees and fresh squeezed OJ. Both were yummy, the coffee was top notch. I had huevos and Jared had the lox bagel... Came sandwich style, and both had a side of potatoes! It was a wonderful dining experience, check it out if you are in Scottsdale!笑
Great location! The interior is unique and well organized. The staff is very friendly and attentive. The food is delicious, too. The smoked salmon and fried chicken breakfast sandwich are must gets for those that come for breakfast.笑
Love love love their food and live the environment.   Great place to hang out with friends for a night out or on a date with your special someone on the praise patio or inside. Everything on the menu is awesome. Would recommend this spot to any out of towners to try it out.笑
The ambiance is great as always for a Fox concept, this corporation nails it every time on their investment of a concept. They are truly first class when it comes to designing a restaurant, I really believe this is what they do best. Now to the service of their restaurants in my experience does not match. I have experienced a serious decline of service at multiple Fox restaurants over the past few years, so I usually avoid them. 

I think they need to put the same attention to detail into there staff and mangers, as they do to their physical looks of their restaurants. Today my wife wanted to try out The Henry for the very first time, so we gave it a try (thank God from past experiences my expectations are not too high for a Fox concept on service). 

The service was horrible, the server was friendly but lacked customer situational awareness, as well of the rest of the staff that served our table. It started out great they took our first drink order, then came back and got our food order, they brought the first round of drinks out for us to enjoy. We then did not see our main server until after we got done eating! It took 15 minutes for an additional drink order, with an additional 15 minutes for those drinks to arrive. Then when our food came to our table it was luke warm to finish it off. None of this was brought out by our main server, she seem to abandon us until it came time for us to pay the bill. Then when the gentleman brought our second round of drinks out to our little table for two, he didn't even care to remove our old glasses off our very cramped little table, and left us to enjoy our new cocktails with the empty dirty glasses of our old cocktails. Once again lack of attention to detail and service. Then when the manager made his rounds to some other tables on the patio next to ours, he couldn't even stop by our table and see how we were doing, while we are waiting for the longest $10 drinks in town from a non-busy restaurant. There is more I could add about the service that we experience today, but I hope you get the point of where I am going with this review. 

There are a lot of great mom-and-pop restaurants in the valley, that will treat you like kings and give your first class service to have your dollar spent at their establishment. I really hope the Fox Management Team can turn their service around, because they have such beautiful restaurants that could truly be great.笑
Toasted pretzel bread with goat cheese and apples 10$
Cheddar popovers 3x 750$
Cocktails 10$-12$
Lean melt in your mouth Korean skirt steak  26$
Black cod with veggies 28$
Burger / Turkey French dip 12-14$
Roasted chicken w/2 sides 19$

100% amazing and culinary perfection.
Ambiance, atmosphere top notch full experience warrants this restaurants high star rating. 
Absolutely fantastic.
Definitely quality over quantity.  -We left a little hungry but completely satisfied and not wanting to ruin the delicious aftermath still being relished on our taste buds.笑
I met a couple of friends at The Henry for dinner  when I was in Phoenix for work. It was a great atmosphere for hanging out with friends and the food was fantastic. I recommend the smoked salmon appetizer; that was the highlight of my experience. For my entrée, I had the Korean style skirt steak, and it was very good. One of my friends ordered the black cod, and he really raved about it.笑
So I now have tried this place a few times, but still have to try more of their delicious menu items!  
The beauty of this place is in the way the place is set up and decorated.  A cute coffee bar is set up inside in between the dining and "study" area.  This place is designed in such a classy way that it makes you want to dress up classy and dine here breakfast, brunch, and lunch, and dinner.  But it's a great place to meet up with family and friends.  A bar and TVs are also available!
I have tried the Wildflower (vanilla, espresso, steamed milk with a splash of chai) and the Cleo (almond milk, hazelnut, espresso).  Both are great nontraditional coffees to taste.  
The Flower Child Scramble (snap pea, asparagus, kale, roasted mushroom, parmesean - $11)  is a great combination for something non-meaty.  This had a great mix of flavorful vegetables.
Chicken Fried Chicken (buttermilk biscuits, fried egg and gravy - $13) - I don't think you can go wrong with something so darn good.
I really love the Quinoa Breakfast Burrito (organic eggs, black bean, roasted corn, chile, avocado, pepper jack - $10).  All these ingredients....what's not to love!  It comes with cuts of potatoes!  This dish is light yet flavorful!   
Ending it with a dessert - the Warm Croissant Bread Pudding (toasted pecans, caramel ice cream, whiskey raisins - $7).  I love the creative twist on this bread pudding.  That buttery taste of croissant bread mixed in with sweetness and crunch of the pecans made it so yummmm!  Share it!笑
Came in last night for my birthday and sat at the bar. Ryan was exceptional! I have a gluten allergy, and he made sure everything we ordered was gluten free. He was very attentive and made great conversation! We will be coming back just for him! But the vegetable soup was perfect. The grilled shrimp cocktail had an amazing smoky flavor - an amazing twist on a traditional shrimp cocktail. See you soon!笑
First visit and on a holiday, too. Lunchtime. 3 people. The atmosphere is fantastic, but the food, as it is with all Fox restaurants (imo), just okay. Our lunch time meal of truffle fries, turkey French dip, kale salmon salad, and poached eggs with asparagus had been sitting quite a while before it was delivered to the table. Delivery time was about 50 minutes after ordering. So while it was flavorful, it was lower than room temp. We had hopes for finding a new place to add to our regular hangouts, Henry's likely will not make the list. It might be a good hangout for coffee during the day; that's for a future visit.笑
Let me just start out by saying I only Yelp when things are REALLY good or REALLY bad. There's no point to review something mediocre. I'll also say my husband and I consider ourselves major "foodies". We currently live in Houston, TX, where there is some of the best food in the country. It has been a REALLY long time since I was this impressed with a restaurant. The service, drinks, food, atmosphere, EVERYTHING was fabulous! We started with the short rib potstickers and they were splendid (and that's saying something considering we know good beef). The truffle fries were a good addition to the appetizer selection! Our waiter was friendly, attentive but also let us enjoy our company without over doing it. The main plates, from the bolognese, scallops, and broccoli cheddar tortelli, were delicious! Highly impressive! We ended the night with the chocolate peanut butter molten cake, devine! I can't say one negative thing about The Henry! Tomorrow I'm coming back in the morning for their coffee and pastry experience. Scottsdale, you nailed it with this restaurant and we will be back!笑
Came for breakfast with the family on a lazy Sunday afternoon. The Mrs had a coffee and breakfast sandwhich and I got an extra spicy Bloody Mary with the corn beef and eggs. 

The decor is impressive; I spent half the time trying to imagine what my house would look like outfitted the same way. Like someone raided a Scottsdale flea market and knew what they were doing.

The staff is friendly and professional and pretty typical for the area. Food is what you would expect from a $10-15 entree; better ingredients are substituted for simpler dishes. My Bloody Mary, while being spicy and containing all the right things for a perfect drink was meh- I didn't actually finish it. I only mention this because the waitress made a to-do about the Bloody Mary Bar.  Definitely had worse, definitely had better (in my kitchen).  The coffee was lackluster also considering it came from the in-house coffee bar.

All in all, good stuff. Food was worth it, people watching and comfort were top notch, drinks were ok.笑
I was really impressed with this restaurant, not only the food and ambiance, but the service as well. It was nice to find a place that had more of a European feel. I highly recommend this restaurant!!  Our server, Ruben, did an amazing job making the environment feel welcoming and his knowledge and descriptions of the food were really helpful!!笑
Woe this place is awesome. The food is delicious. The atmosphere is incredible. A bit of an industrial deal. Open floor plan, can be loud once it gets crowded. Service is excellent.笑
We went on a Saturday morning/afternoon (got there at 11:30 and ate around 12:00) and had about a 30 minute wait.  We chose this place based on a recommendation from a friend.  During our wait we walked through to the coffee shop and had a chai, a mocha, and shared a (giant) peanut butter/chocolate rice krispy treat.

Our server was AWESOME!  I asked for no bacon on my egg sandwich, and he immediately offered the bacon as a side to my bf.  (Major points.)  He noted we already had drinks from the coffee shop and asked if we would like additional beverages or if we would like new ones.  He shared his opinions on some of the items we ordered (bruleed grapefruit is a WIN, people!) and was attentive but not annoying through the whole meal.

They serve their chicken fried chicken a bit differently than most places (biscuits, chicken, fried egg on top).  At first bf wasn't sure... and then he ate it "as served" and it was gone in under 10 minutes.  ALL OF IT.  I ordered the egg sandwich, as I previously mentioned, without bacon and it was SOOOO delish.  I will say the presentation had me skeptical (the bread looks hard).  The bread is melt-in-your-mouth amazing!  The side of breakfast potatoes were just right.  Again, don't skip the bruleed grapefruit side though!

We will be back.  It's a bit of a "treat" because it's not super cheap... but it is worth the Saturday morning breakfast wait (more so than most other places).  Yum!!!笑
Okay, I am usually skeptical of the hot restaurant owner in the city and his or her concept restaurants. However, I was truly wow by the Henry!  Five stars all around for ambience, service, and quality of food.

First, ambience. I love that it feels like the den or library in someone's home. The lighting is soft, the music is not too loud, and the seating is extremely comfortable.  I particularly liked that if you don't have a reservation and don't want to wait, there are a series of sofas that you can sit at and still order from the full menu.

Second, the service. Everybody that I encountered at this restaurant was delightful. As soon as I walked in, I was greeted with a smile.  When I asked where the restroom was, one of the hostesses actually walked me to it!  Not only was the server nice, he was well-informed! Often, my food allergies require the waiter to run into the kitchen, but this guy had the answer to everything about every dish.

Third, and most importantly, the food. Every single thing that I ate was delicious. I started with a simple house salad that had one of the most delicious ginger miso dressings I've ever tasted. But dinner was an even bigger treat! It's really hard to wow with chicken, but the Henry did it!  The perfect balance of crispy skin and juicy meat presented simply with rosemary and thyme.  I was also impressed with the side of apple and kale slaw. I normally hate coleslaw and mayonnaise, but this combination was perfect. The sweetness of the apple countered the bitterness of the kale and the creaminess of the mayonnaise and finished off very lightly.

No room for dessert, but I will definitely go back and report back to you.笑
Everything I have had on the dinner menu was amazing (5 stars), however I was not impressed with their brunch menu (2 stars). The atmosphere bumped them up to 4 stars. Make sure to make a reservation or you won't be seated until 8pm to eat.笑
Went at around 1pm on a Sunday for brunch. Parking was not hard to find at all, which is always a plus. 

Went inside, the hostess was in a odd spot to the left. We got checked in & were told the wait would be about 45 minutes to an hour, but in actuality waited about 15-20mins. 

Once we we seated our two servers were extremely friendly & helpful-- one girls name was Andy I think, I can't remember the other girls name, but she was a short blonde. Both were familiar with the menu & gave house/personal recommendations.

I ordered the Chicken Fried Chicken with breakfast potatoes & a mimosa. I also had some of my friends Smoked Salmon app-- which was really delicious, but a little over salted.

My entree was pretty good, sunny side eggs were cooked just how I like them & the chicken & biscuit were also enjoyable.

Overall I am giving 4/5 stars, everything was great except for the disorganized feeling at the front. Next time I'll just make reservations!笑
Cool atmosphere, good food. My ole Kentucky drink was a little bland. Staff seemed nice. Easy parking.笑
Made a reservation at The Henry for Valentine's Day Brunch.  We arrived a little early, and were seated almost immediately.  I had been to the restaurant for AZ Restaurant week before, and loved the décor inside--I would decorate my house like it!  They have an open kitchen, but the noise it still relatively quiet.

Husband ordered a mimosa ($8) and it was probably the best I ever tried.  The mimosa had the right balance of bubbly stuff and fresh orange juice.  I ordered from the Bloody Mary Cart ($10).  There were several house infused vodkas to pick from as well as garnishes!  My green-chili bacon Bloody Mary was so good, my Husband also ordered  horseradish bacon one.  The coffees looked really good too!

Ordered the popovers ($7) to start, FANTASTIC!  It would be a great savory pastry with coffee if you came in for a light brunch.  The breakfast choices are on the lighter side, I ordered the Original Bacon Sandwich ($10) but substituted the bread for a croissant (great idea!).  My Husband ordered the New Yorker ($12), a corned beef omelet.  He said it would be better served as a hash with the breakfast potatoes and an over easy egg.  Overall, would recommend for the breakfast cocktails and the fair prices for breakfast items.

The only downside was our service.  The server seemed to be unfocused and "in the weeds" as she had put it to us.  She took our drink and appetizer order and left the large menus at the table.  After she delivered the appetizer, she left.  Before taking our entrée orders.  We had very little space on the table to eat the appetizer!  After taking our entrée order, we didn't see her again until she plopped the check on the table.  No waters, no drink refills, no asking hour the food was or if we wanted dessert.  Then she seemed really off put when I asked for a to-go cup of water (as I was thirsty!).  Since we had been there before, it might have just been a really bad Valentine's Day Service.笑
The food was great. Service on the other hand. ..I ask to have time between our courses.  Not only did or food come one after another, they did not clear the dirty plates before our next course arrived. By the time our wine was poured we were half way through our main course. 
I am sure in time this will be worked out.笑
Boyfriend and I visited The Henry early on a Saturday night. It was a warm day so we sat outside on the patio which has a very pleasant, laid back atmosphere.

We started with an order of cheddar popovers, served with ham butter and herb butter. They come in an order of 3. They were good but not amazing. The butters were really good though. If they had a bread basket and served it with these butters, that would be a knockout. 

For our dinners I ordered the pork chop and boyfriend got the Chevy Chase, which is a steak sandwich. He really enjoyed his sandwich a lot. The steak was done just right and the roll was fresh. The fries were cut really thin and were tasty as well.

My pork chop was delicious. First of all, it was huge - a very thick, bone-in chop. It was served with caramelized onions on top, a cauliflower "polenta" and chard. All the items were cooked to perfection and the flavors went together very well. The chop was tender and juicy, the chard was full of flavor and the cauliflower was a nice way to round everything out. Even the onions were good and I usually hate onions. I would definitely order it again.

For dessert we ordered the chocolate cake. It is served in a jar, which we were not expecting - we thought it would be a slice - but once we took at bite we didn't care how it was served, it was so good! It's ooey, gooey goodness in a jar is what it is. Get it, you'll love it.

I can see why this place has gotten so many great reviews and why they're saying this is the best Fox restaurant yet. I have to agree - from the atmosphere to the service to the food, this place is fantastic. I like all Fox restaurants, honestly, but this one does stand out as one of the top. I can't wait to go back and try their brunch.笑
This place is quit AMAZING! The only down fall was the wait time. The restaurant receptionist said it would be a 45min wait, however we waited 20 minutes if that. I was not aware of making reservations, next time, it will be smart to do so. 

When we were seated, we had two waitress name Jenna and Cathy- I think Jenna was training Cathy as a server. Anyway, they were both courteous, nice, and gave a really good descriptions on the whole menu, as this was my first time here.

 I ordered two appetizers, a salad and two mimosas. The appetizers were Rib Eye Potstickers which was a very strong BBQ taste to it. Definitely not a an appealing taste. On the other hand, Salmon bits were to die for. Every single bite, I was sad that it was gone. Luckily, there are 4 bite size and it was very satisfying. My main course- Turkey Salad was scrumptious! I would definitely buy it again. Lastly, the two mimosas was very delish! 

Overall, with the server, food, and overall service, I will go again in a heart beat.笑
The ambience was great, the food was acceptable, and the service was good. I tried the popovers with ham butter, which were OK but not to die for.  I had their homemade pasta dish, called tortelli. It was just OK, nothing special to write home about actually. Not a whole lot of flavor, but wasn't bad. Dinner companion had their chicken and said it was amazing and it was a very healthy portion.笑
SO DELICIOUSSSSSSSSSSSS... I just.. I can't even begin.

I went with a party of 4 for brunch and we were seated in a quiet corner round table with a great view! Our server was friendly and very helpful in recommending items, and I have to say, everything we ended up picking was amazing.

The Le Pig sandwich (what my boyfriend ordered) was my absolute favorite. I also tried the Quinoa Breakfast Burrito (what I ordered), Breakfast Sandwich & Cinnamon Apple French Toast (from the other two at the table). You could tell it was all very freshly made!

Also to die for, the Cleo coffee (espresso, hazelnut, almond milk). Super cute how they named their coffee drinks after other Fox restaurants in the area :) Definitely coming back as soon as I can!!笑
Awesome place to people watch. I stopped by for a few drinks and sat on the front patio facing Camelback. Really fun to watch beautiful, fancy-looking people come in and out of the place. I called ahead about happy hour and was told 4-6:30 $5 wells and $2 off cocktails, wine and beer. Turns out it was just 4-6pm and $2 off draft beers and wine. But the wine list doesn't show which are on tap so good luck with that.  My waitress also tried to convince me we that ordered a round of drinks after the 6pm cutoff. She gave some attitude and made it seem like a big deal having the manager make the price change.  Unfortunately for her, I had closed another bill at the bar just after we had ordered said round of drinks and the time stamp was 5:52pm. I circled that time on the receipt and left it with my tip. 

I was really liking this place and she kind of ruined the mood for me. I told her I wasn't trying to be cheap ($2, no big deal) but I like to receive the correct price for something I order and not be lied to about it.

I've yet to try the food but will update this review once I make a return visit.笑
The ambiance is quite good, which is why I meet with friends there on Friday mornings a couple dozen times a year.  But the food, other than the pastries, is awful.  I don't know why I even try to order something hot, because I have tried five times, and they have never gotten it right.

The pastries are fine, so stick with those.  But if you want something more, pick a better restaurant.  This would just get one star based on food alone.  The ambiance gives it another, though.笑
The Henry is one of my favorite restaurants in Phoenix. Everything we have tried there has been delicious.  I especially like the Parmesan fries and my husband raved about the flank steak. It is nicely decorated indoors but if the weather is nice we prefer to sit outside on the patio. We usually go on special occasions i.e. birthday, anniversary. A great place to take out of town visitors with amazing view of Camelback Mountain.笑
SOOOO GOOD! The Korean steak dish is unreal笑
Henry must be a popular guy! This newest addition to the FRC collection was an excellent setting for my mom's birthday. Since we are frequenters of the others, this restaurant had to live up to not only those standards, but also the hype apparent by the necessary reservations and vibrant din on a Thursday evening.

To start, we ordered the smoked Norwegian salmon and artichoke hearts. I really liked both, though the salmon was my favorite - the potato cake consistency was like a mini crab cake. My mom wasn't too keen on her Brussels sprout salad which they took off our bill without skipping a beat. 

Dinner was a tough, down to the second type decision. Everything on the menu looked so good. I opted for the skirt steak with fried rice. The meat was recommended medium and somewhat chewy but the flavors altogether were outstanding. My fiancee ordered the half chicken, so if you've been to one of these restaurants before, you know how good that was. And, it comes with two sides. My mom ordered the Branzino, a highly tender and delicious fish option that I suggest you try. Normally a finicky eater, she ate every bit!

Birthday dessert was their peanut butter bar served with ice cream. Cue the spoon fighting! It didn't take long for us to wipe the plate clean. They really did a wonderful job at charming, feeding and celebrating with us on our special occasion.笑
We'll be back! The Henry is beautifully appointed and very comfortable. It's somehow intimate despite its vast interior. The only thing I'd like to see is more vegetarian-friendly food. The drink specials are also only by the bar and are difficult to see.笑
Stopped at The Henry for an early brunch on a Sunday morning. We were expecting a hefty wait but to our surprise we were seated outside rather quickly. The service is a bit slow, so be prepared for that when dining. I had the original egg sandwich and it was alright, definitely wouldn't order it again. Another person in my party ordered the chicken fried chicken dish and I will be ordering that the next time I go to The Henry for brunch.笑
I tend to eat quickly, but the food at our brand new neighborhood restaurant, The Henry, was so spectacular that I took the time to savor every delicious bite.  

From the starters (grilled artichoke hearts with Parmesan and truffle aioli, and some delicious cheddar popovers with ham butter) through the main course (wild mushrooms in hand-rolled tortelli with roasted squash and Brussels sprouts) to dessert (salted peanut butter bar), everything mouthful was a delight.

Welcome to the neighborhood, Henry!  We're going to be good friends.笑
The Henry has a nice vibe, the atmosphere just sucks you in so you want to stay and hangout all day. I don't think I have had a single item that wasn't good. I recommend the prime steak sandwich and popovers! I would recommend you try it! The con is the service... The girls at the front always seem pretty confused and don't even bother sitting at the bar if you want someone to take your order.笑
Well as stated in a previous review I wanted to give this place another try hoping my experience would be different but I guess not I got the same server and sat at the exact table Oh and you guessed it she didn't introduced herself, she had her back to me everytime she came to our table , she spoke mostly  to my bf  and we felt rushed the whole time we were there. I had the salmon which was cooked perfectly and my bf he had a burger which he liked as well that was the best part of the service. Poor customer service.....will not be back.....笑
Awesome food!  Casual yet eclectic. Had the salmon over almond quinoa with slightly lemony taste. The salad is served with dressing on the side, always a plus in my book especially because the greens aren't drowning and you can pick how much dressing you want. The popovers are light amd fluffy and herb butters flavorful. Also had a spinach type dip with lemony undertones with pita. Delicious. But to top it off ordered the chocolate hazelnut with bourbon cherries and brittle, called "budina".  Not overly sweet but a great end to a delicious meal. They also serve breakfast and lunch. Its a must on my list sometime.笑
Hello peeps ... last night was another great tasting event ! This time at The Henry!!! Fox sure does do it right from decor to atmosphere , service to great food presentation ,and above all popping great flavors busting on the palate.
As usual grab your peeps , dates, and friends and give it a try. For the four of us with cocktails and dessert it was around 250 ! casual nice dress . If you go let me know what you think and as usual enjoy!
Be on the look out for my next outing .笑
This place is fabulous! We went for brunch on a Sunday, there was a bit of a wait but it was well worth it. The atmosphere is delightful, very comfortable and the staff were all polite and friendly. The food was fantastic, delicious and excellent quality. The little coffee bar and lounge area looked super inviting also! I am excited to come back, happy to have found a new favorite spot!笑
From the very start this place looked amazing. But in this case, looks were not deceiving. The coffee and bakery options were great and tasteful. The interior layout, eclectic style, and furniture selection were not only comfortable but stylish. The service was outstanding and on point. But best of all, if this was my last meal... I would be more than satisfied.笑
I have never had such a good pasta dish in my life.  The service was superb on busy evening and the drinks were smashing.
We loved it so much we went later on Sunday evening, and didn't have the same experience with service.  We were there at 8:45, and very soon we felt like we needed to hurry.  As soon as my dining partner was done eating, his plate was whisked away.  Then she asked him about dessert and gave him the menu.  Meanwhile, I'm still working on my main course.  What does she expect, that he has dessert, leaves, and then does the whole dessert spiel all over again because I'm the only one remaining?  There's a difference between going out to eat, and dining.  That is what is the difference between 5 stars and 4 stars.  When waitstaff don't understand progression and timing of service and meals, then we're just grabbing a bite.  I still can't believe I'm being read a dessert menu when I'm still eating my dinner.  It really just ruined that evening's meal for me as I felt really rushed. 
Otherwise, the food and atmosphere were still stellar.  I would continue to go back, but I'd be wary of a Sunday night, or the errant untrained waitperson who doesn't understand dining.笑
Dude, The Henry?! 

Food - So good. Never had anything here that I did not really like.

Bar - Everything about this is awesome. The bartenders are super friendly and fast. The drinks are awesome. The look of the bar is cool. 

Service - This place makes me want to bring all my other 5star reviews down to 4 so that it is fair to this wait staff. Every person I've ever had is super friendly, fast and helpful. Only once have I ordered something on my own accord. Every other time I have asked for a recommendation and the nail it. They never recommend the most expensive or anything like that. Good people.

Notes: Great place. Can't say enough about the staff (waitstaff and bar).笑
Literally, the cutest place with excellent food and amazing service. Like, literally. 
Already planning my next visit!笑
Sold at Wild Mushroom Tortelini! Also, you HAVE TO order the cheese popovers! Everything was great and I really liked the atmosphere at lunch and at dinner.笑
I go to The Henry a few times a week. It's a great restaurant and I love the atmosphere. I go there for after work drinks, dinner, brunch with my parents... A whole host of reasons. It's a great spot. I think the food could use a little boost but it is still better than most.笑
Attended this establishment last night for a friends birthday. 

The building is a cool design and looked great we were all excited to try it out. 

We sit at our table and are greeted by our sever Sarah. 

I have to say I have never been treated so rudely in all my life and either had the other people in our party. 

After having a round of drinks and some starters out sever comes over again to see if we would like to order. We ordered more drinks and our main meals. 
The girl server asked some of us for our ID's and stated I was 19 once I know what you guys are like??? I was the youngest at the table and she didn't ask me????

We are all late 20's to 30's and all professionals. Going to what is suppose to be an up market restaurant with a sever saying comments like that it just doesn't float with me. One of the girls didn't have her ID. Meanwhile it's her birthday!!!!!
So the mood of the celebration changed the manager come out after our complaints to the sever and "Apologised" there is nothing he could do even after serving us drinks prior??

Our party felt so unhappy and uncomfortable that we decided to leave.
 
I went and asked for the cheque and explained due to the server being rude and the fact they now ruined our night we would like to pay for what we have had and leave to go somewhere else. 

The manager and I became engaged in a heated argument in the middle of the restaurant started by him raising his voice at me because he said we ordered mains and we have to have them or pay for them or he would call the police for theft and not paying a bill??? Who says that to a customer??

I clearly stated we haven't eaten the food and it was ordered in the middle of our complaint which hadn't been dealt with. 

The manager proceeded to inform me he would call the police I said fine please do call them as I was asking for my bill to pay what we had had already and it is not my fault that experience was ruined by rude people. 

He then told me the I need to leave the restaurant as I am trespassing and if I didn't he would again call the police. Meanwhile my party was still at the table waiting for me to return. I complied to his request with the question what did I do other than complain. 
Is this really how your restaurant deals with complains by threatening to call the police??

The manager continued to yell at me even when I was outside. Finally he calmed down and said fine and gave me a bill for what we had eaten and drank and said pay this now!

For a manager to yell, scream and threaten a paying customer is disgusting. I have eaten at many places all over the world and I have to say this was and most likely will be the WORST experience I have had at an restaurant. 

What happened to customer service???

The fact the manager still requested I pay after his and his staff members performance is an absolute joke. 

Clearly the guy needs to get a new profession because customer service is certainly not his thing. 

We went to Chelsea's kitchen down the road and had a great experience after all that. 

Maybe the owners need to take old mate down there to Chelsea's Kitchen to learn respect, manners and customer service!!

Just saying!!!!!!笑
Their breakfast meals are fantastic.  The baked goods amazing.  The staff are all super friendly and helpful and attentive.    

Ambience is off the chart.  Great design and layout... awesome music.

I only wish I liked their coffee. :(   It is dark roast only.... and bitter.   And they just raised the price of a cup to a ridiculous $3+ after taxes.   They should have two blends available like most of the other coffee places in town... a dark bitter mud roast... and a lighter blend.笑
We had high hopes for The Henry when we walked in. We really liked the ambiance/ decor and our server was great. She had this DIY spoon tie clip that she made herself that was very cute. 

Shortly after ordering, our prairie breeze cheddar popovers came out. I wished they were a little warmer but overall they were tasty and came with some yummy smoked ham and fleur de sel butter. 

Our entrees arrived 55 minutes after we ordered our food. We ordered the ginger glazed black cod and the roasted chicken with rosemary lemon pan jus. We were one of a few tables that inexplicably did not receive our food in a timely manner. We saw restaurant patrons come and go and were very disappointed as the experience started strong and was rapidly deteriorating. 

The manager came by and apologized and asked if he could do anything but said the food would be out shortly. In my opinion and based on prior experiences if things aren't going well, the restaurant proactively brings out something to appease the patrons such as a small appetizer to hold them over. We continued to wait and wait and then the waitress came over and apologized. Eventually the food came and the manager said our meal would be comped which definitely helped our irritation.

The entrees were really good and based on the reviews I would imagine this was an off day. If we happened to be in town again we would give this place another shot and hope for a speedier service.笑
This is the place we go to have a lovely date night with some higher end food choices. Sit outside at night for an experience. We love it!!笑
Went there last night with a girlfriend for the first time. I heard so much about this place and I love all Fox restaurants, so we wanted to try it.

I am so glad we were able to get a table as I have tried a couple times before and they were booked. Well long story short, we loved it. Starting in the parking lot, this place is extremely easy to find, park and get to. The atmosphere is so unique and inviting, love the tall ceilings and the patio area (although we didn't sit there). The food...my goal is to literally try everything on the menu. We shared the Quinoa tacos and the warm Salmon salad. It was perfect amount of food. The waiter was great and split the plates for us at no cost! We inhaled every last bite and vowed to make it our new spot.

Love The Henry.笑
My experience here was wonderful! Their menu indicates which items can be gluten free which was very convenient. And their kale salad is honestly the BEST I've ever had in the valley. Sooooo good.笑
This place was awesome. 

Atmosphere - 
A great brunch atmosphere with beautiful decor. There is a cute café attached to it and I just wanted to hang out there all day! 

Service - 
We made reservations through the Yelp app the morning before arriving at 1230 and let me tell you.. it was the best plan ever. They were busy on that Saturday of course and people were being quoted an hour to an hour and a half wait!! The waitress was attentive and even clarified things (like if I eat eggs) when I notified her I was vegetarian. 

Food - 
I got the huevos rancheros and yum yum yum! I asked for cholula just in case it wasn't spicy enough for my liking; however, the roasted red salsa had just enough of a kick to it. It comes with a side of potatoes. 

We also got the truffle fries. They were good but the truffle dipping sauce was uh-maze-ing I couldn't stop eating the fries solely because of it! 

My boyfriend got the chicken fried chicken and said it was a typical dish. Didn't really stand out and probably wouldn't order it again. 

They have a Bloody Mary table side cart which was really cool! My boyfriend had one but I wasn't able to because of the Worcestershire sauce in their house mix but it looked yummie!笑
The Henry is one of my most favorite restaurant in the valley, the food is great, service great, and so is the ambience.  Highly recommend this establishment!笑
Hubby and I tried this place with the breakfast club on a Saturday morning and it did not disappoint. The décor is very charming both inside and out and the service was fantastic. On top of it all we both enjoyed our food. I ordered the Flower Child scramble which was very tasty and it came with a side of potatoes. All of it was just delicious. Portion sizes are a bit on the small side so I am glad I also got the bruleed grapefruit. This was really amazing, I highly recommend it. They have a bunch of really great sounding coffee drinks but I'm still trying to keep the caffeine intake down so I stayed away from those. Maybe next time since I know we will be back!笑
This restaurant officially opens next week. I had a pre-opening reservation for tonight, but when I called to confirm, my booking was not there. The girl on the phone was rude and obviously thought that I was lying and trying to get a free meal. A word of warning to you all, make sure you have the name of the person you make your reservation with! I hope their food is better than their customer service!笑
The ONLY reason this isn't 1 star is because of my waiter. I am a regular here and have to say I don't know that I will be back. I came here on a Sunday without a reservation, which is something I never do.  I was told that I would have a table in 20 minutes as I was the only person in my party. 45 minutes later I asked the hostess if she knew how much longer and she sat me outside where people wait for takeout at a table that was a wet. When I asked if I could sit at a drier table, she told me that I am lucky I was sitting at all and put down some napkins. When I asked if I could order takeout, she answered no and walked away. 20 extra minutes went by and just as I was about to walk out, a waiter asked if I had already received my food. When I told him no and that I was waiting for someone to take my drink order, he immediately sat me at a STILL EMPTY dry table, rushed my food, and comped it. I tipped him the entire amount of what my bill would be. Fox has so many amazing restaurants, maybe they could teach their college age hostesses to be a little kinder to all customers so they don't scare regulars away.笑
The Henry was not a let down by any means.  The atmosphere is trendy yet with a library/study feel to it and the food does not fall short.  The food did come out a little later than expected, but my girlfriend and I did not notice because we were enjoying each other's company.   The staff more than made up for it and were very apologetic about the late delivery of the food.  Again, the service was exceptional.  The only thing I would need to point out is that we never did get our boxed food that was left over from the meal.  It's not a big deal, but noticeable.  

The food was very good.  I got the roasted chicken which was just up my alley considering I have the blandest palate.  My girlfriend got the pork and she really enjoyed it.  Overall, we thoroughly enjoyed our experience and will be checking off another restaurant of Fox Concepts that we have visited.笑
This is my favorite coffee location, second to LGO.  Truly awesome atmosphere and scene.  A lot of self employed and salespeople bring clients here.  Lots of non-pretentious business people getting business done.  I've not tried the food but been told it's spectacular.  Whereas LGO is more informal, The Henry has a classier feel.  Highly recommend.笑
Great service, quality and ambiance.  Had the chicken bahn mi, beverly hills turkey club, white truffle fries and mac and cheese.  All were expertly prepared with fresh ingredients and good portion size.  Well done!笑
Best Mamosa's ever! Food is healthy & yummy! Love the scene. Live music and good service. Everything was amazing!笑
My boyfriend and I made reservations here for our 6year anniversary. First off, I loved the scenery! It is different and what's better then a coffee shop inside the restaurant?!? We were seated outside by the fireplace. I was excited to try the cauliflower palenta since it seems to be something many were raving about. I got the roasted chicken with the Mac and cheese side also the cauliflower palenta and my boyfriend got the Korean BBQ skirt steak! Good was so good!!! Loved everything about it. One thing they can fix is their service. Not once did they refill our drinks or ask us how everything tastes.笑
Eh. Good, but not $50-for-brunch-for-2 good. We went this morning for our 11th wedding anniversary. We booked through Open Table, so we didn't wait at all to be seated. We got a nice corner booth. Our waiter wasn't cloyingly overfriendly, but he also wasn't very ... friendly. I ordered the carrot cake pancakes and a side of bacon; my husband got the two-egg breakfast (and coffees and OJs for both of us). Minutes after ordering, someone brought over the bacon, which seemed weird: I guess I'll just nosh on this bacon while I wait for my pancakes? But then the waiter came by and asked, "Why did they bring you this bacon?" and whisked it away. I got new(?) bacon when my meal arrived. The food was good, but not extraordinary. And the place is very noisy. Pretty sure we will cross this one off our to-try list and call it a day. Many other breakfast destinations in town are a better value and a more enjoyable experience.笑
NEVER EAT HERE. Just came here for one of my birthday dinners last night. Although the waitress was friendly, the service was insanely slow. To start we had the shrimp cocktail which was absolutely disgusting in all honesty. Something just tasted...off.I ordered the brussel sprouts Caesar salad topped with scallops. This was the worst salad I have ever had. It came with probably 3 whole brussel sprouts and the rest was wilted romaine. It was dry as if they didn't put enough dressing on. The scallops were also dry and VERY rubbery. I was hungry so I ate them though... big mistake. My dad and mom did not enjoy their bolognese either. They both reported that the garlic bread was extremely burnt and my dad said the dish lacked the truffle flavor. We were brought out a complimentary peanut butter chocolate molten lava cake which was nice. The cake was cold though and did not taste very good. It was probably the highlight of the meal though. Soon after leaving the restaurant I started to feel queasy in my stomach and extremely nauseous. I ended up taking a melatonin and going to bed in hopes of waking up feeling better. I woke up this morning still feeling ill and sick to my stomach. I ended up vomiting this morning. My dad vomited as well. My mom did not throw up, but she never took a bite of the shrimp or scallops. I'm thinking food poisoning. I will never be back to this establishment.笑
Stopped for an ice latte and added a salted caramel roll. Heaven! Both so good!
I will definitely come try lunch here.笑
Love the decor and vibe of this place. Coffee shop, breakfast, meetings - so much going on. I was there for a seminar - what a great room for small groups. The food was great - garlic fries, yum!

I'll be back!笑
Such a perfect spot for any occasion: celebrating, brunch, work meetings, just grabbing coffee with a friend -- you name it! It is an elevated Fox Restaurant and definitely one of the best ones. Everyone who's been here and reviewed have already raved about how great it is so I guess I will just talk about everything I have tried here:


Cheddar popovers: WOW! it wasn't love at first sight, but once you pop one in your mouth, it is so soft and delicious with just the right amount of cheesy flavor. 

Guacamole: if I remember correctly, I was avoiding the mandarin oranges in it but other than that, it is great and served with soft pita. 

Korean short ribs: phenomenal, meat was juicy and seasoned to perfection. I had this back in May for my birthday and am still dreaming about it. 

Bread pudding: really good. I can do without the dried fruit but thats just preference.

For breakfast - spicy sausage scramble: SO SO good. fluffy egg with perfectly seasoned chicken sausage, and fresh veggies (spinach, onion, zucchini, CORN) ... I'm not big on scrambled eggs and omelettes but this was amazing

Grapefruit juice - yummy 

The Henry is always a good idea in my book.笑
The Henry was amazing!  You must start with the duck confit flatbread!  The Ginger beer is amazing.  The kale salad, the porkchop - it's all pretty amazing in a chill atmosphere.笑
Great menu, love the space. The only bad thing is that the hostesses are facing the room with their devices....not the door. I stood there for maybe 2-3 minutes. Just watching them...But Nate, who said hello  when I first walked in, saw me still standing there when he passed by again, got me quickly squared away.  Now I was well on my way to having a marvelous lunch. Nate took very good care of us for the remainder of our visit. We ordered this skirt steak sandwich and it was delicious. Tip: get the fries with the truffle-whatever-its-called. So Yummy!! Can't wait to get back here.笑
service was impeccable, food was really good, drinks were amazing.
-old fashioned for the whiskey lovers is the way to go笑
We had a great dinner at The Henry last night.  Great atmosphere and the waiter was very good.  I had the pork chop and it was amazing.  My husband had the branzino and said he would definitely order it again.  They have a great drink menu as well.  Suggest making reservations since it was pretty packed by the time we left with quite a few waiting for tables.笑
Since my fiancé's family are all fans of the Fox Restaurants, we were excited to try the newest addition, The Henry.  It was a Thursday night, and it was still lucky we had reservations; especially while the hype is high, this place is hoppin'.  We were seated very quickly, and our server walked us through some popular appetizers and beverages.  Though several of the cocktails looked delicious, we opted for their specialty sodas which did not disappoint.

Our server recommended the salmon appetizer, served on potato cakes.  We also got the artichokes, knowing how good they are at the other Fox restaurants.  The salmon was a hit, the artichokes were not what we expected.  I still liked them but the rest of the table wasn't as impressed.

All the entrees were superb.  I had half a chicken with Brussels sprouts and kale/apple slaw, and the slaw was the highlight of an all around great meal.  My fiancé's skirt steak was tender and flavorful.  Future Mother-in-Law's Branzino was, according to the fish lovers in attendance, very good.  

Dessert was the Peanut Butter Bar dish with chocolate ice cream, which I highly recommend!  Our service was excellent all evening.  The atmosphere of the restaurant is a classy, old-timey place with classic menu selections.  It's definitely a cool place, and I'm sure we'll be back!笑
My amazing man brought me here for my birthday. Our waiter was Craig, he had perfect timing didn't bother too much but was there when we needed anything.
The food was amazing. We had potstickers, chilled shrimp, steak and tortelli. All of it was perfect. 
I highly recommend it! You will want to make a reservation though.笑
Love love love it. A good place for a date or a business meeting. The add on costs are not justified.笑
So delicious! Another success by Fox Restaurant Concepts.

I had the CB & Rye (a reuben with a twist, basically) and it was so delicious!  Love the decor and our server was knowledgable, friendly, and prompt.

I had been wanting to try this place out for awhile and I'm so glad I did.  I didn't realize they also added such a cute patio to the building.  I'm definitely going to go back as there were plenty of other things on the menu that sounded fantastic.笑
Meal, service, everything is delicious, however they do not have a gluten free menu. Going with a group and thinking that because it was a fox restaurant they would for sure have at least a few GF items, left a few people unable to eat anything.笑
Another Fox miss.  I admit, I've yet to find one of their places that's good and yet I had hopes for this one.  Went with my BFF Friday at 5 for some drinks and appetizers.  Between us we tried 3 - none of them were that great and I couldn't even finish mine.  Had the popovers and brie toast - just ok.  Our server was inattentive and eventually went MIA so we had to hunt her down just to pay.  The hostess stand is in front so people linger by it and crowd the chairs in the lounge.  Bar was full but I'm not sure I'd want to sit on those odd, cheap looking bar stools anyway.  The patio looked like it might be interesting when it warms up - I think it has views of Camelback albeit looking over a parking lot.  Problem is there would be no good food or drink to have while you are sitting there!笑
Was there for a breakfast meeting.  Better think continental because even though the food was good there wasn't much of a selection. No table service until 11AM.  Coffee was pretty good. Place was pretty busy with business people.笑
For my first visit here it was a great experience. For my second visit, it was terrible! I originally made reservations for 6:00, then called back and made them for 6:30. When we got there they hadn't changed the reservation time and had nothing available for us. This was supposed to be a special night for my aunt and uncle's anniversary. Also, there was no seating in the waiting area and my husband is disabled and can only stand for a short period of time. While we were waiting, a bartender came up to us and asked if he could take our drink order, which is the only thing that kept us from walking out. (So, thank you bartender with the glasses.)
  

Neither of the managers by the hostess station even acknowledged anything was going on, even though I went up there multiple times to check on our status. By the third time up, they finally sat us or else we just would have left. 

We ordered a salad that  we never got and the manager never came over to our table to apologize for the reservation mix up or offer us anything! I feel like we would have got better service at a lower end restaurant.

I went back the next day to talk to a manager to see if the salad was on our bill and while he was very nice, we still didn't get any compensation.

I will only come back here if friends really want to go, but will never come here again for a special occasion. Which is sad because it's such a cool place.笑
I have wanted to  visit The Henry ever since it opened.  My wife and I are big breakfast fans and travel all over the valley in search of great breakfast places.  The November issue of the Phoenix Magazine featured the breakfast at The Henry in Phoenix, a Sam Fox Restaurant.  What enticed us to go on this Sunday morning was their description of a great French Toast dish with a photograph of a plate of nice thick bread, slices of apple, oozing with a Carmel sauce.  Both my wife and I ordered that dish.  Pictures can be oh so ever deceiving.  (You know FRENCH TOAST is bread drenched in an egg batter, etc. etc.)  Our dish did not resemble the promo photo at all.  We received 4 pieces of sliced white bread, halved and toasted.  To give the toast a well done look they were prepared on a flat grill and pressed down, most likely with a spatula, which burned the exterior of the bread and which was now about 1/4 inch thick.  There was no egg batter, it was TOAST.  There was 7 small slices of apple along with the 8 pieces of toast.  This was accompanied by a thimble full of maple syrup.  THATS IT.  Man oh man!  We were so hungry that we ate the dish, saving one piece each to show the manager that under normal conditions the toast was burned and uneatable.  She told us that she would convey our complaint to the chef.  I would hope so.  If this is indicative of the type of dishes served as a breakfast meal, we will never return.  On the side, I love to cook and know first hand when something is good and when it is bad.  This was a BAD dish.  Further, I have paid much more than the $10 cost of this dish and would never complain about the price, but I could reproduce the same dish for about .15 cents, no more than .20 cents.  I had high hopes for The Henry (The place is neat and comfortable and the service was spot on) but the preparation of our meal has turned us off.笑
5 stars on breakfast.  Killer Bloody Mary cart. 1 star on burger. Hamburger very disappointing, very bland.   But will continue to go for breakfast. Expect limited parking and a long waiting time.笑
This was not our first trip to the Henry. We both had specialty cocktails off their drink menu which never disappoint.  

Our starter was the smoked salmon, amazing dish...the salmon is melt in your mouth good.  We also ordered the popovers, unfortunately they were delivered slightly cold, tasted old/stale...these had obviously been made earlier and just (almost) reheated.  We alerted the waiter and he took them off the bill, though he questioned several times what was wrong with them and although we told him the first time, it was almost if it wasn't an acceptable answer.

For our main dishes we both got the bolognese, which was absolutely delicious. The pasta was perfectly seasoned, not too much sauce to drown out the flavor of the pasta, and a dollop of cheese on top.  Oh man, so good.笑
Its a cool place, it was labor dayweekend and everythingwas full,  but we managedtoget a table outside. The hostess was kind of slow ( maybe she was hungover ?) butourwaiter was amazinglysweet and nice. Thefood wasdelicious, especially their pastries and bread . Simple and elegant.笑
We came here for brunch for our friends bachelorette weekend. We had a great private room which was perfect for our big group! The service was good and prompt. The tableside Bloody Mary service was super fun for our group! We all enjoyed our food and drinks too.笑
Tried to eat lunch here today.  Was sat near the fireplace until a table opened up.  Waited for a half hour with no service.  Three servers came outside but none offered menus or even glanced our way.  Three tables sat open, unbussed while we were waiting.  Disappointing customer service.  We finally walked out because we couldn't get anyone's attention and were hungry.  Decor is really great, but it looks like they need more management and training.笑
The Henry is a place that clearly doesn't need any help getting the word out.  I was visiting Scottsdale for a wedding and went here based on the reviews.  It lived up to its reputation.  We went on a Saturday morning.  Called ahead to see what the wait was.  We were told 15-20 minutes. We arrived (parking was tough but we found a good spot.  yay) and were sat immediately at a bar top.  I love the huge ceilings and the immense personality (books, sofas, etc) inherent in The Henry. Service was fast and friendly.  I ordered a bloody mary and it was appropriately spicy.  Honestly, it was the best bloody mary I've had in a long time so I was quite pleased.  I ordered the huevos ranchero and it. was. amazing.  Beautifully presented, the eggs were perfectly cooked, the potatoes delicious and not too soft, not excessively crunch (juuuuuuust right).  I love the chip to egg to bean ratio.  And it was the perfect amount of food.  Based on the quality of food and service I would have expected the price to be astronomical.  But au contraire, it was very reasonably priced. If I was a local I would be going to The Henry all the time.  It has something for everyone.   Personality?  Check.  Amazing Food? Check.  Variety of seating options?  Check.  Fantastic place.笑
If you want to be treated worse than a beggar come here and enjoy this overpriced and tasteless food. The hostes is rude and has lack of education but that's secondary.笑
If I gave 5 stars to establishments, this would be one of them...I live here. Actually, not as much as some do I notice as much as they probably notice me, but this location is indeed the best for business meetings.  Parking can be tight, so I have heard, but have not had a problem.  The coffee bar is a well oiled machine and I am glad because you can usually count on a line although you wait time is minimal.  The breakfast and lunch items are all awesome although I have yet to eat dinner here...This is my second office and while I am sure I will eat here for dinner....I just have not made it a point to eat here.  The wait staff may come off as cold at times, but they are focused...overall, the staff is sharp, busy-busy, and very accommodating.  The meeting rooms they have for groups or events are perfect for business as well.  Number 15 is my number 1!  Bravo FRC....笑
Reservation made on open table which by the way every time I reserve with them we have had a bad experience.  So we arrive before our scheduled reservation and were completely forgotten about.  Service was so so and our meals were not what we expected.   Asked for over over medium eggs and ended up with runny eggs. Just not an overall great experience for the money.笑
Food was amazing!! Went with, Group of six, every one of our meals was amazing. And thank god it was, because it was some of the worst  service I have ever received. Service was so slow, it took 40 minutes for our first drinks  to be received, it was an hour by the time our appetizers hit the table, which was the same time the other half of our drinks came to table. It was a chore to track down our server, when we asked someone else for help it happened to be manager... His level of concern was underwhelming and he offered to buy my drink, which he did... But on a 300 tab it was tough to notice, when all 6 of us received poor service. This place could easily be a 4 or 5 star rating, food no complaints, atmosphere awesome and what you expect with a fox concept, service needs extreme improvements.笑
Not a veg friendly menu and the staff wasn't really clear on what could be made vegan.笑
The Henry has the best vibe.  Stopped in for a quick protein shake and coffee with some teammates and a meeting on their patio. I've eaten here before but today wasn't for that. Everyone's doing their own thing, it reminds me of college in the quad....oh to be young again.笑
Ok....went here yesterday for a birthday celebration with party of eight. Asked for waters for all...two people were brought water. Finally, all of us received water, after asking once again.  I ordered Cab Sauvignon wine and was poured a white wine...which I refused. My husband ordered a second can of Hef beer (they only have four beers on tap - the rest is canned or bottled)...when he ordered a second, he showed the server his can and she SNARKELY said "Sir, I KNOW what you ordered." My husband and I exchanged glances. 

When the bill came, I grabbed the calculator on my phone....and figured out what my husband and I owed....then added up what everyone else put on the table so that we could leave our server a 20-25% tip. It added up. Then a SECOND person at our table added everything up...came out the same. When all was paid, the server was sent BACK to our table because her manager said we didn't leave enough money to cover the bill and leave a tip!  The manager then came over to speak with us.  HOW, when TWO separate people added everything up prior to giving our money to the server, we agreed  that there was enough to cover the bill AND leave a nice tip????  I have NEVER HAD THIS HAPPEN TO ME.  We have two daughters in the food industry and KNOW the importance of leaving a generous tip.

My husband and I frequent the Fox Restaurants often as we support local. HOWEVER.... After this experience it is doubtful that we will eat at another Fox Restaurant for a long time.....there are other locally-owned places to spend our time and money....LGO and Chelsey's Kitchen, Upward Foundation's Postino, Federal Pizza, JoyHouse Taco, and Windsor, Oregano's, Bianco Pizza, Cibo, etc., where our money, and our friend's and coworker's money can be spent and we won't have this kind of treatment. 

SHAME ON THE HENRY STAFF.... This was not a good ending to an enjoyable night out with friends. I LOVED the decor and feel of this restaurant, however it was so loud that we had to shout across the table to talk.... the service was so-so.... the food was GREAT!笑
Service amazing, food even better. My son had the hamburger and fries off the kids meal it was the size of an adult meal and delicious. I had the shrimp cocktail appetizer, one of the best I've ever had in my life. I had the quinoa tacos which were different and very good. The kale slaw was out of this world. And the drinks forget it. I'd give this place 10 stars. Ambience is also gorgeous and very inviting. Did I mention they have a coffee bar inside the restaurant? Which is so amazing as well. Blown away! We will be back!!笑
Food consistenly good and a touch above other FRC outlets.  Korean skirt steak and quinoa tacos very good. Smoked salmon appt and artichoke dip were nothing special, however.  

Liked that the booths were well separated so that it wasn't that loud given how crowded it was. However, though we had reservation, weren't seated until an hour later. Quite the scene (like Olive + Ivy during the boom years?), I could have cast RHOS there. People in more expensive cars than you have no problem parking poorly in the narrow parking spaces, making the process of getting into your car after dinner Cirque-du-Soleil worthy.

Sam, please put in a valet.  These "millionaries" can't park!笑
The Henry is a beautiful large comfortable spacious restaurant with one of the BEST lobbies I have ever seen. I like the cool modern retro kind of look and I also liked that they don't have car jockeys and you can just easily park yourself nice and close. 

It's almost like two restaurants in one. You can order at a counter near the entrance and order off the board there and seat yourself or you can get seated in the dining room. I noticed the two menus are different.

They were very busy when I was there and had SEVEN hostesses on. Our wait was twenty five minutes for lunch.

Our waiter seemed VERY WELL Trained and was very hospitable.

We decided to split a salad and a sandwich for lunch.

I felt a little differently about the salad than my husband. The salad was full of beautiful produce and fresh grains and spiked with blue cheese for flavor. It was good but a little on the bitter side because of lots radicchio in it. My husband really liked the taste of the salad but didn't like the texture of fresh cooked squash in the salad. For me I thought it was missing something but it was still a good salad made with EXCELLENT ingredients.

Full Disclosure I am from the East Coast and have a certain way of what I think a corned beef sandwich should be like and what a Kaiser Roll should be like. I don't mean to blast The Henry for their artistic interpretation of a corned beef sandwich but from were I come from you might end up with new cement shoes and little fishes from the Schuylkill will be nipping at your noise for putting mayo on corned beef.  I'm not saying that other people wouldn't enjoy this sandwich but I don't think most people who know what a corned beef sandwich is MIGHT (or might not) be disappointed.

The C. B. and Rye.        (Oy Vey)

The roll was nicely flavored with rye and was VERY Fresh and delicate but wasn't like or resemble any kaiser roll I ever had and to me seemed more like a soft dinner roll. For me the roll didn't have enough structure to support the corned beef that I really had to bite threw. The corned beef wasn't tough but it didn't melt in your mouth either. The meat in my sandwich had snap to it and that feathery soft roll had to get squished. For me the flavoring was very mild for corned beef BUT still MUCH BETTER than the supermarket Boar's Head Brand because that stuff just sucks. The Mayo might have mellowed the flavor of the corned beef too. This seemed like the most interesting sandwich on the menu and I picked it because it was house made corned beef but it's a very watered down variation of what a corned beef can be.

While waiting in the lobby for my table I noticed other sandwiches that looked very good like the grilled cheese (available in the self order section) and someone at the bar had a burger that really looked pretty and just like those staged ones from a magazine. So I think your experience can be better than mine.

Give them a try see what you think.

This review is based on only one lunch visit.笑
Fun, great vibe with wide open spaces.  Because of the very high ceilings, it can be a little noisy/hard to hear, but there are quieter places toward the back.  Lots of seating.  Could use a few more tea selections (not everyone drinks coffee!).  Great location and friendly staff.笑
We were a party of 3 who arrived at 7pm. The place was packed so I was glad to have a reservation. The service was excellent from the time we walked in until the time we left. It was evident that the management takes the time to train the staff. We ordered drinks that were prepared to perfection,  then ordered an appetizer that was equally delicious. We were not rushed and after enjoying our drinks and starter we ordered our dinners. Our main courses were wonderful. Thanks for a great dinner out with friends.笑
This place has a stellar ambiance. I give their interior designer five stars but the food, prices, wine selection, quality, brunch menu, etc. far less. The brunch menu is not that tasty at all if you're a foodie. If you are hung over and just looking for something quick to eat not going for a quality perhaps this is your place. It's very trendy and has a great appeal but again, the food is way overpriced and not that great. The only reason I continue to go back is because their coffee bar atmosphere is really great for me to study. I ended up studying late last night and ordered some food there and was charged a two dollar up charge for a piece of bread with my already overpriced pasta. $14 for a salad that was the size of a starter plate, not worth it. They have fine dining prices and the quality is just not there! Do not be fooled by the myriad of Teslas, Porches, and S class Mercedes that you see in the parking lot. I think this place gets away with the prices and low-quality food because it's become more of a hook up joint. If you're a cute girl, be prepared to be hit on multiple times while dining or studying! ;)笑
Fantastic service, great food! There was a mix up with the tables for a reservation and the management (Colin) went well above and beyond. Highly recommended for anybody looking for a quality meal笑
Great food, okay coffee, nice staff still working out some of the bumps.  A bit high priced for a place calling itself a neighborhood restaurant. Will be back!笑
The Henry is a very chic and relaxing place to visit, if you wanna get out of the old town bar scene. 
I loved and enjoyed the service from our waiter and hostess. He recommended wonderful drinks for us to try. 
The food was okay not breathtaking for me. I had the Heirloom Quinoa Tacos with steak and they were dry and in need of some flavor or spice. I see others loved them but they weren't my favorite. For dessert, we had the strawberry cake and that was very delicious. The vanilla basil ice cream and strawberry jam was a nice combination. 
Overall I'll go again and probably try other items on the menu.笑
Food is great but the staff is almost as unfriendly and unwelcoming as they come. What really bothered me about this restaurant is the brunette morning manager who is obviously completely miserable, gossiping about the company/other managers, servers etc. with customers at tables next to customers that are obviously not deaf.. Professional, right?! And do not ask her for anything when she drops off your food- her annoyance is palpable.笑
Nice restaurant & beautifully decorated. I am not a big fan of open kitchen restaurants because I always end up smelling like food as I leave. The menu was more limited than what I was expecting but the food was good. More of a trendy place to go with friends rather than a food destination.笑
Great place for brunch! Really cool atmosphere, the patio outside is nicely shaded and the inside has a lot of neat decorations. The egg white turkey omelette was delicious and the original breakfast sandwich comes on a fresh soft croissant type bread. Every breakfast option comes with breakfast potatoes. You can either sit and eat or order at the coffee bar for a more casual atmosphere. Will definitely be back!笑
Oh Sam Fox ... Another win in your restaurant book. 

The restaurant is as beautiful as they say in other reviews.  It is contemporary, yet hipster, with a Euro flair. Whether you sit inside, outside, bar or at  the large coffee table it is a nice relaxing atmosphere.  

We went there for breakfast and chose the bar for the TV {football Sunday}. 
**Weekend Note - Arrive before 10am - NO waiting**

Le Pig $11.00: scrambled eggs, ham, havarti cheese & mayonnaise on a toasted croissant.  Review - AMAZING. Perfect portion and havarti cheese is a nice addition to a traditional sandwich and truly didn't need the mayo and was glad to have requested it on the side. 

Caramel Apple French Toast $10: brown butter cinnamon apple & maple syrup. Review - Okay. It is a thinner bread and not filling. We did have to send it back the first time because it was cold. However, the manager quickly came over to apologize and she removed it from the bill.  

Iced Vanilla Latte:  One of the best latte's I have had in town ... 

Thanks Sam for another gem in Arcadia, we will be back!笑
Disappointing. I was so excited upon arrival. Looked so pretty from the outside and there is parking! Such a huge plus in that area. 

Sat at one of the comfy seating arrangements in the bar area. Big mistake. As the restaurant fills up, people waiting for tables start to crowd into this area as the hostess stand is located nearby. It started to  1) get claustrophobic and 2) we completely lost sight of our waitress so ordering more drinks, obtaining water, and getting our check all proved difficult. 

We ordered drinks and appetizers at the same time. Another mistake. Appetizers all came out 10 minutes before the drinks arrived. I can understand drinks before food but the reverse is just awkward. 

My suggestion would be to wait a few weeks and given them some time to work out the kinks. With their corporate offices upstairs, I would assume they can work out glitches soon.笑
WOW! This restaurant is gorgeous! Since my friend's last name is Henry we sure had fun with the camera in regards to the decor and parking signs. Haha. Inside the place I felt like I was back in long Island in South Hampton on an episode of Revenge. lol- classy beach style. Except the whole front door, cheesy arrow sign that does not really match the theme. What's up with that? Okay, truth be told I love it anyway.  I chuckled at another reviewer that said he thought he was in a POLO catalog. I can see that, maybe, but not really. Anyway long story short the place is very pretty as everyone else has noted. 

The food and service are typical of a Fox restaurant experience. I have never had bad food or service at any Fox restaurant yet. They have a group mentality when it comes to serving so it is always wonderful with everyone helping. Their staff get extensive training on how to serve and it shows. I just do not believe bad reviews for service. I know stuff happens but I have eaten at Fox restaurants many, many times and it is always the same. All staff  members help at all tables. Their training is superb compared to other food places. 

For food we had the Popovers. The verdict is still out for me on the ham flavored butter. I like ham but I am not sure why this product exists. lol The waiter said Vegans like it. I did not dislike it per say I just thought it was weird. I am sure it was a taste thing. I can see the comparison. It tasted like ham but not. To me it had a smoky/gamey flavoring and I do not like that. I had the herb butter as a backup but my friend loved the ham butter. It all worked out okay. We also split a chopped salad, which was good. 

Since it was my birthday I was sent a mailing list coupon for a free desert. I got the bread pudding. it was so amazing!  My friend loved their new peanut butter dessert  bar. The drinks are fun here too. My Passion fruit drink was too tart for my tastes but I went with it and it was still "Delish." My friend got the Berry Lemonade which was great! I need to come back to try other entrees and sandwiches. The burger at the next table looked pretty good. ( insert drool marks) 

On the way out we noticed the patio, which is gorgeous. When it is cooler a patio date is in my future at the Henry. They should also consider hosting special events out there since it is so pretty.笑
I love this place. Packed or empty, service is great. Weekend brunch and Bloody Mary carts are the best thing! I recommend this place, but make sure you make reservations before you go on a weekend to ensure quick seating.笑
we made a reservation tonight but we're not seated until an hour after our booking time. that's not a great start to the night but i have to give massive kudos to everyone at the henry for really turning things around. the staff informed us that a few tables were lingering longer than expected. they apologized profusely and covered a round of drinks and an appetizer while we waited. the drinks were delicious, the guacamole was super tasty and the truffle fries were a group favorite. once seated, the server was attentive and friendly. everyone enjoyed their meals and shared bites with one another. without any prompting, the server noticed i hadn't eaten much of my cauliflower "polenta" side dish and offered to remove it from the bill. it was edible (kinda "meh") but not something i'd normally bring up. it was a kind gesture on top of many others tonight. and i have to say we all left feeling happy, full, and appreciated. sometimes it feels like yelp is riddled with bad service reviews, so it feels great to say some places still know how to get it right.笑
First experience didn't go very well but chucked it to the fact they were brand new. Waited a year to come back and glad we did. Food was amazing. The chicken and biscuits, TO DIE FOR. Only thing better than the food was the service from both the server and the Manager Will.笑
Love this restaurant. It is a casual, comfortable restaurant with a great variety of menu options and friendly skilled staff. 

First, the coffee is amazing. A great place for breakfast/brunch. The lunch and dinner menu is also great. I'd try the kale spinach dip, the roasted chicken and any dessert on the menu.笑
My favorite spot for lunch and to work out of in Arcadia! The west side of the restaurant is an excellent place to bring your laptop and have a coffee! Sam Fox killed it with this one! Food is great & the house cab is excellent as well!笑
Great place! Tons of space, funky decor. Cute! Had the best french dip ever, turkey and some kind of yummy aioli or something. Nice big room to bring a group for a work lunch or bring your laptop and chill with a coffee from the coffee bar.笑
Just got done eating here. Had the chicken sandwich for lunch with fries. Food is excellent. Great atmosphere. Had the desert which was good too.  Staff very friendly and service was excellent. Will definitely come back again.笑
A bit on the pricey side, but I loved the food and environment. We sat outside on the patio to enjoy the beautiful evening.笑
This is a really cute restaurant when you walk in. We went with friends for a birthday and had a nice table. This place is a little pricey but most everyone enjoyed their food. I was a little disappointed because I ordered the quinoa tacos and had an allergic reaction to something in the recipe so I didn't get to eat much. I was surprised they didn't offer to take it off the bill... Kind of made me not want to go back.笑
My favorite restaurant in the valley, San Francisco/NYC quality food, service atmosphere.

Since moving to Phoenix a year ago, I've been to the Henry 10 times at least. Food quality is excellent, service is fantastic, and when there is mis steps, they work hard to make it better, I've never left unhappy and completely satisfied. Looking forward to my next 10 visits.笑
My family and I went to The Henry for dinner last night. It was absolutely amazing! My husband & I split the roasted chicken with grilled asparagus and mac & cheese! It was incredible. Everyone loved their meals & their drinks plus the gorgeous atmosphere. We will absolutely be back! Such a great night!笑
Enjoyed a lovely breakfast at the Henry in September with the Breakfast Club UYE. 

Our party was 15 strong. 

We originally started out on the patio, but eventually moved inside due to the heat. 

Thank you Seth and Company for taking such great care of us; they absolutely shouldn't have gone this far for us. 

I love the design of this place; from the patio to the interior. Even the bathrooms were carefully thought out! 

Things Dude y yo ordered:

1) Pecan Cinnamon Roll 

. . . Ok, this was mostly to prevent a passed out Meg on the floor. Needed to get my blood sugar back up from a workout. But thanks Dude, Amy and Jon H. for sharing with me!

2) Egg White Turkey Omelette 

Solid post workout option. REAL roasted turkey, much appreciated. Organic egg whites. Healthy amount of avocado, tomatoes and swiss cheese. 

It came with breakfast potatoes and we ordered a side of bacon. SO much food. 

3) Bagel and Lox

Just your typical everything bagel with smoked salmon, cream cheese, tomatoes, capers and onions. 

This thing was PACKED! 

A little pricey for breakfast, but worth every penny.

Excited to go back and try dinner. 

Thanks Monica O. for hosting another awesome UYE, and thanks again to Seth and the Henry for tolerating our shenanigans!笑
Just returned from a shockingly mediocre dinner.  Am really angry to go to a restaurant that used to enjoy a great reputation, and now has me rethinking of ever returning.  I ordered the Poke, and it did not resemble any Poke that I have ever had.  Yes, the Ahi was fresh, but it was just slices of ahi tuna with sticky rice and Ponzu sauce.... Not what I anticipated.  My husband ordered a hamburger and told the server that if it doesn't come out medium rare, it will go back.  It went back 3 times.  If you can't properly cook a burger, then don't offer it.  I can make a burger perfectly at home, why can't they?  That chef should return to cooking class 101 or take a lesson in BBQ to learn the tools that are available to make a simple burger.  The fries came out warm and soggy, not hot and crisp like we requested. We order truffle fries and they came out as plain fries.  The darling, and lovely manager was mortified by what happened, and she picked up a great part of our tab, but that is not the point.   We went out for a simple dinner with friends, and got plain aggravation.  The restaurant was not busy like it used to be, so maybe this isn't an isolated incident.  Our friends ordered a pasta dish that was luke warm and a salad.  Service was not anything to brag about.  The manager, as I mentioned before, was the most professional.  She apologized numerous times, and Ajira should be commended for her diligence in trying to right a very wrong evening. She tried.  The molten chocolate/peanut better dessert was the best thing that came to the table tonite, compliments of Ajira ( I hope the spelling is close)!笑
Another home run for Sam Fox!  Great food and great atmosphere.

We had a rare family lunch today and decided to go somewhere new.  Kids menu was great for my youngest who is usually too picky to eat for cheap.

Appetizers get a 10. Popovers were really good as we're the artichoke hearts.  Smoked salmon with potato pancakes is an appetizer but my wife had for lunch and loved it.  I had the quinoa tacos - something I've never seen on the menu and they were excellent.

We were too full for dessert, but will be back again and will definitely try it next time.

Brussels sprout Caesar salad was unique and something I will eat again.

Almost forgot, our server Monica was really awesome! (As was the rest of the staff!)笑
The Henry is a "good" restaurant.  Drinks are unique (sort of). My entree was delicious (Black Cod) and the service was average.  Two drinks two glasses of wine one appetizer and two entrees $143.00.  

The one odd/ maddening thing occurred when I order a glass of wine and they bring the cheapest restaurant wine Glass glass for the wine.  I asked if I could have an actual Crystal Glass and she said she ask.  Back she comes with the "Good" glasses. Normally we only use these glasses with the reserve wines.  The wine for $14 per glass was the Cheap non- good glass qualifying wine (Pine Ridge Forefront).

The shrimp was shrimp Grilled and then Chilled $16. Nice size shrimp.   The black cod though was absolutely a melt in your mouth fish experience. Never have tasted a fish that was so succulent. My dinner companion had the Salmon. She could barely eat it in comparison- if you go, just have the Cod you will kick yourself and want it afterward.

The place is loud and if you're looking for a a place with no intimacy and you have $150 for dinner for two, this could be your place.  

PS - don't forget to ask for the good wine glasses - we all deserve good wine glasses, even if we don't buy a bottle over $100笑
Not a fan of Fox restaurants and went in for dinner expecting the usual inexperienced service and thrown together food, but The Henry blew me away with one of the best pasta dishes I've ever had and good service.

The atmosphere is not typical, either.  Imagine old money club meets renovated factory.  It works.  Very noisy, so don't go for a quiet meal.  It's a bit chaotic being so big and noisy, and this may have caused the long pauses between wait staff visits.

Great cocktails.  Definitely recommend.  Skip the dinner salad because they're pretty boring and pre-made so sit around a while.

Now to that pasta.  Try the bolognese.  You will thank me.笑
The ambience is gorgeous. It combines an old world feel that is yet very modern. The menu has the perfect selection of delicious offerings. The pop overs are a must. We shared s Brussels sprout Caesar salad, it was creamy, crisp, and Amazing! The roast chicken needed a little salt but the cauliflower polenta was perfect along with the Mac n cheese. The beef short rib was tender on the inside and the perfect bark on the outside. The taters were deliciously seasoned with garlic and butter. The sprinkled gorganzola added the perfect amount of flavor to this already delicious dish. Looking forward to going back to try more.笑
We visited Scottsdale for our anniversary. The Henry was our first dinner out. A simply PLEASANT experience from start to finish with amazing flavors surrounded by passionate workers.

Our server made multiple outstanding recommendations and even helped steer us away from one that wasn't a specialty of the restaurant. Many servers aren't confident enough to do this.

We started with the short rib potstickers, which were a perfect appetizer. The richness of the reduced ponzu sauce played well with the hearty textured braised meet and dumplings. Fresh cilantro for some life, and the six portion was a perfect lead in to the main courses.

My wife had the mushroom paella w an add on of seared scallops. The layers of flavor were well balanced, mixing in earthy vegetables and a sweet and smoky profile. The scallops were exactly what you want out of a scallop: buttery, salty, and delicious.

I had the ginger glazed, seared cod. It was served with fresh roasted vegetables over a delightful coconut broth. The broth stole the show, so much so that my wife was dipping her scallops in it before long. The dynamic flavor of the broth, underscored by spice and ginger was so subtly delicious and of course the cod was fantastically mouthwatering.

We finished with the house special bread pudding, all scratch made with caramel ice cream. Everything was spot on time wise, and the patio space was inviting and relaxing. Do yourself a favor and indulge.

Only possible complaint was my cod serving size was a little on the lighter side, but I am a Midwestern man, so I think I was just missing my potatoes! 5 stars, go enjoy the flavors and polished ambiance!笑
Loved everything about this restaurant starting from the ambience, the decor, and the food. Went there for lunch and we all enjoyed the food we ordered. I got the burger. The truffle fries were excellent. Will definitely go there again. Fox concept restaurants usually don't disappoint.笑
Wouldn't go back. The space is nice. The food is beyond underwhelming. Sounds great on paper and then it's served to you and you wonder where the hell is the flavor that all these great ingredients would have indicated. The service is slow and a little snooty. The servings are also quite small for the price. Nothing to write home about.笑
The food was awesome! I was a little under dressed, but if you do a business casual you will blend in. There was an hour wait, but they offered us outside seating right away. It was chilly, but they have heat lamps so it was perfect.

We ordered the duck flatbread and short rib potstickers for appetizers. They both were amazing!  We also had the pumpkin porter(seasonal beer). For our entrees we both got the turkey french dip. It was better than I expected. I got the apple slaw (it was okay),my friend got the mac and cheese (fabulous). The dessert menu has 5 items and all 5 were tempting. We went with the croissant bread pudding and we were not disappointed. I would love to come back and try other items on the menu笑
Well! I finally got a chance to go back last night! Service was impeccable...and probably had some of the best food I ever had! The quinoa tacos were amazing! The kale salad was out of this world! And why not top off the  "healthy" meal I had with the most awesome, the most spectacular bread pudding I ever put in my mouth??? Well done The Henry...well done!笑
I love the Henry!
The decor is absolutely charming. The food is phenomenal!
And I love the servers there! They are both attentive but aren't like helicopter moms of the food industry. It's a comfortable amount of attention. I recommend this restaurant to all of my friends/family/out of town visitors!笑
My wife and I have eaten recently at The Henry--twice! Once for lunch and once for breakfast. It's near where we live and we plan to become regulars there. 

The food is creative and delicious, the service is just superb, and the facility is a wonderful blend of the casual and the classic. It just feels good to be there in an unhurried, pleasant atmosphere. The wait service team is just superb. They all pay close attention to what's happening at the tables. There was no time when the staff didn't seem focused and hands-on in making sure guests  had what they needed, when they needed it. 

The XV Cafe opens early daily for casual breakfast, and it's outstanding. Along with a regular breakfast there this morning, my wife added a chocolate croissant at the end and I had their almond joy/raspberry brownie. Both pastries were impressive to the eye and our tastebuds. 

If you haven't been to The Henry, just go and see for yourselves. You may decide to become a regular, too.笑
The ultimate "meh."  

You walk into this place and you're struck by the decor.  It's a good looking place.  Good looking furniture, good looking people, good looking design.  Then you notice there's no hostess stand and what appears to be a refugee camp of people crowded to your left.  If you push through that, you'll find a hostess with an iPad that will tell you it'll be 90-120 minutes.  What she won't tell you (or me at least) is that the tables by the door you walked in are first-come first-served.  

The bar area is tiny for a place like this.  It seats maybe 15 and you'll have people hanging over your shoulders the whole time trying to get $7 beers while they wait in the refugee camp I spoke about earlier.  

Once seated you get the priviledge of waiting 15-20 minutes to meet your waiter, who in my case was a very friendly gentlemen.  I think he was the highlight of the evening. 

As has been said in many of these reviews, the menu is very narrow.  We had an app, 2 entrees, a salad, and dessert.  The entrees were good.  The gemelli with housemade bacon was very tasty and the cod was good.  Not $26 good but good.  The salad was literally a few leaves of iceberg and a cherry tomato.  We sent our app back (because it was cold) and then received it cold again.  Really?  Dessert (salted peanut butter bar) was difficult to chew and not really good.  All in with tip for two people we spent $100.  

I like Culinary Dropout, Sauce, and Blanco and I'd heard good things about this place.  What I experienced was that this place is new & feels cool, so you want to believe it was great.  But if you look past the plastic surgery (of the restaurant and the audience) you'll find you could have done better for your money nearly anywhere else.笑
Would like to give 5 stars but the brussel sprout salad only had 4 sprouts in it. Otherwise food was great. Serving sizes not huge but filling. The service was great. Liked the open concept. The sound level was OK. Enjoyed the experience for our party of 5. Everyone had something different and it was very good. My daughter is vegetarian and she was very satisfied which doesn't happen at all restaurants. Another good Fox restaurant.笑
I love this place. The blood mary cart is super awesome. I have tried three or four items on the menu and they were all delicious.笑
Love going to the coffee shop on Saturdays to study then enjoying a meal and a drink after my study session. Also great for brunch with friends or intimate dinner with your spouse.  The ginger black cod and the the caramelized scallops are my favorite meals to date, but still trying to have a taste of everything. They have freshly squeezed grapefruit juice with pulp and it is wonderful in a greyhound cocktail.笑
First time visitor, had heard a lot of positive things.

First, the ambience is very hip; from the separate sitting areas (bar, coffee area, dining area, patio) that each have some different decor to the funky framed art on the wall, it feels current.

The menu is diverse but not overwhelming, and there are some creative dishes and drinks, including some fun mocktails for the lunch crowd.  I ordered the recommended chai lime ginger beer (4 stars) and it was good: slightly bitter and sweet and the chai flavored undercurrent was a nice mixture with the ginger.  Yum.

Next we ordered the "popovers" (3.5 stars)  I'm still not sure if that is a made-up dish or something that is real, but I've never seen a "popover" in my life before now.  It is basically a bread roll with the consistency of a soufflé and is airy and mostly hollow on the inside, almost like a billowy pizza crust, with two really fancy butters: ham butter and chive butter.  It was all good; I surprised myself by preferring the chive to the ham butter.  I wish the popovers were a little more substantial on the inside; it was hard to spread butter within them because they were so hollow.

Entrees:

Fried Chicken Sandwich (3.5 stars): This was a good but not epic sandwich.  The chicken was moist, the toppings were fresh, but the sandwich didn't have enough sauce and flavor to blow me away.  If you like milder fare, this is probably a good choice.

Quinoa Tacos (3 stars): These were also good considering they were vegetarian, but will not rival a full-meat competitor: creatively served, tasty and light, but lacking the punch, smoke, and sizzle of a meaty alternative.

Cauliflower Polenta (4 stars): This is not the polenta I am used to, all rolled together in a big disc with sauce atop it, but is instead flavorful roasted cauliflower blended with polenta, almost like a couscous.  I loved it and are every bite.  Yum!

Bread Pudding (3.5 stars):  Moist, with caramel ice cream, and warm, this is a well prepared bread pudding.  It had a lot of raisins on it which had plumped up in the oven and in the moist trappings, but they were overwhelming to me.  Better if some banana caramel sauce were there instead of the raisins, then it could be a five star dish.笑
HELLO FOX RC!    First of all, um, The Henry rocks. 

What I love about this place: When I walk in everyone is dressed up either like they spend their Sunday sitting in lounges like Mad Men or they just left church. Either way, I'm digging it. The decor is wonderful, it's a Mad Men era-esque style with a modern vibe. 
 
Call ahead, seems like breakfast on the weekends gets busy and you need a reso.

They have a juice and coffee bar with danish and other delights available for eating in their sofa / lounge / community table area if you don't want to wait. Full menu isn't avail there though.

Service was a little slow but it was 10 AM on Sunday, and who's in a rush anyway?

My friend had the moscow mule (it comes in the correct copper mug), it looked awesome. I wasn't drinking, only having coffee, but their bloody mary cart looked cool and had infused tito's vodka selections.

I ordered the egg white turkey swiss omelet but with the whole egg, not just the white part. LOL. Also I had the fresh grapefruit juice and aforementioned coffee + cream. Very delicious. Breakfast potatoes came on the side. 

Not a huge menu but definitely something for everyone. Looks like they have good sammies and salads too. 

Will most definitely be back. :D笑
This place is the BEST FOC Concept Restaurant! Took my family there and EVERYONE enjoyed it. The atmosphere was fun, classy, and yummy! Our server David was very knowledgable about the menu. Check this neighborhood spot out!笑
Love this place. Great location, good parking, and the food and coffee is always awesome!笑
Went here with my friends this morning and was disappointed. The place looks great but the service is lacking - very inattentive. We waited a long time for our server. Once we ordered, she seemed to disappear. Our coffee and water were empty for long periods. Empty plates sat for a long time. The food took a very long time to come out (30+ minutes). I was not impressed with the food - I've had better at other places.笑
I wanted to give this place higher rating but it fell short.  3-1/2 stars overall
4 Stars for environment, service, and design
3 Stars for the food

Came here for brunch for a Sunday, had to find a hostess.  The wait was 15 to 20 for 2 people.  OK, no problem it smells delicious and the pastries in the front stand looked YUM!  Once we are sat, our server was SUPER awesome.  Never had to ask for a refill and took care of us.  I ordered the chicken fried chicken.  It looked so good, but it was very salty.  But I had a muffin and that was VERY good.笑
There is no front hostesses. There is a random desk in the middle of the restaurant. Made walking in the door a little weird.

The service was great, and our waitress was fantastic. We sat on the patio and loved it, very cute set up. 

The food was ok, nothing amazing. My sides were like warm. Our chicken was ok, a little weird. Chewy and fatty parts. 

Glad I tried it, but wouldn't go back.笑
Another Sam Fox restaurant? I am there! 

Went there for lunch on a Sunday afternoon and walked in and was seated right away. Great weather to eat outside. The service was excellent and the patio was spacious and perfect. 

Had the Diner Burger with a scrambled egg and 2 egg breakfast. The burger was excellent and prepared as requested. The 2 egg was was good and came with seasoned potatoes which were very well.

Have been wanting to try out this restaurant and will come back for dinner soon.

Thank you again Sam Fox!笑
Loved everything about our dining experience. The warm croissant bread pudding was a menu standout....nothing short of WOW笑
Had a date night here. Long wait for a table - staff were apologetic and kept us informed of how much longer we would have to wait. We probably waited at least 30+mins for our table (was a relatively busy night). Server took a drink order so we could sip and wait, as the bar area was full.
Once seated, our server was straight onto taking orders. A quick ask of what was good gleaned some great results.
The food was really good - I can't remember what we had from the menu as this review is some time after we dined there. Their white truffle parmesan fries were really good.
The quality of their food was very fresh, and the service was great. Nice wine list also.笑
Decided to see what the hype was about for my birthday!!!!! The Henry has earned every ounce of praise that it has received! 

The guacamole is amazing!!!!! From the crafted cocktails, the wine menu, flavorful salads and amazing salmon dish I am a fan!!!!!

The outside seating next to the fireplace is so relaxing and boasts of the ambiance that the Henry has to offer! The open kitchen is really neat and it hosts a separate bar on the side of you just want to come in and enjoy a cocktail and watch the game. 

We had all ages from 17-75 and everyone loved the experience, the food and the drinks! 

Will definitely be back!笑
Server attire way too hipster for me. Food is alright service lackluster. Not impressed at all. Decor kinda saved the day.笑
Alright, so I haven't been to The Henry in ages (life has been a bit too hectic to splurge) but I decided to come in on a whim and goodness I was not disappointed. 

From the moment we were seated, our experience at The Henry was fantastic. Our waiter greeted us and made our experience a pleasure - offering suggestions as to what to drink (hello Cactus Flower Margarita ) and how to make our meals better, topping it off with the most fabulous dessert and lots of laughs along the way.

The food was excellent, but Ruben is what made me a customer who will happily return.笑
Fourth visit - 5 stars for service and environment and COCKTAILS. 4 for food as breakfast potatoes are a "what?"  

Try the Bloody Mary from the cart, sample a mixed drink from the menu, or ask for your favorite spirit crafted to suit your mood. They have the bar thing down. Breakfast is our favorite meal so we know omelets. The Egg White Turkey is perfectly prepared with plenty of flavor and filling. It's not the best ever, but certainly not bad. No words exist in the English language to describe the ingenuity of carrot cake pancakes topped not with standard cream cheese icing but a dollop of a butter infused with cream cheese. My cakes were just shy of fully cooked - 5 stars for the concept, 4 for execution - but the meal was still delicious. 
Ron, our server, presented perfectly and knows his spirits, too. Live music was excellent.笑
The carrot cake pancakes with whipped  cream cheese topping is a wonderful and unique treat!笑
I took my boyfriend here for his bday dinner. Food was delicious, the staff was courteous and they even brought out a dessert with a candle. Thanks for making it a special night! I will definitely revisit.笑
I went with some friends here. It was a bit pricey but I enjoyed the roasted chicken and the drinks!笑
This restaurant is perfect for a fun, casual dinner. They have a wonderful wine selection and the food is a mixture of classic dishes and more inventive. I loved the short rib potstickers and chimichurri steak! The wine by the glass program is pretty amazing too. Delicious choices at a reasonable price. Will be back!笑
Maybe this place is good but it was so crazy crowded we had to leave.  Parking is very limited.  If you have a Porsche and worried about a good parking space, forget it.  you are going to get dinged in this crazy parking lot.  I saw several women with huge Suburbans trying to squeeze those into tiny spaces then slamming the doors into adjacent cars trying to get out.  Anyhow, very stuffy and entitled, spoiled hostesses like you are bothering them to put your name in.  Then they want to 'text' you for your reservation.  Well, i gave a number went outside, 45 minutes later no text.  I dedided to just leave rather that go into those snots and asked what was going on.  so, i didn't get to try the food because I couldn't get past all of these challenges.笑
We've been on a bit of a Fox binge lately, and I think I can sum up our feelings on The Henry in one word: Yup.

That's really all you need to know. It is outstanding.

First, the decor and ambiance is so glorious. You're sitting in someone's fancy mansion living room, except there's a gigantic kitchen in there so you can watch the action. It's such a unique environment, one that I haven't experienced in any other restaurant, and I LOVED IT. 

I started with a delicious glass of Sangiovese blend, while boyfriend ordered a pinapple passion fruit from their homemade soda list. (LOVE this trend.) It was tart and refreshing!

We started with the kale and roasted garlic dip, because obviously this is what one does when they see such a thing of beauty on the menu. I'll now dream of that cheesy, bubbly dip and how to replicate it at home, but I'll know it's a lost cause and have to head back there to order it again and again. (Kale means it's low-cal.)

I decided to keep with the gluttonous theme for the night and go with the black truffle lasagna. Two more words: COME ON. Your own (deceptively) tiny skillet comes out of the oven in a glory of pasta, cheese, mushrooms and brussels. Those shaved brussels really made it. I had to pump myself up to finish the entire thing (because I am fat), but it was worth it. So, so worth it.

Boyfriend had been waffling between the roasted chicken and burger. Our server quickly assured him the burger was amazing, and he kept it classic with a side of fries. He said it was easily one of the best burgers of his life. (Remember that fat thing I said up there? I used some of his fries to finish off the lasagna sauce left in my plate. Told you.)

The Henry really did live up to the hype for us. The only downside was that I don't get to live next door. Many return visits await!笑
Excellent organic chicken with multiple sides. We had cauliflower polenta and asparagus tips. Dessert: Bread pudding with whiskey raisins.笑
One of my favorite brunch spots (they are not as vegetarian friendly on the daily menu)... I adore their coffee drinks and the cheddar popovers (my meat eating friends use all the bacon butter while I stick with the herb butter), but the Bloody Mary cart is my obsession. House infused vodkas and personalized garnish options for your adult-size glass make them a solid choice. Enjoy!笑
The Henry is really good. I've been there twice now, nice crew, good servers. The food is very tasty and they have nice vegetarian options. I do suggest making a reservation. Oh and the blueberry pie is delicious. I'll be back!!笑
Love this place for brunch with friends or a business meeting. Coffee is good, service is attentive, and food is stellar. Great location and lots of outdoor seating to enjoy the fall/winter AZ temps笑
Any time is a perfect time for The Henry; it is my favorite place in Phoenix!  Perfect for coffee, getting work done on a laptop, brunch, a work meeting, lunch, happy hour, dinner, after-dinner drinks - any and all!  The food is delicious (truffle fries), the staff is phenomenal, and I love their patio.  The atmosphere is classy and laid-back...definitely not stuffy or over-the-top.  Added bonus that it is close to Camelback.  Fox Concepts did it again!笑
Terrific Fix Fox restaurant. 
We went based on a recommendation of our daughter and it did not disappoint 
Excellent specialty margaritas and guacamole to start 
I had the Chilean sea bass which was over risotto and Brussels sprouts.  One of the best pieces to fish I have had 
My wife had the roasted chicken which was also very tasty 
Great wine by the glass offerings. Bottles can get pretty pricey 
The hostess was friendly and sat us right away as we had an Open Table reservation   Our waitress was very helpful with just the rift level of attention 
You won't be disappointed with Henry 's笑
We have gone to the Henry a few times and always had a wonderful time.  We decided to share our love for the Henry with some friends a week before Xmas.  The experience was not good but we decided to over look it as a fluke.  

June 25th, a Sunday, we returned.  We had a reservation which we have never done in the past.  We sat and waited for 20 minutes to be seated and we were not offered a cocktail from the bar (in the past we were always greeted and offered a drink).  

When we finally were seated, we sat for another 10 minutes waiting for water and our server! 
  
Finally we placed our drink order... and waited another 10 minutes just to get our cocktails.  This was on a Sunday when the restaurant was not busy.  

Due to all the waiting around and a staff unaware of our pressence we were fuming.  However, Gray Goose can fix anything right?  We decided we would cool down and maybe it would get better.  The Gray Goose didn't help and our server never returned! 

We finally were approached by a different server who saw me staring at her every time she walked by.  Generally she would avoid eye contact which was highly annoying because it was clear by my body language I wanted to talk with her. 

She asked if we needed anything on about her 10th pass by us.  We explained we didn't know what happened to our server.  She then said she would just take over.  It was apparent to her that were were not happy and she seemed annoyed to take on an extra table.

She asked what we'd like to order and I politely told her that we would just take the check for the drinks.  

She then replied in barbie dream girl fashion - Ooh Kay!  

I found it appalling how we were treated and we will NEVER GO BACK! I regret telling so many people about this place.笑
Probably my favorite place to grab a coffee in town. It's perfect for business meetings, family time, or downtime.

It gets a little crowded but well worth the wait. The bar is also phenomenal and the whole thing has a Chicago vibe which is hard to explain. I love it.笑
The Henry has a wonderful ambience and AWESOME a menu! Unfortunately the service was lacking as it took us about 20 minutes before we received a drink after being sat. We also got no refills during our meal and were served our entrees at very different times. Half of our party received their plates and the rest had to wait another 20 minutes before the remaining people were served. We also ordered the poached egg and asparagus appetizer which we had to send back because the egg white was undercooked and we did not get it back until we got our entrees. Of our party of 10, three of us got the burger and found it to be mediocre. However, the sandwiches were all delicious as well as the guacamole appetizer. The manager was very apologetic and kind about the poor service. Despite the few issues we had I hope the staff was just having an off day because I would like to come back!笑
Really Cool place! We visited for brunch and I had one of the best summer brunch experiences I have had in Phoenix. By summer, I mean indoors. The interior of this place has a shabby chic vibe.

The Carrot Cake pancakes were wonderful. A great dish to order with a group and share will have something a bit more savory to balance the richness of the dish. Also had a pomegranate alcoholic drink which was great.笑
We had a pleasant experience here. The ambiance and decor are all very nice.

Our server was friendly, and the food came out quickly. There were plenty of different menu items.

We ordered the kale and garlic dip, which was very good! For dinner, we had the burger and the veggie pasta. Both were good. We probably won't be rushing back here, but it was definitely worth a try. And I'm sure we will return again in the future!笑
Great place. Great atmosphere. Excellent food. Be sure to make reservations because it gets busy! Fox Reataurants, you've done it again. Way to go! The Henry is a must-dine in the Phoenix area.笑
LOVED IT! 

We got the Salmon App & Butter-Poached Lobster and it was great. Our server recommended the salmon to us and we are happy that he did cause it was fantastic! The New York Strips were flawless and are HUGE portions. I bought half of it home at least.

Loved the molten lava cake for dessert. Not crazy about the lemon tart however! 

Can't wait to go back!笑
I had physical therapy for 4 weeks straight in the same business complex as The Henry. But it didn't open until my third week. So, to celebrate my final session, my mom and I went over there for a late lunch. 

This place, at least that day, pretty much embodied a healthy cross-section of Arcadia residents. First off, it was really crowded with, I'm betting, people who are Sam Fox loyalists. To avoid a wait for a table, we agreed to sit at a communal table. We ended up next to a group of five. They looked like they had just gone hiking or the two 30-something sisters went to yoga and the rest did something healthy and active. The patriarch in the group was going gaga because he had seen Sam Fox himself on his way inside and got up the nerve to say "How's it going Sam?" LOL. There were also a lot of well-dressed business people even though it was that slow week between Christmas Day and New Year's. There were also a lot of people with groups of kids--all well-dressed but a bit hyper of course.

I really like the decor set-up. It's very modern but industrial. There's a bicycle on the staircase that's behind the coffee bar area but not sure if it's someone's actual bike they use or it's there to give urban "street cred." You can go in just for the coffee bar that offers pressed juices. 

As for the food, I was really impressed by the cheddar popovers with the smoked ham butter. They were so airy. I felt like they didn't fill me too much before my warm salmon salad arrived. That salad is probably the best healthy option. I couldn't believe how they combined pretty much every vegetable you hate as a child--cauliflower and brussel sprouts --but made it really flavorful. The salmon was cooked just right. So many times, restaurants screw up salmon. My mother had the C.B. and rye (housemade corn beef). The corn beef was tender but they really pile it on. It's a big sandwich. It keeps well for leftovers the next day, which you might need. 

Considering the crowd of people who are very trendy and the wait, I may let some time pass before I eat there again unless it's on my way to another destination. But overall, I'd take someone here. There's a big enough parking lot that you don't have to do the valet.笑
Loved the food, coffee, waiter, and manager. We are from Houston, Texas and this was our first stop. Thank you for a wonderful Father's Day brunch.笑
Reserved breakfast at The Henry for Mother's Day. Just hubby, myself and two pups. Pups aren't allowed on the dining patio, only in the very front, which they don't normally make a reservation for (because it's first come-first served for quick coffee and pastries). But they made an accommodation for us. Had a nice shady table in the front where we could catch views of Camelback Mountain and people watch.

This place is turning into an Arcadia hotspot and we saw lots of folks, mostly well-heeled, coming and going with their families. But it's also a good place to enjoy coffee or made-to-order Bloody Mary's with friends. Like all Fox Restaurants, the interior is well designed and the menu is innovative, but I kind of wished they had more traditional breakfast staples. For example, they offer carrot cake pancakes and caramel apple french toast...which sound decadent...but too dessert-like for me for breakfast. 

I had the Flower Child Scramble with organic eggs, kale, mushrooms, asparagus, peas and parmesan accompanied by potatoes. It was good, but didn't come with toast, so I ordered a side of the Cheddar Popovers to nosh on while waiting for the main entree. Hubby had the Quinoa Breakfast Burrito, which he enjoyed. I also ordered the "Drop Out" latte with caramel and it was delish. 

The bill for two was around $50, so not a cheap place for breakfast, but good for special occasions.笑
Sam Fox does it again! I'm so behind on checking the rest of the newish FRC spots in the Phoenix area, but alas, I made it to The Henry. It's Sam Fox in every way- they've nailed ambiance, service and a solid menu. It appears this restaurant shared the building with their HQ, it's pretty cool! I loved the vintage yet contemporary setting. My group of three managed to get seated right away on a Tuesday night, but it was also like 8:45pm. The place was still bustling with diners. I stuck to wine even though the cocktail and whiskey list did impress. We shared the avocado toast to start. It was fresh and light and could easily be made at home. I'd probably order something a little more indulgent next time. I must've been in a healthy mood, because I ordered the Mediterranean fatoosh salad with chicken. This item was not particularly impressive for an entree salad, there was barely a hint of Sumac in the dressing. Those looking for an extremely lightly flavored or garnished salad might enjoy this. It was A-Ok. Next time, I'll go for a main entree for dinner. My dining buddies devoured their dinner- the roasted chicken and a pasta dish. Luckily, they were happy to let me in on their entrees! I'd go for the roasted chicken for sure, served with mashed potatoes and a side salad, this dish is comforting and filling. Overall, The Henry is fun and fresh and the service was stellar.笑
Farmed salmon dish posing as real wild caught salmon (look it up); server didn't know any better so she lied in saying that it was indeed wild. That about sums it up for me. Otherwise uninspired menu that is overall decent enough but not spectacular. Same goes for the ambiance and decor. It looks like they tried to do something interesting here, hired skilled designers and mostly pulled it off, but it still kind of falls flat. Very typical Fox concept. I'd come back if they priced it as what it is, but this is definitely a lame corporate concept struggling to pose as something that it never can be.笑
One of the best places in the state.  Everyone wishes they had a place like this.  The flow of people makes my head spin.笑
We love going here for the jalapeño infused Bloody Mary! Every time I have a visitor from LA, I bring them here. So far this place has not let me down.  Steak sandwich was simple and very pleasing. Try the kale & chop salad.笑
Probably one of my favorite Fox Restaurant Concepts. I have been here twice and both times were phenomenal. The first time I went I balled out and got multiple appies (appetizers) along with my meal and dessert. I feel like I should be guilty for eating all of this food but I am not because I loved trying multiple things they had to offer. I have tried the short rib potstickers, popovers, truffle fries, guacamole, and the goat cheese toast appetizer. With the exception of the truffle fries (didn't really care too much for them) all of the starters were incredible. Main entrees: first time got the braised short rib and freakin loved every bite of it. Second time I got the Korean style steak with vegetable fried rice and damn, they just know how to cook their beef. It was perfectly medium with really great flavor and the vegetable fried rice was on point! First time I went I got the bread pudding for dessert which was fantastic but the second time I got the peanut butter chocolate molten cake and was not too happy with it because it wasn't really a molten cake I was expecting chocolate to be gushing out of the cake and was sad I didn't see that...But overall the ambience, food, and service is all worth coming here. Just expect to spend a little more than average for dinner.笑
The best thing was that the restaurant was just lovely and the service was superb.  My husband made a comment before going, that he guessed it would be 'hipster' in nature....overpriced food with small portion sizes. While the food was great and the ambiance wonderful, the portions were very small for the price (literally 6 tortellini pieces in a  pasta dish that cost $18). We went to eat sushi after because we were still hungry. However, I find that to be the case for most fancier type restaurants, so I wasn't really surprised by that.   They were very accommodating to the vegetarian and vegan in our group...so A+ there!!笑
Ohhhh The Henry... boy do I love visiting them for dinner every chance I get. They have some great dishes that just melt my heart and make my knees buckle. 

I really love the ambience of this restaurant, it has an upbeat vibe and is full positive energy. It does get a little loud, so don't expect an intimate setting.

I love, love, love the Short Rib Potstickers and Korean Style Skirt Steak. If they ever remove either one from their menu, they must provide me the recipe! The potstickers have an amazing sauce that is just out of this world, but is so simple at the same time. I'm not a big beef eater, but I always make the exception for the Korean Style Skirt Steak. They serve it with a very flavorful rice that I can never get enough of. 

I've tried many other great things on the dinner menu and I never left unsatisfied. This is surely one of my favorites in the Arcadia area.笑
Atmosphere was great, service not so much. Had a parade of "not busy staff" stare at me for 15 minutes before I asked the hostess for a menu. Still that didn't spark service. When our server finally surfaced, I asked for any specialty vodka drinks. She said there were none. After my wine arrived, saw their signature drink, vodka pulp. Went to bar, same server wiped off food from bar, or at least 6 inches of it. Asked again to clean, then gave up and cleaned myself including heaps of food on bar chairs .  She sure was there when I asked for the check, wish the rest of our service was that attentive. Aside from the bartender, staff seemed disengaged. Won't be going back.笑
The Henry was awesome! One of the best brunches we had while in Phoenix. The atmosphere was like a vintage/industrial mix, the quality of the food was fresh, and the service was great. Our server Cameron was kind, patient and very helpful. 

We started out with the Parmesan popovers that were served with two kinds of butter-WOW!! I had the veggie scramble just filled with delicious veggies. Another friend had the carrot cake pancakes which she said were to die for, and another friend had the egg white omelet which she also enjoyed. The whole experience was great!笑
Best place in town!  Everything on the menu is amazing and tastes great. If you are looking for a great specialty cocktail. The old fashioned is done really well there.笑
Even though this fine establishment and I share a great and noble name, my 5 stars go straight to the entirety of The Henry. I think that there is a lot of quality and uniqueness to this place. Came here with a friend when I first moved to phoenix and loved it ever since. Great coffee, great service, awesome seating area for doing work and such. Highly recommend if you are up for something different.笑
Lunchtime and time to try out The Henry, which my fiancée had heard a lot about. We chose to sit outside in the very summery and cozy garden patio.  It wasn't very busy and we were served promptly.  The service was just decent, for example we had to ask to get our water glasses refilled. I ordered their burger with garlic Parmesan fries and it was very good, however it seems that they could have "upped" the presentation with something apart from just the burger and the fries.  My fiancee's pasta dish was delicious but extremely small.  It didn't fill her up at all and if I had ordered it I would have been more than disappointed.  We mentioned this to our server who said that he would inform the chef.  Before we left a female host came up and apologized and offered to comp us dessert or a drink, which we declined.  That was a very classy and highly appreciated gesture.笑
Just stopped by for Sunday brunch, very crowded so we took a small table outside for quicker service.  Food was pretty good, but the service was pretty bad and the flies (outside) were horrible.笑
Ok. So I actually have to WORK at toning down my excitement about this place. Came upon it by accident today for breakfast, thinking it was a different place I had visited just across the street. Decided to give it a try anyway since I'm always down for a new experience and...

... ... WOW. Could NOT have been more pleased. The decor, style, and ambiance of this place is right in line with other Fox Concepts, which means that it toes that fine line between quirky and elegant without being overbearing. You feel at once at-home and enchanted.

The Henry was busy when I visited it today (a Saturday) at around 10:30am. In fact, there would have been a 20-30 minute wait for the dining room had I not decided to sit at the bar. Fortunately, the bar and lounge areas are full service, so it worked out very well.

Everything about this place is simply wonderful. The food menu is diverse with notably healthy options. It's clear that a lot of thought went into their food. VERY fair prices, too, considering the portion sizes and mouth-watering combinations. I ordered the Quinoa Breakfast Burrito and savored every bite.

The drink menu is also pleasantly diverse including everything from craft brewed coffee, to special house coffee drinks to truly upscale alcohol offerings. I tend to prefer out-of-the-way single malt scotches and The Henry had it all! I'll definitely be coming back here for a good scotch!

The building is open concept, but it still segments nicely between dining room, bar, coffee bar, and cafe. There's plenty of seating both indoors and on the outside patio, so even when it's busy (like today), it's easy to find a spot and camp out for a while with your laptop if you're into that sort of thing.

Service was outstanding across the board despite the large number of visitors, and everything I ate/drank was phenomenal. I will absolutely be back, and it will absolutely be to introduce new friends to the place. I highly recommend this.

If you haven't been yet - GO! You won't be disappointed.笑
This is one of Sam Fox's best places yet!  My wife and I consider this place the standard to compare all other Phoenix places to eat.  Everything we had on the menu was great.  We usually go here to eat once or twice a month.笑
Reconciling after our Ingo's spat (see previous review) Companion and I stumbled into The Henry on New Year's Eve and were greeted by three men in tuxedos and women in elegant gowns.  Taking them for Maitre D's and Hostesses, I immediately tipped the one who looked like he was in charge.  He dutifully escorted us to two seats in the center of the bar.

Our bartender, Teddy, a cross between Nikki Six and late '70s Ronny Wood, informed me that the tuxedoed gent did not work for The Henry.  I was out a quick sawbuck.

Undeterred, Teddy poured Companion a mean Martini and a capable Coors Light.  (No Miller Lite, so loss of a star immediately). The Menu was divided into appetizers, which looked great, and main courses, which looked expensive and enough food for the massive Offense Lineman of the visiting Fiesta Bowl Teams.

Opting for smoked salmon and chilled shrimp, the food was tasty and filling enough for our needs.  Our attention turned to the atmosphere and people watching. The restaurant is cool and the clientele in the place was a combination of the hoi pollio, social elite, literary cognoscenti and hardened criminals.  Surely a good mixture for New Year's Eve celebration.

The evening moved on to champagne, served in a traditional glass and not a flute! (Stay Classy The Henry!) The crowd got bigger and more energized and very well dressed.  Stepping out to use the facilities, when I returned Companion's chair was empty, the tuxedoed crowd had left and the large limo parked in the front was gone. She had opted for a better celebration.

Consoled by Teddy and another Coors Light and running into my favorite The Henry person, Monica, I suffered through another sad New Year's Eve. HOWEVER, The Henry was a winner and I look forward to going again!笑
Wanted to have lunch here today.  Not even a chance of finding a parking spot.  We even went in the back of the entire complex and not a spot to be had that wasn't marked "reserved."  So many of these new restaurants don't supply adequate parking for their patrons! Very disappointing!笑
Oh my, I have just one word for this place: yumazing!  But reviews need to be longer so let me just say bacon, bacon, bacon, omg bacon, crispy bacon,  2 friends and I ordered 3 more sides of bacon, bacon.  The Bloody Mary cart was a unique feature.  Every dish we ordered was perfection, lox and bagel, French toast, brie toast, popovers, truffle fries, all so good.   As was the waitstaff.  Kudos to the general manager,  Kelly, for taking the time to make us feel so welcome.   Because of our central lcation @ table 13, I noted that it wasn't even special,  she really took the time with every table she can get to.  Highly recommend this spot.笑
It took forever to get a table and I witnessed a couple of parties leaving.  The server was attentive the entire time but the food was slow coming out.  Although it was slow coming out, it was quality food although the portion size was somewhat small considering the price.笑
Charming hip vibe   Excellent service.  We had a reservation for a party of 7 and were seated promptly at a large round table.  Bloody Mary from cart  was good, not fabulous but adequate.  Several ordered the carrot cake pancakes and they were divine!  Not overly sweet.  2 ordered the Pig Sandwich and loved it.  The only meal that was below average was the chicken fried chicken. It came a fair amount after the rest of the dishes. Not sure why the delay.  The server brought out toast and a side of bacon for him "while he waits". The dish consisted of 1 biscuit and 2 very small pieces of the chicken and eggs.  The chicken was very rubbery and disappointing.笑
Whether I've been there for breakfast, lunch, or dinner, the atmosphere is always energetically sophisticated. Service is friendly and fast. (Although getting lattes takes a bit longer than other places). Food tastes fresh and moderately priced.笑
Service lacking. Waited almost an hour at lunch to sit  - ordered as soon as we sat down - an app and all our meals. Our drinks came 10 min later. The guacamole came 20 min after that - and by guac I mean an ice cream scoop of it and about 10 chips. Then the food came 30 min after that. Nobody checked on us. We didn't like the turkey club but there was nobody to tell. Then we sat w plates for about 15 min waiting for our check. So arrival 11:35 and didn't finish until nearly 2. On a work day. It's no wonder it takes an hour to sit when every table is there forever on a workday lunch. Our food a disappoint and won't know if anything else is good cause I won't be returning. 4 people was $80 no alcohol pretty pricey for the "Henry" experience.笑
Went here for my first time and I fell in love. The decor is amazing just like every fox restaurant. The Henry however is a more relaxed casual feeling but yet still manages to be high class. We went for breakfast and ordered the brûlée grapefruit, smoked salmon, sample of pastries. Yeah that was just our appetizers! The smoked salmon is to die for, it is on top of some hash brown. Strongly recommend it! Over all our meals and appetizers were phenomenal and well worth the price, which wasn't too bad. Excited to try there dinner menu.笑
Went in for Brunch- while this has been a favorite I was disappointed this morning - 
A friend and I met for brunch - I had the Flower Child scramble and ordered a side of fruit. The scramble was great but the fruit was bland and not worth ordering. We ordered lattes and they took forever - 20 minutes for a latte when we were there at 8 am ?  They need to work on their timing.笑
I like the decor of the place, but the food (at least the plate I had - CB and Rye) was just ok...definitely not worth the price they charged. However, their homemade sodas and lemonade was good.笑
First time at  The Henry.  Great atmosphere .  Real wood butcher block tables, real leather on the booths,  oh yea, the food was good too!
Unique combinations and great drink menu
Acoustics were not good though笑
I finally found a Bread Pudding that I would brag about. The best bread pudding in Phoenix.

Like everything Sam Fox does, it was well designed. Since it is still brand new it was crazy packed so we enjoyed the patio. You couldn't really feel like this had been a parking lot in a drab office building months before.笑
Best drink I have ever had. So fresh. Fig and ginger mule. Spring 44 vodka figenza fig, lime, pomegranate, ginger beer..笑
This is a fun place for everyone .. This was my second time eating here..nice open atmosphere. We had brunch here today , delicious club sandwich and carrot cake pancakes .. The food is great here, my main complaint both times here is the service ... very, very s-l-o-w.. Took over 30 mins for our food, wrong coffee order , no sweetner on table, another 10 mins.. Forget about any refills, had to ask hostess to locate our waiter.. Obvious they do well here but they may need some more training with the staff.笑
Really loved dining here - the outdoor space is fantastic! Menu was varied. A little on the pricey side, but if you know that going in, I think you're ok. Convenience to the airport is a major plus, and I can see why a lot of business diners go here. 

It was hard to decide on beer v wine v cocktails here. All of the choices looked amazing. I would definitely come back again - for drinks and/or dinner. We ended up sticking around for most of the night.

Only downside was the service. Our server was pretty bad - he forgot about my wine order several times and took forever to get us our drinks and take our food order. He forgot about a lot of the things we asked for and seemed very distracted and scatterbrained. Our experience improved greatly once the crowds dwindled and our server was replaced with someone who seemed more senior.笑
Food wasnt bad and the coffee selection and taste is good, i just wish the customers didnt act so stuck up and rude especially the elderly ladies. Will be coming back just maybe next till ill order to go.笑
Great decor and the food is yum. It is definitely great for a group brunch. The popovers were delicious and so were the coffees. Our breakfast entrees were good although the bruleed grapefruit was more memorable to me. It looked pretty dog friendly as well.笑
Besides my fondness for bald men, Peter, the manager on duty was especially accommodating. It was my birthday and he made it super enjoyable (I started early, no questions asked) When I first walked in to the place I realized there was a distinction between the coffee area and restaurant itself, I had a the butcher with 4 shots of espresso (who doesn't these days) and waited for my gf in the lobby area. The decorating was superb, concrete walls with embroidered mid century sheer drapes. Krystal set up the bar and served us a couple champ bottles requested for my birthday. Vanessa, Emily and Ali are the best barista's, after only a couple visits they already knew my usual order. I will continue to be a fan, working from this location has been a blast笑
My whole experience was amazing from start to finish! The meatballs were perfectly paired with huckleberry compote and Greek yogurt; do not miss. I had the salmon salad and I can't get it out of my head. I loved the white beans and Brussels sprouts... The cornbeef sandwich with the kale apple slaw was phenomenal. And lastly for dessert, the chocolate cake was moist and very rich. Service was friendly and attentive but not intrusive. Grant was an exceptional server. It is a little loud but if that deters you, you are seriously missing out and don't deserve such a great meal.

You have to go and try out The Henry once it opens. You will not be disappointed!笑
Came here tonight for my birthday for the first time and I will DEFINITELY be back! 
Our server Patrick was extremely nice and helpful and gave us some of the best service we've had around! 
We started with the guacamole and oh my goodness it was so amazing! We followed with the steak sandwich and chicken which were both so delicious! 
Drinks: we ordered two different mules but the best was the pineapple and passion fruit mule!!!!!
Looking forward to our next visit!笑
I'm torn between giving this place 3 stars and 4 stars.

The best thing about this place is the atmosphere.  I loved the decor and the furniture.

The food was slightly better than average.  I ordered the quinoa tacos, which I enjoyed but wasn't crazy about.  My boyfriend ordered their brisket, which was actually really tasty, but too fatty for his preferences.  My other friend ordered their vegetarian pasta, but the entree was too small for him.  He was still hungry afterwards and ended up ordering a side.

Overall, I am not very likely to come here again, just because there are other restaurants I like better in close proximity to this place.笑
Great food and amazing service. I've been here for lunch and dinner a couple times. The food is great, but seems overpriced for what you get. Seems as though you are paying more for the trendy experience and environment, opposed to flavorful food. 

Be sure to take a picture in front of the classic "The Henry" sign out front and post!笑
Atmosphere was great, decor reminded me of by southern upbringing.  The drinks were tasty and the food was fantastic.  Will definitely go back. Fox does it again.笑
Poor customer service! Second time my reservation can't be located. The interesting part is that I received a call yesterday confirming my reservation. I confirmed it and today I arrive and my reservation can not be found. The same thing occurred two weeks ago to my friend. The young gal was rude, said, "you should consider adding reservations to my phone calendar." I asked to speak to manager and she replied he isn't it today. FRC needs to take some time to train their employees on the fundamentals of customer service.笑
Their fried chicken is amazing. The mimosas are really strong and they make their Bloody Mary's right in front of you. Ask for David when you come, he is so great!笑
Pretentious people are going to rave about this place just because it's a new overpriced restaurant that they can say is their hangout. Love the interior and the patio, but seriously chik fil a has better chicken sandwiches (tried it twice). Nothing special about my partners club sandwich either. Orange hibiscus drink was excellent!笑
Would have given a lot more stars. The first time I came here,  I had the Korean Skirt steak. It was absolutely fantastic. I just had to come back with my wife.  And I did. But this time around it just wasnt good. It was nowhere as good as the first time. It was just ok. Not so happy with the lack of consistency. Quite disappointing in fact. But maybe it was just a bad day for the chef. Ok that is fine. But when I mentioned this to our waitress,  her attitude changed. The steak was not her fault,  she had nothing to do with it. But after that she started being short with us and just dropped the check on our table. That is not very professional.  For any restaurant,  the wait staff should be able to take any criticism,  as long as it is doled out nicely. If I never intended to come back here,  I would not bother to express my opinion on the steak. But I did so because I want to come back and have the steak that I had the first time I was here. Not to take away the credit for the truffle fries. They were fantastic by the way.笑
Food is Excellent,  wait and bar staff top notch. I just don't get the hostess team, horrible. A 20 min wait for a table outside when there are 8 tables available???笑
My favorite coffee spot in Phoenix. The coffee and atmosphere are great. This place is always hopping, yet they have enough seating. (Parking can be tough.) 

The food menu is very good; however, they only serve meals at certain times of day. Consume all their tasty baked goods with reservation; your waistline will thank you! (The vanilla bean scones are absolutely addictive.) I would like to see more quick, high-protein menu options as an alternative to the bakery sweets.笑
So why is it that when I learn that a restaurant is part of a chain my first thought is that it can't be that special? Maybe because when that's the case my assumption is that its food, its operation, its atmosphere, will all be standardized--in the bad meaning of that word. "Standardized" as in all the same, all repeatable, all not that special.

Funny how wrong your assumptions can be. (And by "your" I mean "my" :). 

The Henry is part of Sam Fox's restaurant chain of what he calls his 50 or so "concept" restaurants. And yet The Henry totally rocks. Was there with Phoenix friends the other night and had a 5 star meal. Started with the absolutely divine cheddar popovers served with bacon and with dill butters. OMFG. Every meal should start like that. So completely wonderful a way to start a dining experience. Didn't think anything could top that until we each had a cup of the totilla chicken soup. Oh my double FG.... The most rich, succulent, layered, complex tortilla soup I've ever had. What a great way to follow up on the perfect introduction. 

My honey and I next split an order of their roasted chicken and 2 sides which were all very tasty (the unusual cauliflower risotto and the more common but perfectly prepared Brussels sprouts are highy recommended). Finished with what was about the best caramel croissant bread pudding I've ever had, made even better by being topped with some delicious vanilla ice cream. 

Wow! Sam Fox, you da man. I'm a fan and you've made me give up on my false idea that a chain restaurant automatically means mediocre eating. Thanks so much.

So sign me,
David "Chain-saw" M笑
Must try the avocado toast and Bloody Mary ask for the bacon vodka! Soooo good! The waitress was so friendly there, shot out to Moriah!笑
Just had Sunday breakfast here: the food, service and people watching were exceptional. I had to take a star off for the coffee which was awful. It must be a cheap low grade- it was so acidic it curdled soy milk even when cool...笑
I love this place. I went for brunch on the patio and it was perfect, very charming and the food was delicious! The bathrooms are clean and beautiful too- including Edison lights!笑
The Henry is perfect.  Great food, great environment, great service, great decor.  The attention to detail and the choices on the menu are just what a casual diner is looking for.  PLUS, I can get my work done and sip on coffee in the work space area.  I am a big fan and will be back again and again.  Thank you!笑
Great atmosphere and amazing food! Went there for lunch a few times & never once disappointed. The popovers are a must for starters. I usually ordered the short ribs with their veggie fried rice...too die for!! My friend is gluten free so the restaurant was really accommodating & went out their way to prep her gluten free meal. That's the downside of this place, they don't have gluten free menu but I haven't been there for 6 months so they may have changed? Better call ahead to find out if you need gluten free menu.笑
The place is just the best...Fox always does it right.  The food is terrific, the ambiance great, comfy seating to wait it, a great bar and now an even expanded coffee bar..love it all.  You can't go wrong here!!笑
Spent a week in Phoenix and enjoyed the food, decor, vibe so much that we ate there twice.
Kale & apple salad was excellent, along with the black code, short rib, skirt steak (the most tender skirt steak I've ever eaten) and the salmon. We loved the cheddar popovers. Great cocktail menu and wine selection.  We thought the prices were fair.  Kudos to a great wait staff.笑
Loved the seasonal salad! Butternut squash and nuts-yum! Try sweet potato semifreddo was fantastic! My husband enjoyed the chopped salad too!笑
I've been here twice:  once for breakfast and once for dinner.  I didn't like their breakfast menu, but their coffee was good.  Dinner was a much better experience.  Great food and drinks, and friendly staff.笑
The Henry is terrific--the space is great looking and very inviting.  They were packed on a Saturday afternoon so we sat at the bar--which was terrific--I wasn't in the mood for day drinking so I had a virgin mary--it was fabulous--can't wait to go back and do the make your own thing--had breakfast--just simple eggs and potatoes --everything was just right and one of the best breakfasts I have had in a long time.  Definitely plan to go back and try some of the other dishes.笑
It's all about consistency. 

In Scottsdale for a conference. Came here one night and had such a great experience that I booked a group reservation for a few days later. If only that same level of care had been present the second night. 

My first visit:
Crowded. Popular. Patrons were all having a good time. Nice large dining space. I was impressed with the unique selection of specialty cocktails. The service was good. The guy was timely and not imposing. Attentive. Helpful. The food was deliciously impressive. Which is why I booked a group reservation for a few nights later. 

Second visit:
We were all late getting there. The hostess was nice about it even though the hostess was consistently kinda crabby. Which reminds me... The hostess stand is a serious problem in this place!  The hostess stand faces the interior to the restaurant - not the door. When you walk in, it's hard to know where to go or with whom to speak about getting a table and the hostesses act like they're doing you a favor. But I digress... 
So after we were seated and ordered our drinks, the server disappeared for about 30 minutes and never took our order. After we flagged down a different guy, our server returned finally with drinks. She took our order then and generally was just slow. After we all finished our entrees, once again our lovely server had disappeared. We might have ordered dessert had we not feared growing old and turning to dust before she decided to return. Our meals were good. Everyone was happy with that but the slow service wore us down. Basically, the server could have gotten us to order at least one more round of cocktails and a round of desserts had she been more on-the-ball. More food and drink & better service equals more business for The Henry and more tips for little Miss Amnesia. It's simple math.笑
Nice place to grab some breakfast. Food here is delicious and fresh. Will definitely come back.笑
The Henry is a great spot - the restaurant is spacious, charming, and well decorated. The coffee shop is adorable and there are many options. 

My friends and I had brunch here on a Sunday morning- we came around 11 and had to wait approximately 45minutes for a table (get a reservation!), but it was well worth it. 

We came to The Henry for the Bloody Mary's we heard so much about. The cart was a new experience- they had 8 kinds of flavor-infused vodka to choose from and garnishes like bacon, celery, olives, pickles, pickled onions, etc. It cost us about $10 per Bloody Mary and they were bigger than I expected them to be. They were DELICIOUS! One of the best Bloody Mary's I've had (and they're my favorite drink) 

I'd recommend this spot for brunch but I would definitely advise reserving a table ahead of time. If not, though, you can grab a coffee or donut and sit in the lounge and relax!笑
We started with drinks at the bar, EXCELLENT bartender, Teddy. We got a table in the dining room and had a wonderful evening. Our servers name was Adam. (my wife said BEST SERVER EVER! ) THANKS THE HENRY! can't wait for brunch!笑
Went here on a Friday night when my friend couldn't get same day reservations at the original place for a group of nine.  Had the guacamole dip as appetizer, which was good but didn't care for the chunks of oranges in it.  Ordered the quinoa tacos which were delicious and enough for me even though you get only 3 mini soft tacos. The portion here is very off though. Someone ordered the burger which is HUGE and another ordered the Ginger Cod which left him still hungry because he finished it in 4 bites. For dessert, everyone raved and shared the custard over the chocolate cake. Oh, love the patio seating but be prepared to get blinded by headlights if you are facing the parking lot at night, it happened to us every 2 minutes. Only 4 stares because some left starving for the price that was paid and the parking; not only limited but the space is narrow!  I was expecting my car to be key scratched from the driver on my right since he probably had an issue getting in :) Looking forward to trying some lunch items.笑
My husband and I were here for brunch right when The Henry opened and we hadn't been back until dinner tonight. We didn't make a reservation but we're still able to sit on the patio which was perfect. Not too loud, great ambiance and plenty of heating lamps. I ordered the mule and it was great. We shared the braised beef pot stickers and I could have eaten an entire bowl of them. We also shared the Brussels Caesar salad which was good. My husband loved the Korean skirt steak. I got the branzino and it was very good, not the best I've ever had but still good. This is a great place to take out of towners when you want to impress but not break the bank. I thought that entrees in the twenty dollar range that include sides is pretty good!笑
Where do I begin?????

Well enjoyed being seated only to wait about 5 mins before the server (he didn't say his name) came over to ask if we wanted something to drink.  Mentions there was a coffee bar and pointed over the area so did he want us to get our own coffee?  Seemed implied.  Ok 2 of my friends order coffee drinks and another ordered green tea and I got water.  I was really excited about the build your own bloody mary cart that I kept hearing about.  Only for him to explain it's not ready yet and will be in about 30 mins.  Ok that makes it 930am great. My friend then had to ask him to bring 2 waters for our friends who weren't there yet, ummm shouldn't he has just known to do that without having to be told?  Okay so friends get there and ask to be on their own tab (makes it so easy before ordering everything) they ask for an iced tea and diet coke.  Super simple right, well at this point horrible server tells us the bloody mary cart isn't going to be ready for another 45 mins, so clearly you don't know what time your restaurant runs things and you're the server.  Ok breakfast would be over by then so my diet coke friend and myself said never mind.  He then pipes up and says I can still get you one from the bar.  No thanks that whole point is to pick your items for your BM, so I get an iced coffee. We order some popovers that were ok, not great just ok.  So now it's been about 10 mins no iced tea, diet coke or my iced coffee I ask the server about our drinks "oh yay"  I'll bring them right out, AKA I forgot to order them.  Again my friend reminds we they are on their own tab, everyone orders a table of 6, I have to ask another server for a water refill because our waiting just didn't get the empty glasses at the end of the table meaning need more water,  since we still didn't have our other drinks, he comes over and fills the glasses I'm assuming because she told him.  Now it's only 9 something am on a Sunday so not crazy busy I would say.  Great finally get drinks but again he walks away without asking my friend with green iced tea if he would like a refill.  I sorry but your choose to be a server then you need to be better at serving people and be aware of what your tables need.  So of course he had to ask for a refill still no food, about 35 mins later we get our food, great except my friend in the our own tabs didn't get his order and I asked for gravy on the side ( i didn't dare say something with how long it took to get here the first time).  Seriously, it's that hard to write orders down and put into a computer to order????? Especially because the other tables he had were empty at this point.  So he says about 10 more mins for my friends food, so awkward a table of 6 and 1 whole meal is missing, wow.  I assume the manager came over within 2 mins and brought his food apologized and brought him a yogurt parfait for having to wait.  Wow if the server could only take lessons from his manager.  Ok it's now 1015 it took that long to get breakfast in a not overly crowded restaurant.  We get our checks and mine was $18 and change I give a $20 and he smartly says do you want your change, No I said, really at this point you continue to be stupid.  So he brings everyone their cards back and bring me my bill and $1.  Seriously, this guy is  out of control, I said no, yet you bring me just a dollar back, not even the entire change.  Now you get the change and $1 for your tip.  I always feel bad for servers since they live for tips and give at least 20% but I have never experienced such horrible service like this.  Especially from the Fox restaurants.  Makes me  wonder if the other restaurant servers have gone down hill as well.  WON'T BE RETURNING HERE AGAIN!  Would give zero stars if possible.笑
Lots to love...but just as much to be underwhelmed over. 

First off, upon walking in, you'll notice the decor and ambiance is fabulous...in a super hip, friendly manner. Could be an amazing happy hour spot...if they have one. 

The caveat here...you have to find parking first. So if you only have a small lot, why no valet???

The next feature is the menu. At first, I was a bit put off by how boring and minimal it was. The descriptions are horrible so ask the staff (if you can find them. More in that later.) But having gone a few times with groups and tasting from friends meals, I can say that all are good....not amazing, but very good. 

Service both times was lackluster. I've had to flag down staff just to order a meal or to get another drink.笑
We really enjoyed our brunch at The Henry. You will need reservations as the restaurant was full at 10:30am on a Sunday morning. I liked the menu variety and the fresh food offered. Bloody Mary cart is a must!笑
Came here while in PHX for work. Actually are here twice. For drinks: order the Apple Blossom Punch - so good. All of the apps we had were great too, especially the truffle fries and popovers. For dinner? The scallops and sea bass were divine. Make reservations, this place gets packed.笑
I would probably give this place no stars if I could. First of all the waiters do not know the ingredients in the food. Managers don't know ingredients in the food. And then when they get something wrong they blame the customer. I told them no truffle butter in my bolognese. There was truffle butter in it so I told them could you please remake it and The manager said the chefs said there was no truffle and it. Everybody at the table confirmed that there was traffic in the food and the manager all pissy said fine I'll remake it. Tasted horrible on the remake and my fav dish, I will never go back again! Usually love this place but this is the first time they've ever had attitude like this!笑
Great food and atmosphere. Very cute comfortable setting. We had ahi tuna salad and house a salad with house homemade buttermilk dressing. Hand cut fries get an A. Had the house made fruit lemonade with Grey Goose. Excellent flavor and muddled fruit throughout. Would like to visit again for something else on the menu.笑
I have been there twice. The second time was for my 35th wedding anniversary. The food was great but I was not happy where they sat us after I requested something special due to our anniversary. Also, I would not have chosen if I knew the noise level was going to be that high. And one last thing - I know it is in Arcadia but how do so many families afford to take children to a rest of this caliber with a high price point? They have a pisco sour drink which is to die for.笑
What a disappointment!  While the decor and atmosphere were lovely, the service and food left a lot to be desired.  The hostess was unengaged and trailed behind us.  The server, while initially friendly, didn't bring us basics that were requested and seemed to ignore us when he realized we weren't ordering alcohol.  Finally, the food was uninspired and insufficiently cooked.  My chicken was raw.  I didn't complain because at that point we were all so irritated that I didn't want to come across as obnoxious.  I will not be back.笑
Not great. Appetizers are great.  Very boring entrees.  Not good either.  Desserts OK!!笑
Disappointing. We were SO looking forward to a terrific meal here on Easter and came to find that the menu was a shortened version of their regular brunch menu. I would have loved to know this ahead of time - put it on your website or share this bit of news when I make my reservation. The things I was most looking forward to weren't available. Our waiter was a bit off - was he new? If so, I'll excuse it. But we didn't know his name for about three visits. Water wasn't refilled and coffee was horrible. The table was quite tight for six average adults. What'd we have for brunch? The french toast was average... The bagels were toasted nicely but the salmon was WAY too salty... The quinoa tacos were good but where was the guacamole listed on the menu?? ... The bacon was absolute genius - thanks for that... The crab quiche was the best thing on the table, truly... And the eggs and corned beef - good but no mention on the menu that it would be an omelette. Strange. We loved the popovers for appies and the caramel roll was magnificent. Great vibe here and the hot cocoa made with almond milk almost made up for my disappointment... but not quite.笑
We are huge fans of Fox Concepts and had been excited to finally give it a go.  Multiple friends who we share restaurant recommendations with, had raved about The Henry so our expectations were high.  I am disappointed to say it was below average over all. Service was excellent and our appetizers were very good.  We ordered the Warm Kale & roasted garlic dIp as well as heirloom tomato toast, loved both.  

For entrees we ordered olive oIl poached Sea Bass and roasted chicken. The Sea Bass was fishy tasting and over cooked causing it to be rubbery and just bad, we brought it home for the dogs. The chicken was better yet still only average, Grassroots, Roaring Fork and FnB all offer superior roasted chicken. The Garlic potatoes were the highlight of both our meals.  

Dessert was bread pudding, which we normally love, yet again we were disappointed average at best however the cappuccino was awesome. 

Overall below average, and as we drove home we decided not to return. There are far too many excellent options in old town Scottsdale to bother with the Henry.笑
Decided to visit this place as I have wondered and passed this establishment many times. I went here for a late Valentines date dinner and was left wanting more. The ambiance of the restaurant was nice. Surprisingly went here on Friday night and there was no wait or reservation needed only if you wanted to sit on the booths. The food was average, nothing too exciting to rave about considering this place is more geared towards the higher end of the pay scale. I ordered the  braised short rib w/ mashed potatoes and roasted mushrooms, and girlfriend ordered the Korean Style Skirt Steak. The skirt steak was a bit salty possibly overdoing the sauces being put on. Other than that, average dinner with prices exceeding what the food was worth.笑
Was here during happy hour and had the most amazing Brussel sprout Ceasar salad and short rib tacos. 

Great restaurant and ambiance. It's huge and great for large parties. I love the open kitchen in the back and being able to see the chefs work in the kitchen. I love that restaurants are embracing that now. 

Anyway, the food here is great, you won't be disappointed. Especially if you're looking for a fun happy hour spot with GREAT menu items.笑
A popular place for brunch! The Henry was bustling with patrons both outside and inside on this sunny warm Sunday. The patio outside looks to be dog friendly as there were quite a few cute pups lounging with their humans in the shady areas. 

The interior is casual and contemporary, with comfortable seats and nice tables. The menu consists of amped up versions of your standard breakfast favorites such as omelets and pancakes. I went with the Flower Child scramble ($11). The eggs were soft and a good consistency, and the vegetables plentiful and perfectly cooked. One of the vegetables (The asparagus I think) had a deep smoky flavor that was a unexpected but welcome addition to the omelet. The dish was served with some potatoes that were lightly crispy and perfectly seasoned. 

It can get a bit noisy in the restaurant so it's not the best place to go if you want a more intimate quiet setting but for a lively Sunday brunch this is a great choice if you want to dine in the Arcadia area.笑
What a great place -- I can't imagine anyone leaving The Henry disappointed. Everything from the eclectic but spacious ambiance to the inventive dishes -- The Henry is the perfect choice for a quintessential weekend brunch. 

We visited Phoenix from New York and The Henry was our first stop from the airport. Although it was only 10a, since we had been awake for 9 hours, we settled on some of the more lunchtime options: the Short Rib Potstickers, the Roasted Turkey French Dip, and the Brussel Sprouts Caesar Salad with Salmon. 

All dishes were fantastic but the salad was truly original. Chopped brussel sprouts with four different types of lettuce in a perfect Caesar dressing. Every bite had such a beautiful blend of flavor and texture -- it was really amazing. 

I also had a gourmet Bloody Mary, with infused vodka of your choice, bacon, olives, and the freshest herbs you could ask for (they were picked right from the plant!) made table side by a very kind Bloody Mary expert. 

Finally, our server (a very sweet young lady) was very kind and accommodating. Great service all around. 

Hands down, I would recommend The Henry to visitors and locals alike.笑
Homey, charming, comfortable- a perfect place to spend time working, having a meeting or enjoying a delicious meal or celebrating with friends. The coffees are delicious, the food is great and the cocktails are wonderful as well. If you've never been, it's a neighborhood must.笑
My favorite restaurant in Scottsdale west hands-down!  I try to come here whenever in town for business - stay at the Phoenician, it's only a few miles away.
Although the food is fantastic, I come here just as much for the Gin and Tonic No. 8.  Best G&T ever!!  Nolet's Gin, grapefruit peel, grapefruit bitters, tonic.  Wow, amazing!  Still trying to recreate it at home...
I have been here maybe 8 times.  Never had a bad dish.  the short rib is amazing.  The Skuna Bay Salmon is really good - and I'm from Seattle and rarely order salmon outside of the west coast.  Had a new black cod dish tonight with a coconut sauce - delish!  All the sides are good, all the starters are good.  Like I started with - never had a bad or even mediocre dish here.  Service is usually quite good - prompt, knowledgable on food and the drinks, but not overly formal or pushy.  Fun, lively ambiance - kind of upscale business casual.  Love the patio - if it's a little cool they have the heaters on.  If it's hot, they have misters on.  So you can be outside in most temps unless extreme.  Like I said - my go-to place!!笑
I will start off by saying I LOVE Fox restaurants! I've only been here less than 2 years but have been to The Yard, Arrogant Butcher, Culinary Dropout, North several times each and have always had a great experience bar none everytime.
Then I went to The Henry. 
We live only 5 mins away and had twice  tried to stop by for dinner on a weekend with no res. Not possible, unless you want to wait an hour for a table. We have a friend visiting from Canada and she wanted to take us out for a nice dinner as a thank you for the hospitality so I suggested we book a table at Fox's Flagship place, their offices being located upstairs. Booked in for 730pm on Tues night.
Got there at 725pm and our table was waiting for us. Awesome!
But then I tried to say how awesome it was out loud to my wife and our guest, but realized the only way for them to hear me was for me to practically SCREAM! The Henry is LOUD!!! People loud, kitchen loud, music loud, everything loud! And this was a Tuesday!
So there we were kinda half shouting to each other. The server comes over right away. Now I'm not sure how to describe his service but will try. This guy was really animated and talked fast (Also having to kinda yell) and was really friendly, but the whole thing seemed like an act. Everything he said sounded scripted, like the way the daily specials sound but everything was like that. Also it seemed that he was either high on something speedy, or was really in the weeds (frantically busy for you non restaurant peeps) and was trying to put on a friendly demeanor. Our guest  noticed that any questions she had were answered indirectly and long-winded the way politicians will answer stuff. At one point as she tried to order a bottle of wine, he starts going on about "Well why don't I let you look at the wine list for a few more minutes and I will come back... "I'm trying to order the wine now." says our guest. Awkward moment follows for 2 secs. You get the idea.
I had ordered a can of beer, which arrived promptly. The wine however took about 10min to land, so I had to sit there staring at my glass of beer untouched for the duration as anyone with any decorum knows how gauche it is to sip an alcoholic drink before everyone at the table has a drink in front of them to cheers. 
The menu is interesting, though there isn't a whole lot on there. We split the grilled artichokes which were fine. Same as they are at The Yard. Not amazing but hey, there's no reinventing that dish. 
I had the chicken with kale slaw and mac and cheese. Very well presented and all three delicious. My wife and Guest each wanted two pastas, the mushroom tortelli and the bacon parm gemelli. They asked Server Sketchy if the kitchen could simply split both and plate  two different half orders of  pasta on each plate. He says sure thing. The food arrives and the pastas are not split at all. Then when asked why they weren't split, he says" Oh, sure thing be right back!" He comes back with 2 side plates and plops them down. "We'll need some kind of spoon to divy this up." Says my exasperated wife. Off he goes to get a spoon. Then there's the awkward 30 secs of struggling to split the food onto two plates, which totally ruins the foods' presentation. Having a chef do it makes it neat and pretty. Do it yourself makes it look like a dog's breakfast. I should have complained to a manager.
I worked in service for 20 years and the right thing to do was to apologize for the mix up, take the plates back to the kitchen and have a cook split and re-plate the food in an attractive manner the way it was requested. We're not trying to divide up Moons over My Hammy at Denny's!
The pastas did however taste great, though Guest thought the gemelli was too salty. "It's bacon and Parmesan cheese" said I, "Two of the the saltiest foods around which is why they are awesome!" She's a person who never uses salt on anything. My wife thought it was fine.
The last thing that really clinched this as a mediocre Fox experience was that around 945pm our server started sweeping under the tables in his (our) section. I mean I have done endless side-duties in my career in the biz and I understand wanting to get the hell outta Dodge asap after a long shift, but at/around table duties should ALWAYS wait until every customer in that section is gone. Period. We were going to order some dessert, but as we were obviously over-staying our welcome in this guys' section we just asked for the tab. 
All in all, this was my first and last visit to The Henry. Fox has so many other great places that I really enjoy, there is no need for me to bother. I will say though that as this is their head office location, management needs to tighten the screws on how to provide the great service and dining experience we all have come to expect from a Fox restaurant. You have set the bar high. Maintain it.
I will likely ease my disappointment later this afternoon at North's awesome happy hour.笑
Overall, I give the Henry a thumbs up.  It was busy when my family I went for lunch and they did not take reservations but my family and I ended up sitting at a table by the coffee bar and did not have to wait.
  
The coffee at the coffee bar was delicious and a reasonable price, which we ordered while waiting for our food.
  
For an appetizer I suggest to try the Prairie Breeze Cheddar Popover's which come with smoked ham butter & fleur de sel butter; they ended up being exceptional. 

For the entree I ordered the  Mediterranean Chicken salad which was $14
which included cucumber, local tomato,
red onion, kalamata olive,toasted almond & feta cheese.  It was also not a disappointment.

The atmosphere had a young and lively feel with mostly attractive in shape people  dining or ordering coffee.  Our server was not the best but she did her job.  I enjoyed the decor of The Henry; very modern and aesthetic.

I suggest to go to The Henry if you have the money and want to have a good time.笑
The ambience is very very nice.. The menu for me didn't have enough options. So the only thing I had was the grilled and chilled shrimp appetizer. The shrimp were large. The were very grilled (burnt) on some pieces. But still tasty.. Our waiter was just ok, he disappeared for a good portion of the time we were there. All in all I'd like to back to give it another shot!笑
Very impressed overall! Great atmosphere, friendly staff and delicious food (the truffle and parmesan fries are to die for!).

For those of you devout bloody mary connoisseurs out there, The Henry provides a unique and impressive spin on the bloody mary bar. Unlike most bloody mary bars, theirs are prepared tableside. They allow you to select from their 4-5 different house infused vodkas, which include but are not limited to bacon, rosemary & garlic and chile verde. They mix the bloody mary for you, serve it in a generous sized tall glass, and garnish it with an assortment of veggies and a thick slice of Applewood smoked bacon. It was easily one of the best bloodies I've ever tried, if not the best. And all of this for only $10!

I will certainly be back!笑
Very hip, and visually appealing.  The food was great- nothing out of this world, but very good.  The service was excellent, too.  Definitely recommend this place!笑
I met with a group of friends for dinner, and it was the first time any of us had been there. The decor was inviting and I loved the attached coffee bar, patio seating and the open kitchen. The atmosphere was lively and comfortable. We each had some cocktails, a main dish, and an appetizer. Everything we ate tasted fantastic, and I was happy with the food. However, service was very slow. We had to send back our guacamole because one half of the avocado was not ripe enough and was sitting at the bottom as a solid chunk. They did remake it for us. It took over 30 minutes to get 4 cocktails (highly recommend the fig and ginger mule!) because they missed our drink ticket at the bar. Our waitress did give us free dessert (the bread pudding was amazing!) for the troubles, but it took us 3 hours from the time we sat to the time we paid because of how long we had to wait for the various mistakes to be remedied. At the end, when we got our check, our waitress told us she couldn't split our checks individually and we were already there past closing time, so we just put it on one card so we could just leave already. The food and atmosphere were great, but the service left a lot to be desired. It will be awhile before I return.笑
This establishment opened to the public today, I have to tell you the staff must have rehearsed prior to the opening day.  As with many restaurants I've visited on the first day one can tell there were some wrinkles to iron out as far as food and service.  With The Henry was no such things as wrinkles on a cloth..  the food and service went far... far.. beyond my extreme highest expectations.  Allow me to point out a few highlights:

1. The entire staff (greeter, host and wait staff) were very friendly and made the place very welcoming.

2.  The food and service was impeccable.  The food tasted fresh and was of very high quality.  I had the 1/2 chicken and I never had a de-boned chicken before (only bone found was the leg piece - I almost thought I've already eaten the breastbone!). Also finished drinks and plates were promptly removed by literally the next waiter/waitress that passed our table, I doubt not that many wait staff returned to the kitchen with empty hands!

3.  The establishment also has a coffee bar section with ample seating to break out the laptop and surf the web with their blazing fast wi-fi (I performed a speed test and clocked the wi-fi download speed at 10+Mbps !!).  I noticed there were like 3 other meeting rooms with TVs next to the coffee bar area and not certain if they are open for general seating during non-booked times (as I found more plug ins in there for laptops than in the main area). I look forward to chilling out in the coffee bar area after work in the near future.

As with any of the foxrc establishments I've visited I've always experienced food and service to be far superior than other restaurants I've reviewed in the past.  Keep up the good work foxrc! 

As for the person who gave this place one star, I would imagine you will rate The Henry 5 stars upon your first visit! :-)笑
This is probably one of my favorite spots to kick it at. This place hits all three aspects. You can go on date here , get work done in the coffee/lounge area and you can also do your occasional brunch here. 

Great place to people watch and even network as well. You'll get the occasional cougar with a healthy and hearty appetite.笑
great healthy oriented food in a nice atmosphere. the salads are large and almost a meal in themselves. I had the brussels sprout caesar, excellent. also tried the scallops which came in very flavorful sauce.笑
Our daughter treated her Mom to a dinner here for Mother's Day, and let my son and I tag along. She treated us as well, as it turned out. She loves this place, and I love trying new places, so we were all excited about the dinner. 
Service was sharp, drink orders arrived promptly followed by the smoked salmon appetizer. Very good. Entrées included burgers, blackened chicken, and a pasta dish with Brussel sprouts and a cream sauce. We all enjoyed the dishes. Too full for dessert and had a place to be so we didn't linger long. A great place for a casual dinner or a special occasion, we'll be back. 
The only down side is that I was not wowed by the menu. I found something I enjoyed, so was happy. But I love the places that I have such a hard time ordering because everything looks good, and that wasn't the case for me here.笑
My husband and I had heard good things about this place, but overall, left disappointed. 

ATMOSPHERE: We had a reservation on a busy Sat. night and were seated right away. Nice. The vibe here is trendy, relaxed, and NOISY. Cool, but almost impossible to have a dinner conversation...maybe the patio would have been better. Nothing wrong with the noise if that's the vibe you're looking for. Maybe just not for a date night away from the kids, where we actually wanted to talk. =)

On to the SERVICE. This was disappointing. We had an emotionless server, whom we rarely saw. When we had a problem with our food the manager should have handled it differently, but chose not to. A better people experience could have left me writing a different review and willing to give this place another shot. 

FOOD: We had the brussel sprout caesar salad to start. Not sure if someone accidentally threw the brussel stems in the salad instead of the trash, but that's what we were served. Chewy brussel sprout stems, mixed with radicchio and a few sprigs of romaine. 

Next we had the smoked salmon appetizer. This was spot on. Delicious. The potato hash underneath was just the right amount of crispy and salty to go perfectly with the smoked salmon. 

I had the blackened Cod entree. YUM. The sauce was so creamy and delicate, and worked nicely with the flakey cod. The "blackened" top was so good! I had asked the server for a glass of wine with dinner. The wine came just as I was finished eating (and I am a slow eater). 

The big miss was my husbands $47 New York Steak, ordered medium rare. It came out well done. We rarely send food back, but for $47, this steak better have been cooked to perfection - not hard to do. If we'd been at Outback (which we wouldn't be), cool. Let it go. But we expected more. He sent it back and we waited a good 15 plus minutes. I was long done with my dinner, plate cleared already, before they even brought his back out. We got a half-assed apology from whom we think was the manager. That's it. Wasn't expecting a free meal or anything, but something....even legit customer service would have left us feeling ok about the entire night. 

There are so many other places out there to try....don't think we'll be back here again. My tip to the manager is - if your back of the house can't deliver killer food, then the front of the house needs to make up for it. Neither happened here.笑
This was our first visit to the Henry and we will definitely be back. Reservations recommended. We arrived at 8:45 for our 9pm reservation and it was still packed. The atmosphere is great though to sit and chat and have a cocktail, which we did. We had their "figgy mule" an it was delicious!

When we were seated the staff was courteous and we were greeted promptly by our server. He had a great personality and was super helpful with menu Recommendations. We started with the popovers with ham butter.  These were absolutely delicious. The only strange thing about this was when we got the bill. I'm assuming the order only comes with three popovers but we are a party if four so they charged extra for the single popover. Not a big deal but it would be nice if it was mentioned on the menu.

For out entrees I ordered the Gemmeli with Black Truffles and my husband ordered the Branzino. The Gemmeli was incredible!  The house made bacon delicious. My husbands Branzino though, not the greatest. Which was sad because it came highly recommended by the server an it was on the higher price point on the menu. The greens and mushrooms were phenomenal but I feel the fish wasn't cooked the way I'm used too. Most sea bass I've had melts in my mouth. This not so much. 

We did end the night on a high note with the croissant bread pudding. Absolutely amazing!!  I would go back for the bread pudding and coffee alone. 

Overall, a great experience and we will definitely head back!笑
I have not been to a FRC yet that I have not loved! Since I used to live in this area, this is where I often come back to for trendy dining and watering hole options. I had been wanting to try The Henry for some time now and a girls night last week lead us here, finally! 
Apparently we entered into the less crowded area right of the coffee bar thinking we were sneaky in beating the crowded door. Ha! After being by passed by the wait staff a few times, one of us got up and went to the bar to see why. Well, duh. We were in the coffee area! Silly girls. We moved to the crowded area and started our wait like everyone else when some sharply dressed guys took pity on us and offered up their high table. Nice! We were quickly greeted by a friendly waitress who cleaned and dried the table. A plus, because anyone who is a frequent diner knows this doesn't always happen and you end up that way! This waitress was informative, spot on with her service, sweet and attentive. 
We started out with the Vodka and Pulp from the intriguing cocktail menu that features fresh cocktails and even a handful of soda and juice mixology's that are sans alcohol. Perfect for the one third of us that is starting her family. For the other two thirds of us: The Vodka and Pulp was a refreshing mix of Ketel One vodka muddled with a citrus orange press and topped with club soda served up so nicely in a tall glass. Perfect on a hot desert day! The Red Stiletto was as pretty as it sounded. Belvedere vodka mixed with grenadine and cherry bitters in a old fashioned champagne glass. 
We moved on to our starter of the Wood Grilled Artichoke. The artichoke is grilled to perfection to the middle of the tender heart and served with a perfect truffle alioli. It could easily be shared or as a meal for one. My friends ordered the Short Rib Potstickers with ponzu and sesame. There were four of them and they raved over how good they were. Our main meal consisted of us all ordered the Roasted Turkey French Dip. I had the kale salad as side and again, that was a hit. I even took half the sandwich home for the next days lunch. 
The wifi was fast and had a strong signal the entire time we were there. That is a plus, as no one can be far from their smart phones or emails these days. 
I would loved if The Henry had valet parking because it was seriously hard to find parking on a busy Thursday night. Again, a first world problem! That is not enough to deter me from coming back to The Henry and trying out the coffee bar and more of the innovative menu. I loved the vibrant decor and the atmosphere, just as much as I love all the other FRC places in the valley!笑
Very, very good.

Not as good as the owners would like you to think, or the ladies of leisure having lunch would want you to believe, but pretty darn good.

Lots of people watching, but if bad plastic surgery horrifies you....I would suggest steering clear.笑
Had a fantastic brunch with my girl friends. We were being very indecisive and probably not the best guests but our server Maddy was amazing. Looking forward to coming back soon!笑
Yep. Ham butter. HAM BUTTER. Are you serious? Ham butter! This p,ace is beautifully decorated, nicely appointed and the food rocks. Our server was attentive, accommodating and quick. Excellent cold-brewed Americano and grapefruit mimosa. Easy parking. Deliiiiicious. We will definitely be back- order the popovers. They will not make you sad.笑
Great place, went for a dinner but end up with few 
Appetizers that were great.
First of all the place has a great atmosphere and good music.
The whisky sour was very good. We had the kale salad and the Brussels sprouts salad top.
As appetizer we had the asparagus& egg,the Brie toast and the Parmesan French fries Delicious.