They have pretty good pizza but I really come here for the wings (extra crispy) They are very affordable.Ǿ
We have ordered sandwiches from this place before , and they were real good. Tonite ordered a large Italian sausage and thin sliced meatball pizza on a thin crust. That was the BEST f----n pizza Ive ever eaten, period.Ǿ
Very nice people  good food at a good price   helpful and accommodating  Happy customersǾ
Conveniently located, good food good prices friendly staff what more could one ask forǾ
My favorite pizza parlor. Pizza here is amazing. Ask them to leave your pie in the oven so that it comes out crispy. The wings are my favorite and affordable. Ray's has been in the valley for years and it shows. Highly recommend.Ǿ
worst pizza i every had! salad was ice berg 2 slices of onion and 3 slices of tomato and olives, maybe a dollar of cost to them and charge four. had to stop at Wendy's to eat after spending 20 dollars for bad food!Ǿ
Terrible pizza! We ordered the monster pizza and it was literally a preheated pepperoni and cheese with all of the works added afterward and reheated. Very disappointed!!!!!Ǿ
I LOVE Rays !!!

When ever I'm in Phx this is my first stop. I always get the pizza and wing special. Large pizza and 20 wings.

They have the best wings in valley !!!Ǿ
lasagna to die for.

inexpensive, fast and no frills.  get this stuff to go and enjoy it at home.  we crave it.  
 
Monster Pie pizza...nothing better out there!

Staff could be a bit more friendly (the girls at the register) but ...we over look it cuz the food is good.Ǿ
Monster Sicilian pizza and 40 wings every time. so good!Ǿ
Some of the fellas (and one lady) from work tapped me on the shoulder and said that they were headed here for lunch.  I drove over there to meet them and to try out some pizza.  They have a great deal M-F for lunch.... 2 slices cheese and a drink for only $4.10!   Can't beat that!  The pizza was good...crisped up in the oven nice.  The cheese looked a tad greasy but it was not...no puddles to be found anywhere.  The sauce was just alright but the crust made up for it.  Really good crust! The slices were really big too!  Score!   Service was to the point, not friendly, not rude but you could tell that they were appreciative for your business.  It's only a mile or so from work so I'm sure I will be back for that killer lunch special.  Everyone else seemed to enjoy their food too!Ǿ
Rays a locally owned family operated place that has been there since I can remember. I however am not a huge fan of this style pizza. That being said I still gave a 4 star review. 

Ordered a large pie with pep and a order of wings. The pie was hand made fresh as can be, with a ton of cheese and pep. The wings were large and meaty with a great flavor. They came with a free 2 liter.. who doesn't love free. 

The pizza was good, the crust was great. I wish the sauce had a flavor other then a hint of tomato, but that is my issue with Ny Pizza. Again the crust was great. I wish they had better ranch IE not Buttermilk. 

I had the left overs just last night and it was still pretty good.Ǿ
I think this was one of my worst experiences in an eatery so far. I went to Ray's pizza after reading the reviews on this website. I was planning on having a pizza party and wanted to impress everybody. I went there a few days before to sample the pizza beforehand, and I am glad I did it.  Once you get there, there are multiple boards and handwritten signs where prices are displayed making it very confusing for the customers. We couldn't figure out what we wanted and how much was going to cost us. The bitter old lady at the counter did not even greet us, and gave us attitude. She finally showed us a printed menu, which had updated handwritten prices all over it. I kept saying to myself, they make very good pizza so anything we order is going to be fantastic. We decided on veggie pizza and white pizza, and then she said they don't sell white pizza by the slice and I changed it to mushrooms and ham. The printed menu said a slice of pizza was $2.50 but our total was going to be over $8.00. So we said, "Wait a minute". Then she explained that the base is a slice of cheese pizza that they charge $2.50 for, and then any extra toppings are $0.50 each. I looked at the menu and showed her: "pizza slice" is $2.50 , not "cheese pizza slice". And she didn't care. We both ordered a slice of pizza with a couple of toppings each, and we waited patiently at the table. Anyone who has children knows how difficult it is to control little ones in a restaurant. My 18 months son started to play with the salt & pepper shaker and napkins holder, and I was glad he was at least sitting at the table, and I did not have to run around after him. Well, surprise, surprise!! The bitter old lady came to our table and grabbed the shakers and the napkins holder from him and moved them on a different one. How rude is that? I mean, have you ever seen such bad customer service anywhere? Just plain rude! Later we got called at the counter to get our pizzas. The slices were very big, and they were placed on two single-use foam plates. My pizza looked like a pile of ham and mushrooms, on a top of a cheese pizza. They literally stick to the menu; you could see the base, tomatoes and then the grilled cheese under the toppings. Ham slices were covering the cheese pizza, on top of the ham there were huge slices of canned mushrooms, and not a bit of cheese on top of it. My pizza base was a little warm; the toppings were almost cold, without any sign that they were placed in the oven. My husband had a Mediterranean (or veggie) slice and it was just a pile of raw vegetables, with a sprinkle of cheese. I mean, they were all raw: onions, peppers, olives, tomatoes. I tasted it and the veggie one tasted better than my pizza. I could not finish mine because it did not taste like pizza at all, and the taste of cheap ham and canned mushrooms was just horrible. We left the place very disappointed by the customer service and especially by the food. I am glad we sampled before embarrassing me at a pizza party. Don't go to Ray's Pizza because they overcharge and whatever they serve is not called pizza. Bad food and bad customer service doesn't have room in the restaurant business.Ǿ
I've been told that this is a family owned shop that has been around for years so I was very excited to try this spot for a quick bite to eat. We went on a Saturday afternoon before the dinner rush hit. The woman who took the order was efficient and quick. Two huge slices of pepperoni pizza and a soda cost about $8. I really enjoyed the pizza. It was big, greasy, and the right temperature. The restaurant also had a quiet, peaceful, and laid back feeling which I am always in search of when dining out. I do plan on making this a regular stop when I am on this side of town again.Ǿ
Consistent pretty decent pizza, wings and calzones.  One of the few places to still just grav a slice ....Nothing fancy but does the trick and it's priced right ....if you are one of the few that has never been it's worth a try !!Ǿ
First off the lady on the phone mumbles, ended up spending $9 more dollars because of miscommunication. It's impersonal, she gives you a number to remember. 
Then, hoping my nine extra dollars goes far with the taste, and...no sauce, sour taste, and left me feeling crappy and shameful that my life has resulted in stuffing this cheese on bread triangle in my mouth. 
As if that wasn't enough, crust was good, that's why the unfortunate matter of receiving an extra star had to take place. Dang integrity.Ǿ
SOOOOOO miss our Ray's Pizza.  Ray's Pizza don't you want to open up a pizza place in Oregon?  You will make a killing here!  http://www.salvagesisterandmister.com/pizzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzza/Ǿ
Love this place love this place love this place!!
This is my favorite AZ pizza place as close to NY as I've found here.  We eat here couple times a month and their pizza is fantastic and affordable!!  Staff is extremely pleasant as well!Ǿ
We live around the corner and come here for pizza and beer couple times a month. this one is a little family owned one with the same people always working which is nice. The pizza is always delicious, fresh, and crispy! The booths and chairs are outdated but other than that it's cute on the inside.Ǿ
Strange that my husband I have never been here when it is so close to our home. But finally we did last weekend. I have never had a pizza with so much toppings. We ordered a pepperoni with mushrooms. Sooo good. and we had a draft beer while waiting. I have never had a colder mug or colder beer. We will definitely be back.Ǿ
Two slices of cheese and medium soda for 4.28 including tax. Can't be beat! Delish!

Lunch special.2 slices and free medium soda for 4.28. This place is so yummy.Ǿ
Love there pizza, always good always fresh! This location is well maintained and the employees are very nice. Never disappointed.Ǿ
Typically great wings.  Just ordered crispy, came out gross and fatty, undercooked.  Customer service terrible, I told and showed cashier who did not fix order and responded poorly.  Sadly as a regular customer, I will not be eating at this location anymore and would recommend that you not eat here either.Ǿ
The Monster Pie is the best and the cold mugs for the beer cinches the deal!Ǿ
My coworkers and I have been going to this Ray's for over two years now.  The food is always great, wings are crispy and awesome.  I really like the pizza, the dough is chewy, crust is crispy, and toppings are really fresh/tastey.  We go there so many times the lady behind the counter (she's always there) already knows what we're gonna order as we walk through the door.  The only reason I haven't given it 5 stars is that the place can get really "mucky" feeling in the summer time, kinda like they're using a swamp cooler, makes it a little uncomfortable while dining in.  But none the less, we keep going back because of the food, service and location.Ǿ
DON'T BOTHER: The experience at this "restaurant" was so atrocious it made me want to quit trying new things. Front staff possess ZERO people skills, bathrooms look like they should be in GITMO, and that's all BEFORE you sit for a slice. Your money is better spent elsewhere.Ǿ
Been going to Rays for years. 
Great pizza, subs, calzones and wings.
Only thing I do not like is they do not deliver.Ǿ
Pizza is very greasy, which can be a good or a bad thing based on your preferences.  I asked if they delivered and apparently they don't, so I'm not sure how they stay in business.  The building is a bit of a dump.  The pizza was decent New York style pizza though.Ǿ
The crust on the pizza I didn't like also I ordered the tyraki wings and BBQ. Which tasted burnt.Ǿ
OMG this is my new favorite place to pick up dinner to go.
The dinners, pizza and sub's are amazing.
Great customer service. Everyone is friendly. As soon as I walk in the door I get this feeling of happiness and start smiling. I love that the counter employees say Hi with a big smile, then you hear a Hi for the guys cooking. Go check it out and ENJOY!Ǿ
My wife, our grandson Michael, our friend Kathy R. and I went here lunch a while ago and I forgot to submit a review so this is long overdue. 

I'm from Rhode Island-born and raised--and have had pizzas from authentic Italian mom and pop pizza joints so admittedly, I am hard to please when it comes to Italian food. 

This pizza is good: perfectly greasy, cheesy, chewy,  gorgeous, flavorful and is always piping hot, very fresh, and the cheese and sauce are excellent quality. While Ray's isn't the best pizza I ever had it was to my likings. I do appreciate a good pizza. 

Some people may think  "pizza is pizza," but you'd be wrong. It is hard to find a real good pizza in Arizona especially because I was raised back east and have had some great pizza.

One of the more expensive pizza restaurants in town. In addition they don't have delivery.  It's good pizza! But not mind-blowing. The crust is actually super fantastic.

FOOD:  It wasn't the best pizza I have ever had in Arizona but it's right up there in the mix. The pizza was a typical New York style pizza, nothing special although the pizza is always piping hot, very fresh, and the cheese and sauce are excellent quality. CONCLUSION: I didn't think it was anything special as far as taste / flavor goes. The ingredients of the pizza tasted fresh and I believe it was of high quality. Good pizza, but not as good as some. Their pizza is between OK and I'm-a-fan-
 RETURN FACTOR: 100%]

************************* What does my OVERALL rating mean?*************************

5 stars -Highly recommended.  I would be willing to drive out of my way to this business. It is that good. This place represents their industry or cuisine very well! 
4 stars - Highly Recommended. I would frequent this business. 
3 stars - Not that good but not that bad. Just average. I wouldn't mind going again. 
2 stars - I would not recommend this establishment to friends or family. 
1 stars - DO YOURSELF A FAVOR AND DO NOT patronize this business. I would RUN AWAY from this place and you should too! DON'T WAST YOUR HARD EARNED MONEY AT THIS ESTABLISHMENTǾ
Talk about horrible customer service. Their pizza was horrible and drenched in grease. It took 10 paper towels to get some off it off. They have horrible attitudes  towards customers, and talk down to each one when customers don't enjoy their food. I've worked in 5 star restaurants and would've gotten fired on the spot if I treated a customer like they treated me.  Beware! This place is the worst place I've ever been too. I would take Peter Piper Pizza over this crap.Ǿ
We thought we'd try Ray's Pizza as they were one of the closest places to where we're staying and the pictures posted of their NY thin crust pizza looked amazing. And the pizza WAS amazing! Toppings were plentiful and big (particularly notable was the ham, mushrooms, and anchovies... mmmmm!)

Then there was the wings. Another win! "Mild" was more of a medium Buffalo which was perfect for me but just a little hot for the DW. The price while reasonable seemed a little bit higher than a nearby competitor, but the meal was better. We WILL be back and will be looking forward to trying some other items that we fully expect will be just as good.Ǿ
I do not know how the food is as I have yet to taste it. I Google'd Ray's pizza as there is one at 35th Ave and Union Hills. I clicked on that one at 35th and Union Hills, and then clicked on the website. I then looked at the menu, made my order. Then I paid by credit card. I went to the Ray's I thought I was ordering from. I was told that they do not do the on-line ordering and that my order was at 59th and Greenway, 5 miles away. The woman had a sneer at that Ray's as if this happens all the time. She did not even seem to care, what customer service! I then drove to the other one, already upset. When I got there, they did not have my order, I was told this happens with the on-line ordering. The owner was nice at this one, but if there is a problem with the ordering system, why do you keep using it? I then canceled my order and he said no problem, but was wondering why the other Ray's did not call him and he would have canceled it and they could have made the food there. What a FUBAR! I did not get to try the food, and with how this was handled, will probably not ever go back!Ǿ
Always treated like family. Enjoy the single slices and delicious pizza . I am a regular, that can't get enough Ray's pizza.Ǿ
Like the food. Subs are great but wish the people behind the register and making the food would have better customer service. For being there as long as they have they should know the regulars names. A smile works wonders.Ǿ
I dropped in for lunch today.  I ordered a small salad and 12 wings which were both good.  The wings were good, hot, and cooked perfectly---I just wish they offered 6 wings instead of 12.  My salad looked fresh (sliced tomato, sliced white onion, green and black olives) but they did not have blue cheese dressing AT ALL.  I did not have the pizza---the reviews about the grease was disturbing and I know I cannot handle a bunch of grease.   Dining area was clean, it looked clean behind the counter, customer service was good and food was fresh --- keep in mind that I came around 1p-ish on a Wednesday so they were able to take their time with perfecting my order.Ǿ
If you could give no stars I would...reheated cheese pizza which came out burnt greasy and flat...served on two paper plates hello what a waste and way to fill our land fills... Styrofoam cups for eating in yuck.. Coke drinker not a Pepsi supporter... Reuses seasoning jars for parmigiano cheese... Personal talk between employees could be heard not work related topics... All about personal lives on what you should do and not do...