What's not to love about Uncle Bears?

First, the atmosphere:  Bar with peanut shells on the floor, plenty of bar, booth or table seating, and a decent sized patio.  TVs cover your sporting or random television needs - we watched the '08 election returns there.  Then the dog pictures - I keep meaning to add my dog to the collection.  If you bring in framed photo (get the size first, I can't remember) of your dog, they will hang it.  You can even bring your pup to the patio, and the staff will bring them water.

Food and drinks:  Everything I have had here has been great.  The only thing that has ever been less than perfect was some beer tasted a little off right after they changed the keg.  We mentioned it to our server, and our drinks were replaced right away.  The food is fantastic, from the burgers to the chicken strips, and don't forget about the cheese fries!  

I love this specific Uncle Bears because they are about 4 blocks from my house, which means I can easily walk home if I'm a little tipsy.  They also do karaoke, and this one has a decent turnout of good singers.  All and all, this is a great neighborhood bar.笑
This place is very cool and laid back.  Apparently Unlce Bear was someone's dog b/c there are dog pics plastered all over this place.  If you are a dog or even a pet lover in general you would appreciate the decor/vibe of this grill/bar.  It is literally a "throw your peanut shells on the floor" joint (they come served in a dog dish) with very cold beer on tap and an eclectic mix of people that dine here.  The Gilbert location is a bit more conservative versus the East Mesa spot.  People in Gilbert seem to think it's ok to bring their small children to bars! 

I am a huge fan of the BBQ chicken quesadilla (or you can get it served as a pizza).  I really haven't tried much else on the menu b/c I can't seem to stray from my BBQ chicken; It is yummy and when I lived in the east Valley I would dine there about once a week.笑
I went to lunch with my buddy, Rob M., to a place called Uncle Bear's Bar and Grill. It was actually pretty cool! I was surprised because it is in one of the more LAME areas near my house. Namely "Warner and Cooper".

When we entered however, it was anything BUT lame. Dog bowls on all the tables filled with mutant peanuts. Granted, it was lunch, but there really wasn't more than 3 other groups there. This led me to believe the food/service was bad. Not at all! This place rocked!

We shared some nachos in a heterosexual kinda way, and shared manly stories about football before shoving off. By the way, Rob, you owe me $15.00!!!