The service here is terrible and the food is mediocre.  I had to ask the girl who sat us for 2 high chairs, for my 2(clearly to little for regular chairs) kids twice, and she still only ended up bringing one. I held my daughter until the server brought a second high chair.  At these types of placed I usually go for a burger or a sandwich, this time I ordered a steak, which was a mistake. It was cooked to the correct pinkness yet somehow very very dry.  With all the other option in this area I think I will be choosing something else from now on.Ǿ
This is the second time I've gotten curb side Togo and it's the last. They not only have messed up and forgot things in my order they also didn't give us napkins or silver wear? I repeated on the phone at least five times that I wanted a some thing on the side and they completely forgot it. Never again Applebee'sǾ
Allan was an excellent barserver! Funny, knowledgeable,and friendly, he definitely made it a great visit. Our lunches came out hot and as expected. We will be back!Ǿ
We Love the Applebees. So when we were in the area, went here, and had a really graat time and great food. Every time we dine in, we are treated with fast friendly service!  We recommend Applebees to anyone looking for a really good meal for an affordable price in a friendly atmosphere!Ǿ
I recently had a bad experience here.  One of the servers had an attitude problem, and she was very unprofessional and unattentive.  Which is a shame, because I had been a customer there for years, and I loved going there to be served by the likes of Ian (great server).  I'll lay low for a while.Ǿ
I was there a couple days ago. i have to say, the service was just like the food, horrible. My boneless wings were no where near cooked, and my steak was very dry. i will not be going back ever again.Ǿ
I used the curbside togo last night, and I must admit, I was impressed. My wait time was very minimal; the order was correct; everything was hot and fresh; and the server I dealt with, Antonio, I believe, was phenomenal! This help make up for a previous bad experience that I had there.Ǿ
Horrible disgusting food.. Old meat and Hair in my food ... Ew don't go to this apple bees. Not clean and they are sloppy with the orders . Poor example of how apple bees should beǾ
This one of my favorite places to go in High School (also one of the only places). Definitely one of my favs and brings back memories. The server, Brook, is awesome. He's super friendly and has always been so welcomingǾ
I indulge in an Applebee's signature dish from time to time. Here and there. Now and again. I love their autumnal classics like their french fries and their ranch dressing.  They pour a mean glass of skim milk and if you ask they'll even make it cold for you. Just like mom used to make! Anyways, long story short, love applebees. Love car side to go. Love appz. Love zerts. Love the hometown feel.  Love how even when they're closed on a Friday night they'll still let the football team in after a big game.  Love it.Ǿ
Alex the server did a good job taking our orders, keeping drinks filled and our orders were correct. My daughter enjoyed the steak quesadilla. The Southwestern Steak Salad tasted fine, the steak was cooked perfectly and the chimichurri was tasty. Everything came out on time, service was perfect.

But.

The salad was undersized. The four pieces of steak looked forlorn. There was no lime. There were empty spaces on a plate that should have been covered with salad. Compare the two posted photos; this is the equivalent of the photo of the fast-food burger vs what emerges from the foil and paper bag. Except this cost 4 times as much and had possibly less actual beef. 

Everything else was as good as an American casual chain restaurant can be. But this salad was frankly baffling.Ǿ
Hate on me all you want for patronizing a chain restaurant, but sometimes a girl just needs a quick dessert fix and Applebee's Butter Pecan Blondie does not disappoint! Ugh that stuff is sooooo good! 

For $5.49 you get a warm blond brownie with glazed pecans, vanilla ice cream, and this like maple glaze sauce to drizzle all over it. Mmm! Usually I take pictures, but there was no time, this dessert needed to be eaten stat!

The five stars is only for the Butter Pecan Blondie, I can't speak on the other food they serve.Ǿ
Server just seemed out of it. Wasn't very attentive or personable. Food took a really long time to come out and our section was not very busy. Dinner portions and sides were very small and not very appealing looking. Everything tasted really mediocre. Steamed broccoli was overdone and wilty.