They do make a good burger and have a good selection of toppings. Taste of the food I would say is good.  Expensive, though. But my biggest beef with the place is that it is dirty. I couldn't find a clean table to sit at, and only one table in the whole place had a customer at it. And don't look up. The lights over the cash register have foot-long cobwebs hanging from them. The light fixture over the toppings has a thick layer of dirty dust on it. How much of that ends up in the food? The ductwork over the soft drinks is covered in dust too. Come on, South St Burger, hire a cleaner!Ǿ
Welcome to South Street Burger, home of the best and brightest toppings any burger lover could ask for. If you love trying new flavors and dressings that burger like never before I recommend going down to South St. and ordering yourself a beautiful veggie burger and load it till it doesn't fit in your mouth. Then when you have finished reminiscing in the best burger experience of your known existence, schedule next weeks burger day!!

lots of love for South St. Burger Co.Ǿ
One of the best burger places around.  The selection of sauces and cheeses make the difference.

Very nice owner gave the girls complimentary ice cream! Thanks!Ǿ
Good burgers although a little pricey and they can be a bit stingy with the toppings unless you watch and say something, or at least the girl who made mine was.  Really good onion rings too.Ǿ
Bring cleaning supplies if you are going to eat in. Food is good, like any other South St. However the cleanliness is lacking. I wiped the crumbs off the cleanest looking table and its chairs. The table top was still a bit sticky. Next time I'll bring some water and vinegar solution. :-/Ǿ
I do believe, the secret to having an exceptional burger at South St. Burger Co., lies in the toppings you select.

This location just recently opened in Pickering and since the received a coupon for a free small poutine, we figured we'd give them a shot.

We ordered two cheeseburgers and a drink and our bill came to just over $16.00. They're a little on the pricey side but, speaking strictly from my burger experience, worth the money.

The selection of toppings can be a little overwhelming and although the girl at the cash was really friendly, the girl preparing my burger had zero personality and little patience for my indecisiveness, leaving me feeling like I was ordering soup in an all too familiar episode of Seinfeld. I promised I would come more prepared next time.

The toppings I selected for my burger were: Dijon Horseradish, Chipotle BBQ Sauce, Red Onions, Pickles and Goat Cheese.

I do have to say, the texture of the goat cheese was incredibly smooth and creamy and the combination of the dijon horseradish and the chipotle bbq sauce was absolutely heavenly!

I was thoroughly enjoying my burger however, my husband was having a 'meh, I've had better' moment and, upon tasting his burger with his selection of toppings, I would have to agree with him. I didn't really find anything outstanding about the beef patty itself... or the bread. It's all about the selection of toppings and the difference between his burger and mine was like night and day.

We selected the veggie poutine which consisted of New York Fries smothered in cheese sauce and sour cream and then topped with diced tomatoes and green onions. This too was heavenly and the cheese was a nice change from the typical gravy.

Overall, I thoroughly enjoyed my meal and would definitely come back again for more of that dijon horseradish!!! Delish!Ǿ
We went back for a second time to this place for a burger and a chat.  Generally this South Street is not so busy and they don't play their music too loud.  

So the wife orders the True North (cheddar, bacon and onions) and I ordered the Swiss melt.  Both on white buns and 6 oz burgers. 

The service was fast for on the grill burgers. The pop, either in the bottle or from the fountain, is very pricey.  

Our meal was for dine in.  The first thing I noted. They salt all French fry orders even their poutine.  The guy in front of me had seen how much salt the server had put on the previous order and asked for no salt. He said the gravy made the fries salty enough.  Our fries were also pretty salty. 

The second thing is the burgers when wrapped are very greasy when you unwrap them. Granted they are fresh burgers but on their buns it makes it messy.  Plus a burger with all that grease does not look appetizing.  

The third thing was our 6 oz burgers.  Both had a spot where the meat was pink and not cooked.  I took both back for a reheat.  

The fourth thing was with a set burger they over do it on the condiments.  The wife practically 1/2 an onion on her burger and I had a ton of mushrooms on my Swiss.  The mushrooms were kinda tasteless.  But the wife scrapped off her onions.  

Based on all that, we won't be coming back.  Big Boy Burgers is close by and makes a superior burger for a lot less money. 


Plus they offer onion rings.  South Street has ads on the wall about their rings but they are not on the menu.  Plus New York Fries are good for those who like the skin on their fries - just hold the salt.