Papa Murphy's got it right in every category! I cant think of a better pizza to pick up and take home! The pizza is delicious and best of all, you can design your pizza any way you want to meet the tastes of your family. I love all the fresh vegetables! My favorite pizza is black olives and mushrooms pizza on thin crust. The service is friendly, professional and quick. You are always greeted with a huge smile when you walk in the door.  Thanks for opening up a Papa Murphy's in Charlotte! My family loves it!Ǿ
This is a subway build your own pizza take-n-bake.  It's a great concept for those that love to make their own pizza without the mess.  Don't be swayed from the reviews and try it for yourself as I am a fan.Ǿ
Came here at the spur of the moment. I had a coupon for a free fav pizza with the purchase of any large or XL pizza. A fav pizza is a pre-made cheese, pepperoni or sausage pizza. We decided to get the pepperoni. We also got a large pizza half beef and half ham. For both pizzas it was $10 plus tax and they take the Ballantyne corporate card so after that it was about $8 and some change. I couldn't believe how cheap it was! 

Instructions are easy to do. Pizza are a good size. Their traditional tomato sauce is really good. Both pizzas had a good amount of toppings on it. Pizzas came out great. Cheese was melted and crust was slightly brown. Pizza was fluffy which I liked. 

The customer service was top notch. The guy there was super friendly and helpful. When he made our pizzas, he walked around the counter to hand me the pizzas and opened the door for me. Great customer service!Ǿ
For a take and bake it is good. Problem is, I wouldn't rate it any better than a pie from Papa Johns or Dominos. And it's actually more money. Why would I pay more to cook my own pizza when a carry out special at a chain is cheaper? I don't see this company lasting long. Good concept but hard to compete with the chains cooking it for you.Ǿ
We have been frequenting Papa Murphy's for about 6 months now. To me, this beats most of those "delivery joints" hands down. Think of it as a sandwich shop for Pizza: they have per-configured pies that are made fresh to order, or you can create your own with your favorite ingredients. Either way, it is put together right in front of you. Take it home, remove plastic wrap, pop it in the oven and enjoy! It even comes with its own tray so you don't have to bake directly on the oven rack. 

We always find the toppings to be fresh, and more than abundant. Our favorite is the Chicken Bacon Artichoke (we sub out olives for the bacon) , and a large feeds the 2 of us, plus yields leftovers. For 10 bucks, you can't beat this. 

Coupons are readily available in the weekly flyers, and are also on their website. They also have a rewards program. 

We find the management/employees at this location to be very polite and provide excellent service. You can do call ahead, but we have never found it busy at this location.Ǿ
Seriously...you cannot beat the $10 Tuesdays!  Large pizzas packed with delicious ingredients!  The other night we paid just a tad bit more and got the Garden Veggie + chicken + jalapenos + bacon.  Awesome.  I do like cooking my own pizza.  Delivered is often just warm  once it arrives.  And I really do think Papa Murphy's are generally more generous with the amount of toppings than the larger standard pizza places: Domino's, Pizza Hut, Papa John's.  Frequent coupons often makes it an even better value.Ǿ
My wife just left there after being treated disrespectfully by "DC".  She ordered a $5 fav pepperoni pizza and upon arrival home noticed that it was just cheese.  There is no reason for his attitude and inability to follow instructions.  Poor, poor customer service.  It is not our fault that "DC" chose to work at Papa Murphy's and hates his existence - don't take it out on us.  This will not suffice - I want a manager to respond and to either retrain "DC" or even fire him.  I'll bet "DC" is at the front of the line looking to earn $15 an hour too.  Comedy, pure comedy.Ǿ
I love Papa Murphy's and have been there a number of times in the past however it has been hit and miss until tonight. Zack is the best addition to this business and whoever hired him needs to be thanked. He's nice, personable, happy, and makes you feel like he's listening to what you need. I can't say enough about this experience and next time you stop by Papa Murphy's say hello, and thank you, to Zack!Ǿ
You'll will be mad at yourself if you don't try Papa Murphy's. It is a Take-N-Bake pizza VERY resaonably priced pizza.  Cooked at home so it is nice and fresh, both thin crust and regular crust are excellent. To me the pizza looks health but it was more fun for me putting my fresh toppings at home.Ǿ
No better than frozen pizza. I kinda wonder if theirs dough actually comes to them frozen before they "make" it.Ǿ
The only nice thing about this place is different very very different than a normal pizza place.
I would only recommend this place if you want change because if you want good pizza this is not the place for you. The parking here is brutal Bruno parking there is none.Ǿ
Great weeknight fast pickup. Tuesday's they have a $10 any toppings special. I didn't understand the concept of this place until I had kids, husband, work, baseball practice and a house that constantly full of kids from the neighborhood. Now I totally get it and appreciate it.Ǿ
Unbelievably rude employees. I ordered a pizza online on 4/11 for the first time at the recommendation of a friend, and gave it a few minutes extra past pick-up time. When I arrived, two employees were in the store, and only one other customer was in the store. When I informed the female employee (who was not attending to any other customers) that I had placed an order online AND ALREADY PAID,  and that I was here to pick up my order, she informed me that someone else was in the store first, and she could not help me, as there was another customer in the store. Really? That customer was being helped by Mr. General Manager Tom. I had already ordered and paid, the clerk was idle, and all she had to do was hand me my order. But she refused. Epitome of rudeness and laziness. She can't even perform a minimum-wage job properly. Wow.Ǿ
Seem to never get a good pizza from here. I like the idea and their Custer service is good but never have had a good piZa from there.Ǿ
Excellent pizza at an extremely reasonable price! The specialty pizzas are all terrific, but you can also craft your own! Want a pepperoni pizza with one slice cheese only? Done! Order it the way YOU want it! Also, don't forget the chocolate chip cookie dough. I hear it makes good cookies- I just dive in with a spoon! 
Check it out!!!Ǿ
Super friendly staff, incredible prices and a great option every week for us!Ǿ
Love the idea of fresh take n bake pizza! It's homemade, without all of the mess in the kitchen! The pizza is delicious, the crust is excellent, and the staff are super friendly. Plus their cookie dough makes an excellent snack while you wait for the pizza to bake. (I'm only mostly kidding) kudos Papa Murphy's.Ǿ
Was skeptical about take-and-bake, but it was awesome. Didn't even need my own pan, it comes right on its own. Great. Will be back.Ǿ
We have been to Papa Murphy's many times since it opened at this location. We have never been disappointed. Love the meat lovers pizza and the cowboy pizza. Have tried both thin and regular crust. Both are great. We are not fans of thick crust so we probably won't try the pan pizza but it is available for those who like it.Ǿ
EXCELLENT!  Just discovered it. Been there 4 times in 2 weeks. Each specialty pizza I've gotten is delicious...we like hot pizza from our own oven without the mess. I order thin crust only and its excellent so cannot speak to other crust. Hubs and I eat an extra large thin crust and always have some left over.  The staff is all extremely nice,, lightening fast, very good at their jobs!  Kudos to this store!