We were staying at the Glidden House next door and walked over for a light dinner of pizza and salad.  We were blown away!  The golden beet salad was amazing and was a good starter for a shared pizza. The dessert was great as well as our beer and wine. Service was great.  Highly recommend!笑
Came here for brunch with my husband. One of the best dining experiences I've had in Cleveland! We ordered the charcuterie and larder, winter vegetable Benedict, and the trentina toast, everything we tried was delicious and the wait staff was terrific. I can't wait to go back again!!笑
We're so glad we chose to come here on our one opportunity to eat dinner while in town. "Real" food that foodies would still flock to in Chicago, but less trying to be overinstagrammed for publicity and much much more affordable.

The most memorable thing has got to be the bread, served with a beef fat candle and whipped butter w/ sumac. By bread, I mean a pizza dough puffed in the oven - what a creative yet simple and delicious way to serve "bread!" At $8 it's pretty steep, but we were offered more bread multiple times, so maybe it's bottomless bread as long as your candle/butter lasts? Who knows. But totally creative with wow-factor and a great way to start your meal. 

We ended up choosing bread, a salad, 2 tasting portion pastas, and 2 mains, and it was more than enough food to be comfortably full for 2 people. The flavors were mostly delicious. My favorite was probably the broccoli with a ton of funk. Get that too. Overall, I thought everything we had was priced extremely fairly and tasted great. There were a minor missteps in the execution (like overcooked bucatini and not so crispy duck skin) but at no point did I feel like my money wasn't well spent. 

Service and ambiance were great. Everyone said happy anniversary to us because of my little open table note, the servers were attentive and sweet and very on top of their stuff.

Would totally come here again if we end up moving here, maybe try a pizza...笑
Very trendy small restaurant with beautiful decor.  White modern table and chairs and tall ceilings.  The restaurant can only seat about 20 people.  The lunch menu was about 15$ for pasta and 7-10$ for salad, and to be full you need both.  The portions here are small.  The pasta is not prepackaged and the combinations of ingredients are innovative.  

The gnocci was by far my favorite item.  Crispy outside with cream filling and beet sauce which really wasn't overwhelming.  

For lunch, a full meal is about 25$.  It's pricey to dine here but if you're willing to indulge, its a good meal.  There are plenty of places in Cleveland though where you can enjoy a great Italian meal for half the price but the food is refined and flavor profiles are unique.  Trentina serves quality food in an upscale atmosphere and is a good destination for special occasions.  I have not tried the tasting menu and have only tried the lunch fare.笑
I can see the potential, but would be hard pressed to want to return. Had the tasting Bianca menu and it was pretty uninspiring. Nothing stood out, but could see some originality in a few dishes. The fired polenta with the charcuterie was nice, but too much butter and the pickles were too salty. The salt came back in force with the mushroom course. The best course we're the pastas: gnocchi and rigatoni. The meats (duck and sardine) were good but nothing more than ordinary. The biggest disappointment was the service. Three bottles of wine and I think we had our glasses filled twice. OK at The Olive Garden, not so much when you get a bill for $427 for two. Also the waitress never considered an accommodation on adjusting the beverage pairing  or the "revisiting" course to our taste. As for the pairing, a simple adjustment to tilt to white from red would have been appreciated. Not necessary, but a reasonable expectation based on the price. My recommendation would be to drop the tasting menu. Focus on what you do well, pasta and a few key items, and train up st staff a bit more for this calibre of the restaurant. The young man who brought the courses was very well informed and excellent. The young lady who seated us and offered a the 'revisit' was less so. The revisit being the same course you already had and liked, you can have it again (as long as it's not the gnocchi or sardines). But they won't exchange it for a drink if you didn't enjoy the previous courses.笑
Disappointment on so many levels. The staff is very friendly, but that's the only upshot to this place. It's very pretentious and the prices are comparable to the close-by L'Albatros, but Trentina misses the mark by a mile. Food is mediocre at best and the menu is limited. Bland seems to be the choice with both the pasta and pizza we had. Don't look for subtle hints even, it's simply not there. This place would have gotten 3-4 stars if they didn't try to be a high-end restaurant (which they are not), but instead chose to be a (cheaper) eating/watering hole for the CWRU area. Again, at least the staff is very friendly and efficient!笑
my favorite spot on the east side.  always cozy & the best service.  only wish they had more a la carte or add-on options like eggs, bacon for brunch.  

oh & do yourself a favor and visit the restroom upstairs.   trust!

the sound i heard while dining:
"My Girl" by The Temptations

@xfoxrox on IG笑
This is the best high end unique restaurant in cleveland hands down, in terms of creativity.  Go for dinner and get the tasting menu.  We are lucky in cleveland to have a restaurant of this caliber and most of the comments here are people complaining about prices and portion sizes.  Alinea in Chicago has a course with a portion the size of a quarter and they charge $250 per person and tickets are sold out for months, so ignore the comments from people who dont have a clue.  For a unique culinary journey get the tasting menu and prepare to be wowed.笑
Not worth the price, at any price
First, we just heard that they lost their chef, he walked out, so that might explain a few things. 
They put as at a 2 top right next to the door, a sliding door, my wife's chair was half way into the entrance, hindering anyone entering the restaurant, and my neck was within 2 inches of a heater, We complained and were told that we would have to wait 1 hour or more. Thankfully a couple in a 4 top next to us asked us to join them.
a 12 course dinner tasting menu, was placed in front of us, with no price!. We were ignored for quite a while, had to ask for a regular menu. We had the Bucatini which was like paste, undercooked. They did realize this and brought us a plate of tagliatelle with black truffle, cooked to perfection. We than had the lamb shoulder, more that 1/2 of it was fat and not cooked properly. The waitress, whom seemed clueless placed, with my wife's permission, her purse on the wet floor! 

I would wait till they get another competent chef before trying the place again.笑
For a student on a budget, this place is hands down my favorite place to go for a more special occasion/date or anniversary. Their prices are relatively cheap compared to the high quality delicious food you receive. 

As for their atmosphere, Trentina is upscale but not pretentious, with their outside patio seating for walk-ins only, however you can make reservations ahead of time for inside but can choose to sit outside if seating is available. 

As an appetizer, I highly recommend their wood-fire margarita pizza. For their entrée, my favorite is the duck served two ways, a dish with duck cooked to the perfect tenderness and paired nicely with a homemade sauce. If you're looking to spend a little extra money on a drink, their freshly made fig julep is absolute amazing. As for non-alcoholic drinks, their homemade sodas and phenomenal and make for a refreshing addition to your meal.笑
went for brunch on a sunday - thought food was bland and they do give you salt, pepper or hot sauce. You're expected to pay for food the way they like it.笑
My wife and I had the good fortune of dining at Trentina about two weeks after it opened (about a year ago). We had the chef's tasting menu (the only thing offered at the time) and combined it with the wine pairings - suffice it to say, we thought it was terrific all the way around.

We finally had the opportunity to come back to Trentina, and while making the reservation I took a look at the interim comments and reviews from customers. While many were quite good and on par with our previous assessment of Trentina, I also noticed a good number of people who commented that the tasting menu (12 courses, mind you) had too little food and that they needed to get a fast food hamburger on the way home. While others complained about the wine pairings as providing little more than a single glass of wine throughout the meal. Naturally this concerned me as I wondered if Trentina had, in fact, declined in what it had to offer over the course of the past year.

Well let me put that concern to rest. Trentina is fabulous. Just fabulous. Those who complain about the size of the servings in the tasting menu (at the risk of being flamed) simply eat too much. And the wine pairings are one of the best deals in a prix fixe meal I've ever seen. I would estimate that there are 4+ glasses of wine worth throughout the meal, and they are varied, some unusual, and all delightful. My wife and I took a cab to the restaurant and then home. In fact, I would warn diners that if you get the tasting menu with wine pairings that you must have a designated driver, or take a cab/Uber home. Be safe.

So, back to the tasting menu. I won't go through everything, save to say that each course was unusual, well prepared, creative, and thoughtful on many levels. You may not prefer everything that comes to you (we all have different tastes), though the meal as a whole will be eye-opening, inventive, and memorable. There's nothing else like it in Cleveland. 

Get to Trentina, and hurry!笑
You can eat at home and be well fed.  The reason to eat out is to make life better.  Eating at this establishment  was the most joyful dining experience I have ever had.  These people LOVE what they do and that message arrives on your tongue with every bite.

Our reservation was for 9:00, and they were backed up.  That might sound like a negative but  instead the hostess turned it into an extension of the wonder of being here.  We were sent to the lobby, given bubbly and the most luscious little snacks served on, get this, a piece of bark!  (All cost free and without even asking for it.)

By the time we were seated, only 15 minutes later, I had caught the sight of the spirit of adventure that was coming for us.

Each course was like a child's picture book --  inviting, bright, and providing context for the story.   Inviting you to both savor the current page and want to race to the next.

Whoever makes the hiring decisions here is some sort of psychological genius.  The mean age of the staff -- including the managers -- is around 24.  But, these young people are doing what they love and being given the freedom to do it right.  

The space is small and it cannot be expanded without spoiling the place.  There is simply too much time put into every part of the grand adventure to expand it.  I feel that we are all lucky that someone had the vision to bring this place to life.笑
1. My dad was charged $17 for a hamburger when the menu said it was$15. That was never corrected
2. My boyfriend asked the server for his opinion about different dishes and decided in the duck. It was way over cooked and was a child's portion. For the price he should have been given 3 ducks. 
3. About every 5 minutes our server told us our good was coming but it took forever. Finally, 2 plates arrived the burger and duck. My dad being the gentleman that he us didn't eat until my food was served. Which was 13 minutes later. So his overpriced burger was now cold. 

Skip this restaurant.笑
Did the menu bianco tasting menu with wine pairings and alas, was very disappointed. Certainly 
the concept is, to my knowledge, the first of its kind in Cleveland, so kudos for that, but we have had much better experiences in other cities. I won't belabor the details of the menu as it is well detailed in other reviews, but the pacing of the meal was really slow and uneven; the food was presented in an unnecessarily fussy way; most of the servers were very awkward and robotic; and worst of all, we were all still hungry at the end of it!  The wine pairings, I will say, were unusual and very good, but the dining experience was much less mature than hoped. Not a do-over for us.笑
Service is amazing,very personable! Food was delicious!! We got the beet salad (SO good!!) sausage pizza, Bella nonna and the gnocchetti sardi. Fantastic!!笑
Totally, totally, totally confused by some of the negative reviews on here. My partner and I went last night--it was our first visit and were celebrating our anniversary--and had the best restaurant experience EVER. Very special and very memorable.


FOOD
We decided to do the 12 course tasting menu with drink pairings. The price was steep ($115 for food, $50 for drinks, $165 total per person) but absolutely worth it. I'm not going to go through and review each course we had because it would be way too much, but each and every course was simply delicious. The dishes and recipes were unique and original. Great for foodies and very chef driven. Presentation was absolutely spectacular--there is no competition.

In addition to the twelve courses, we were surprised with what's called a "revisit" -- we each got to choose a course that we would like to experience again. It was a wonderful surprise and something neither of us had ever heard of. 

The chef came out after completing the tasting menu. It meant a lot that he took the time to speak with us about the food and our experience. 

Highlights:
- two little balls of duck and goat cheese served on a GIANT wooden block
- beef heart tartare
- mushroom soup with the broth poured table side
- pasta with ricotta and lemon zest
- pasta with animal fat that melted and tasted like gravy
- roasted turnips with watermelon radish and salsa verde
- cranberry sorbet with yogurt and granola
- Prosecco gummies with a surprise inside...
- bread served with an edible candle - you dip your bread in it as it melts
- cappelletti spritz garnished with an Ohio-grown apple slice
- red effervescent wine


SERVICE
P-H-E-N-O-M-E-N-A-L. Outstanding. Our server Sarah was the best server we have ever had. Fun, nice, personable, and most importantly, knowledgeable. The food runner was knowledgeable as well, describing every dish and explaining the ingredients and cooking techniques.


AMBIENCE
I was legitimately shocked at the size of this restaurant. It's tiny. I thought there was more seating upstairs - nope. I think there were maybe ten tables total. It's small, but cozy and intimate. Modern, classy, contemporary decor. You must check out the bathrooms - super high tech! 


Most definitely recommend.笑
Ambiance: 4. Small and intimate both inside and out, the new restaurant allows you to feel connected to the neighborhood surroundings as well as the wait staff and cooks.  We sat outside with a great backdrop of the botanical gardens and Glidden House next door (along with a seemingly full working outdoor "kitchen') which I highly recommend (far more spacious than what can be a claustrophobics nightmare inside). That said, one caveat is the bianco and pasta tasting menus are only available indoors.

Cost: 3. Foodie-sized portions are taken to another level here versus some other spots in Cleveland. Also, tickets for the indoor tasting are more expensive for walk-ups than buying tickets online ahead of time ($100 for bianco) - fair? Probably not. The staff, experience, and of course food are no doubt are the cause of the extra money you're spending... which felt well worth it.

Food Quality: 5. Trentina's menu is modeled after Northern Italian cuisine. We had salad, the infamous Strangolapreti, lamb shoulder, and beef brisket (true outside grilling fun). All were A+, except for the lamb shoulder which personally was just a little on the fatty side for me, even understanding it's lamb. For desert, try the olive oil ice cream, it's fairly dense but a delicious gamechanger.

Service: 5. Service was prompt and courteous. Both J. Sawyer & his restaurant manager were heavily involved making sure both patio and indoor diners were happy.

When to return: Showing off Cleveland to foodies. Summertime to sit on the patio. Small group special occasion (the inside seating is limited). When you need a break from the E 4th / Ohio City / Tremont food scenes.笑
Jay is fabulous, so knowledgeable ... The food is amazing!! Give this a try, you won't be disappointed!

Thanks Jay for creating a great dining experience!笑
Pros: inventive preparations, solid across courses. Fresh pasta worthy of the chef's caliber. Extremely reasonable prices for the quality.  Polite and professional staff. Very. Charming setting. Flexibility on gluten free requests. 

Cons: service was at times stuffy. Wine pours on the skinny side. Maybe a function of still new staff but orders were confused (with kind compensation). Space can get drafty in the winter.笑
When they think of Cleveland, the first thing people often mention is the fine-dining scene. Wait... no, that's not right at all. But it might start to be, now that Chef Jonathan Sawyer has opened Trentina, a small (35-seat) restaurant offering up Northern Italian (you know, like Trentino?) fare. You want to do the Menu Bianco, his 12-course tasting menu, which lately has offered up magical moves like a pasta alla chitarra with an Ohio farm egg, "beasts and birds roasted with embers" in a sugo di Loro Ossa, and, you know, 10 OTHER THINGS. But if you don't have room, just dance with the Pasta Degustazione, their pasta tasting menu, and know you'll get six beautiful pastas so good, they can't even be overshadowed by Johnny Manziel's ego.笑
I'm baffled by the negative reviews talking about price and pretension on here... this is why we can't have nice things.

I had a relaxing and truly delicious lunch here this past week. I'm a fan of Jonathon Sawyer so I was excited. My mom and I walked in and were seated immediately. The restaurant itself is beautiful and quaint. It's quite an intimate space but not claustrophobic, very elegant but not pretentious at all. 

Service was above and beyond. Our server was friendly, helpful and perfectly attentive. Reading some other reviews made me a bit intimidated at first because I was wearing workout leggings and others claimed they were dressed nicely and ignored by staff. Apparently this must've been a one-time thing because I felt welcomed and no one but me cared about what I was wearing. 

We ordered the golden beet salad, carrots & parsnips and the mushroom pizza. We ended the meal with the buttermilk custard. The standout was definitely the carrots & parsnips. They're tender, sweet with a little savory bite, very well done. The beet salad was great as well. It's a bit smoky though so if that isn't your thing this isn't your thing. I disagree with other reviewers on the mushroom pizza. I thought it was delicious, specifically because of the kale. It cuts the creaminess of the fonduta and the result is an awesome umami flavor that isn't too heavy. The buttermilk custard was actually the only thing I didn't love, it's good, but nothing to rave about.

I expected the portions to be small and I found our three dishes to be more than enough food for two people. We even had leftovers. It's a nice restaurant -- don't expect the portions to be the same as the Cheesecake Factory. I think the same goes for price. I was actually expecting our bill to be much, much higher. With two starters, one pizza, one dessert and two coffees - our bill only came out to $46. Perhaps I'm just used to LA prices where something like this would've easily been closer to $80. 

tl;dr - If you want a well thought out meal for a decent price, try Trentina. And stop complaining about portion sizes.笑
After hearing about the new Jonathan Sawyer restaurant, my girlfriends and I decided to treat ourselves to a nice dinner tonight. And wow, all I can say- it was by far the best dinner I have ever experienced in Cleveland.

See, the best part about Cleveland, is that you don't have to be waitlisted for 3 months to try to get into a restaurant of this caliber- nor do you need to shell out 200-300 dollars on one meal. You don't have to wait in some ridiculous line for 2+ hours to get a seat (just make a reservation though). You don't have to push your way through crowds to get to Trentina. There is a dress attire, so you have to dress up- but hey, why not, it makes for an enjoyable experience.  Trentina was incredible- and we made reservations only a couple of days prior to our dinner, parked in the complimentary valet, and walked peacefully into the restaurant.

It's a great looking restaurant- clean, white walls, large windows, mirrored tables- I love the design of it.

Currently, they have two tasting menus- the bianco and the pasta. The bianco is the bigger menu, and it's cheaper to buy online rather in the dining room. However, we chose a smaller tasting menu (5 pasta dishes + other tastings) - and it was amazing. All the pasta is made in house and they were by far, the best pasta I think I have ever had. Ever. 

I wish I could rattle off the names of the pasta, but not being Italian, I kind of am unsure of what I'm talking about when I say the names. All I can say though, was that the pasta- was utterly amazing- filled with varying dishes including abalone (abalone! Chef Sawyer gets his abalone from his a friend who owns an abalone business. When I saw the abalone, I was like, "WHAT? Abalone?!), caviar, roe, scallops, special fungi, amazing cheese, and so on. My favorites of the night were the ouvo all trentina (the egg comes out in this wooden branch of some sort, cooked over embers....straight onto your plate of amazing pasta), and pline + zuppa di vino vianco- which was this amazing cheese in a bread ball of some sort, with pureed cabbage, etcera... amazing. Utterly amazing. And all the pasta is made in house. OMG, SOOOOOOOOOO amazing. I was in food heaven.

And what was great about this restaurant, was that the service was great. They replaced every fork and knife we used with each course, and were attentive to our needs, explaining each dish. Chef Sawyer himself even came out, explaining multiple dishes for us, and telling us where the ingredients came from.

I was even surprised with the candles they had used on the table..was really beef fat! But it made for great dipping for our bread (between our courses). "Everything is usable" they said.

Overall, I was stuffed after our pasta tasting (which, is not listed on their website- you have to call in and ask), which completed with a trio of desserts, including olive ice cream on amaretto, homemade yogurt + red currants + gianduja + danish, and apricots+ other fruits. We were STUFFED. But, seriously, Trentina is the best restaurant I have ever been to CLE.. I dare say this may indeed challenge the high caliber places in NYC and LA..... wow, it was so amazing. 

Even the bathroom was nice- they had a bidet (which was even heated), along with a sink faucet with built in dyson fans INTO the faucet. Dude, I could have lived in that bathroom. I've never even seen a bidet in CLE before! Nice, very nice.

Overall, I was extremely impressed and highly recommend going to Trentina when you want to experience a world of amazing flavors. You don't see this type of restaurant in CLE, and I applaud Chef Sawyer for Trentina. It definitely sets a new stage of foodieness in CLE...and I like it a lot. Amazing. Five stars to the max.笑
I thought the food was delicious, the wine was very good, and the service was excellent. I would absolutely go back for the tasting menu or just another night out.笑
For the price point, good food but disappointing portion sizes. Specialty tea selection was clearly stale (dragonwell) and past its "serve-by" date. Unlikely to return.笑
Having watched the buzz about Jonathon Sawyer grow slowly ever since a since a somewhat hit-and-miss experience at The Greenhouse Tavern in 2012 it was with great anticipation that a reservation at Trentina was made for three people at 6:30 Saturday evening, the $115 Menu Bianco proving not only that the Chef has indeed developed over the intervening years, but also that there may be a place for upscale locavore dining in Cleveland.

Opened in 2014, a James Beard Award for the Chef soon to follow, Trentina sees Sawyer and Chef De Cuisine David Kocab take on the concept of Northern Italian cuisine by way of Ohio Farmers, the classic plates of the Trentino region reinterpreted with a focus on bold flavors focused on simple elegance at the peak of season.

Taking over an old building on the edge of CWRU Campus, the interior sparsely designed but decorated with bold abstracts that couple with the mellow soundtrack to offer a casual elegance to the night, it was at one of several four-tops that our trio was seated and with menus already in place the only question was how much a la carte to be added, the eventual decision being three plates plus one significant substitution.

Well portioned for a tasting, each course following Thomas Keller's idea of the plate being satisfying while still leaving diners for want of 'one more bite,' dining began with three forms of housemade charcuterie including Llama Sausage plus shaved Egg 'bottarga,' the richness and funk well compensated by way of house pickles including semi-sweet Pears and otherwise thrown-away 'rescued' Broccoli stems.

Preaching whole food usage and sustainability, Ricotta Fritters dusted with the dehydrated peel of Tomatoes while a plate of raw Trout found nuance in Beets, Pickled Pears and Paw-Paw, course four featured the first "add-on" option, Trentina's much praised Potato Pizza showing brightly with yeasty bubbles and great pliability beneath a hint of ash, rich Ragu and Provolone Cheese tinged in Rosemary.

Showing a great degree of diversity as the menu progresses, courses to follow including Grilled Maitakes over an unfried cube of Bamboo rice "Arancini," Pan Seared  Sweet Potato Gnocchi brought into season with Cinnamon and Apples plus a delicate filet of Red Snapper unbagged tableside with notes of Wine and Artichokes, one of the highlights of Trentina's everyday menu is undoubtedly the Bread service, a crisp balloon of air and sour notes already delicious and all the better when dipped in the slowly melting Beef Fat Candle.

Adding three portions of pasta to the meal, two available in an appetizer size while the crispy-edged Lasagna is only offered as a weighty full rectangle, one would be hard pressed to fault any aspect of the trio's price-point or execution, the "Beef Osso Bucco" pairing Shank to springy Gnocchetti while Cavatelli went off the grid to set seared Grapes next to Radicchio poached in Brown Butter, the tasting-only 'Estruso' perhaps envisioned during a brainstorming session for Sawyer's Noodlecat concept as the tubes of Rigatoni sang beneath funky "XO Sauce" and Parmesan.

Well sated at this point, even a single added plate likely too much for the average diner when put on-top of the Menu Bianco, savories ended in roasted Delicata Squash from a nearby farm followed by a slice of Duck Liver given the "PB&J" treatment over housemade Focaccia, the clever concept of a "Re-Do" presented giving diners a second look at a course he or she enjoyed previously.

Using regional Italian Cheese to make a custard topped in smoked almonds and local Honey before moving onto dessert, the Panna Cotta an all-out disaster both in terms of its rubbery texture and off-putting flavor, better bites were found in the campfire favorite Semifreddo accompanied by toasted Marshmallows and Graham Cracker crumble, one last bite of Carrot Cake better than either of the desserts in the opinion of nearly everyone in the dining room and thankfully sending all off with fond memories of what is the first 'destination-worthy' meal I have had in the State of Ohio.笑
We did the tasting menu with the wine pairings. 11 courses in about 3 hours. It was a Tuesday evening, there seemed to be two front-of-house staff members for all 7 tables (which should be fine). Overall we had a good evening, but the food just didn't live up to the cost. I do think I would try this restaurant again, but I will not do the tasting menu next time. 

Ambiance and general layout:
We liked it, but the art is reminiscent of a Rorschach test. The bathrooms are surprisingly high tech, and very clean. Great and efficient use of a small space.

Tasting Menu:
This was hit or miss depending on the course, but I'm glad we tried it. All dishes are made to order depending on the guest's preferences. The courses started out very strong, but diminished in quality by the 5th or 6th course. We noticed that the chef really likes notes of acidity and plenty of salt in their cooking. Perhaps that's just the style of the region, but we were both a little surprised. All the portions in the tasting menu are very tiny, yet we were very full by the end of the night. Sometimes they would give us different plates for the same course, which we enjoyed because it gave us more to try. We really did not like the aged scallop, but loved the oyster and the horseradish bites. Also the fish course with the smoked hollandaise sauce. YUM. Would go back just for that. 

The lengthy descriptions of the food we were eating and the wines we were trying seemed to get more and more complicated as the night went on, particularly with the wines. Sometimes as the servers described how something was cooked to the perfect temperature, I'd worry I was missing my opportunity to try it hot. Usually the food was fairly lukewarm.

Wine pairings:
Would not recommend. I think we would have been happier splitting a bottle of wine. 

Service:
Good service overall. I appreciated the complimentary valet parking, a necessity in University Circle for a restaurant this small.笑
Friendly staff, food mediocre at best. Not all printed menu item available on a Friday night. Pastas were ok but very greasy, burger was decent but expensive. Very small mostly all Northern Italian wine list. Since I am no expert, asked for help from my waitress, telling her what I was looking for. She smiled and recommended the two most expensive wines on the list. She had not tried them. But I should? The vintage was printed wrong on the list when  the wine came but she did not notice. Looked up a few of their wines on wine searcher. Markup is four times retail, not wholesale. Quite a gouge. They seem to try hard to be hip and cool but just come off pretentious. We will not return nor recommend this place. You've been warned. Go to Lola. O, forgot about dessert. Don't bother. There. I'm done.笑
I have been to Trentina twice and have had a great experience each time. The food is delicious!  I could go on an on about the edible candle appetizer. We've gotten it every time we go and will continue to get it. Atmosphere is cozy and classy yet comfortable. Drinks are fantastic. Service is always friendly and knowledgeable. Food is amazing. You won't be disappointed. They have a nice patio. I'd highly recommend coming here if you haven't been. Definitely get the edible candle appetizer. Trust me.笑
How pretentious can one place be?  This place has outdone even the most pretentious of restaurants to the point that they believe they can do no wrong and treat the customers like dirt.  The manager was especially irksome.  He seemed to believe that his level of hipster coolness allowed him to be above providing solid customer service.  

It is possible that this place serves the best food in Cleveland or anywhere, but the taste left in my mouth by the manager and staff overpowered my ability to enjoy the food.   If I owned this place I would send the manager elsewhere to "forage."笑
Went here for brunch on Sunday morning. We had a reservation but it was pretty quiet when we arrived. Everyone ordered either the french toast or ricotta cakes and there were many empty plates by the end of the meal. The portion size was good - filling but not too much. For the price, it's on par with other upscale brunch places in the area. The service was pretty good - although it took a while to get cream for the coffee, and I had to ask for it versus it being offered. Don't miss the remote controlled bidet - it's pretty fancy (see pics). Just a note, when I called to make a reservation the hostess was rude. Also the ambiance and temperature were great - we sat by the door and it was still warm, maybe a problem they fixed from prior reviews.笑
I've been here many times now for lunch and dinner and it never disappoints. They always have fresh, modern, and quality Italian food including brick oven pizzas, homemade pastas, and a wide selection of other appetizers and entrees. Their pasta dishes come in two portion sizes, which makes them great for lunch or dinner and makes the meal a lot more affordable. Their duck entree is incredible and one of the best dishes I've ever had. I'm also a big fan of their lamb rigatoni and the bucatini with tomato butter. For the summer season, they have really great outdoor seating that is first come first serve, so even on the busy days you can get seating without reservations.笑
Came for brunch on a Sunday with my family. There are 12 of us and we took up the entire restaurant. I'm not kidding I think there were 2 other tables inside besides us. Service was a little slow, but the food was good. The pastry basket was my favorite thing, I didn't love my crab Benedict. Breakfast pizza was good, polenta was really good as well. I would like to try dinner here.笑
I was really excited to eat at Trentina, I live about an hour outside of Cleveland  so it takes a bit of planning. I was very much let down. I will give them some wiggle room because they had a private event that evening and the usual chef was on vacation. The martini was good but maybe not $14 excellent. The polenta chips on the cheese plate are not great, not a ton of flavor, tough to bite and then breaks into shards in your mouth. The cheese and charcuterie were very good quality and taste. The potato saltimbocca pizza, was dry, super dry. It was topped with unseasoned baked or boiled potatoes, I would not recommend it. The half roasted chicken was the high light. Flavor balance, perfect sauce and crispy skin, I would go back just for that. 

Our server was distracted, maybe because it was close the end of her Friday night. 

Because the pizza was so bad, we ordered a pasta plate. I asked for the gnocchi with osso bucco, it came out with shells. The server did not give us an explanation why (we also didn't ask), maybe she thought I wouldn't know the difference. The beef was tender, and well cooked maybe a bit on the salty side. 

We didn't order desert, as nothing jumped out at me. Tipped 20%. Not the best, not the worst, but to be let down after being so excited I don't think I will go back.笑
I've never written a review about the bathroom of a restaurant but this place had hands down the COOLEST bathroom I've ever been in, in my life. I'm not kidding. What's even better is that the food and service of this place was also just as awesome, so basically I'm in love with Trentina.

My friend and I walked in last night without a reservation (I recommend making one, especially on a Friday night) but we were lucky that they had a 2 top open up for us. I ordered the steak and my friend got a pasta dish that were both absolutely delicious. Then it came time for dessert and we were stuck between ordering this coffee ice cream dish vs. a chocolate tart. One of the chef's overheard us debating which dessert we wanted and nicely enough brought out both!!!! It was the best day of my life. The coffee ice cream dessert had this cream that turned into pudding when you poured it over the ice cream. I don't know what the heck it was, the chef quickly described it, but whatever it was it was SO DAMN GOOD! 

Then there was the bathroom. First of all it was so warm and cozy, I literally wanted to curl up in a ball and park it in there for a few hours. The toilet or "bidet" as I guess its called was like a robot and had a heated toilet seat and a massager!!! Maybe thats TMI but I'd never seen anything like it in my life so I just had to rave about it haha. Not to mention the cool hand drying device attached the sink and the plethora of breath mints available - coolest bathroom ever.

Go try Trentina, the end.笑
If you love brunch, (whats not to love) then this is a must try! It's hard to put into words the deliciousness that is Trentina's Brunch. I suppose I will start at the beginning. 

The host who greeted us was so happy and welcoming you couldn't help but start your morning off with a smile. The restaurant it self is intimate with only a few tables, reservations are required.

As we waited to the rest of our party of 6 to arrive I ordered the Carafe of Mimosas. They have three different variations your regular OJ, grapefruit, and my favorite the Cranberry. It was absolutely delightful and definitely enough for sharing with friends.

I first ordered the Bacon Dumplings and they were to die for. Just enough salty and sweet with heavenly sauce. It was hard to share when friends asked for a taste. As a bacon lover I also ordered their Glazed bacon and the truth is .. not all bacon is created equal. I didn't want the deliciousness to end for only $6 its a must try!!

As my main dish I had the Trentina Toast and it just melts in your mouth. Never have I had such a light and fluffy french toast. I will say that if you are not a person for sweets in the morning you may want to stay away from this it was almost like having dessert for breakfast (no complaints here).

Having sampled a few other breakfast plates from friends you can't go wrong with any item on the menu.笑
We went here for a Saturday brunch after my wife had heard about the Chef on Food Network.  We were not disappointed.  It sits just off of Case Western Reserve University in a lovely setting.  It was a nice day so we opted to eat outside.  Wait staff was friendly and extremely efficient but the food was delicious.  I had the Pork Belly Carbonara at it was a delight.  Beautifully seasoned with parmesan and pepper and of course the pork belly.  My wife had the Eggs in Purgatory which was wonderfully seasoned.  The presentation of both dishes was also mouth watering.笑
Oh my goodness, how much I love Trentina and the atmosphere it exudes! When I walk into Trentina I feel like I am transported to a countryside cottage in the south of France and I love that feeling. I have only been here for brunch, but as far as I'm concerned that is the best time to go there. The prices are a little high, which is why I am giving them four stars instead of five. I enjoy everything about the place, but for a brunch the prices are a little steep. The eggs benedict here are the best I have had in a long time, and the fried potatoes are just a little sliver of heave-like the best hash brown I have ever had (I don't remember exactly what it is called). Mimosa pitchers run around 15-18 dollars, it has been a while but I think it was around there, but they are pretty big and could definitely be shared between four people. However, be prepared to spend around 50-60 dollars per couple. Expensive, but worth it and definitely a unique Cleveland staple!笑
Extremely small portions. An order of beef shank could not have had two ounces of beef in it.笑
I wanted to stop in for lunch to visit my friend who works here - I have to say, it was in incredible experience! First off, the building it's located in is simply adorable, and the location couldn't be any better. The interior is clean, well designed and unassuming, with plenty of light. I ordered a lamb bolognese pasta dish as well as charcuterie and some fresh table bread. The food all used familiar simple ingredients but using techniques and combinations that were fresh and exciting. Also, did I mention that the table bread came with its own beef fat candle? It melted as the candle burned and you could dip the bread in it. Simply divine! All of the details aside, it all tasted great and was an awesome culinary experience. I'll be sure to come back next time I'm in Cleveland!笑
This was a really good Italian meal. The food is thoughtful and creative and contemporary. More Italian from Italy than Italian American. 

We had the roasted broccoli, sassafras beets, and bread with suet candle to start.

For mains we had the mushroom pappardelle and the strip steak. Both excellent dishes.

I'm visiting from D.C. but would definitely go back!笑
This place is solid. I had the butter candle with my pita and it was divine. I got the lasagna and it was flavorful and brilliant. Only reason I wouldn't give it 5 stars is because we waited an hour for our food. On the plus side, the restrooms were quite impressive. Highly recommend.笑
My boyfriend and I went to Trentina for my birthday and ordered the 11 course tasting menu. Though the portions were small, every single bit was so packed with flavor that it more than made up for it. The service was impeccable, from start to finish. Everyone who works there was amazing. I couldn't have been happier with my experience.笑
I enjoy chef Sawyer's Greenhouse Tavern so much.  This is his take on Italian food.  Nice menu with good choices.  All well prepared.  There is a prix fix menu that I have not yet tried.  Food is well prepared, but service can be a bit spotty.  Overall very good experience.笑
Spend $115 on the Bianco tasting menu and report out my thoughts, insights and feelings about it to fellow yelpers? Someone had to do it, and tonight, I present a review that is somewhat painful to write.

The theme of the Bianco tasting menu is "an inventive twist on the edible wildlife around us". The focus of the culinary skill here it seems, is to do what it takes to highlight and frame the flavors of nature, that are by default, a culinary gift unto itself. You won't see heavy sauces or deep fried fare. You will see a gentle approach to: wild mushrooms, the same mushroom essence aged for a year, eggs poached on tree bark charcoal, prawns essences made from the entire prawn, fish roe, rabbit and game. If I was to rename this tasting menu in less sophisticated fashion, I'd call it the "Forager's Special" or "Cleveland Metroparks Special" -- imagine "survivalist" fare turned sophisticated or how Jonathon Sawyer would cook if he was left with nothing but ingredients from the north american wilderness. I think the concept is bold, very forward thinking and also... risky.

Sounds good so far? Here's how the 2-hour, 12-course adventure tasted.

The first plate that came out had these polenta flakes that honestly had the texture of plastic cellophane topped with salted butter. My teeth got a work out from the polenta jerky. In my estimation, each of these chew toys probably set me back 5 bucks each so I had to finish it. With it was this pea-sized morsel of what seemed like beef carpaccio on the side and thin slice of pickled beet. 

What followed next was a literal 1X1 foot block of wood laid on our table topped with exactly two pea-sized portions of some chickpea pastry topped with a single piece of fish roe. It would have been a disaster had I dropped it, so I picked it up carefully and ate it with my eyes closed, but it was so small that it went down my throat like a pill. Well, so much for that. Did they invite us take home the block of wood? Unfortunately not, if yes, it would have been worth it, I could have built a bird house for my back yard.

Then came plate after plate of thin as air, small-as-possible portions of fish, various broths, prawns with what they call "prawn butter" made from crushed prawn parts, exactly two oysters, a single piece of mussel wrapped around a single fettuccinni noodle, and a spoonful of mushrooms.

The highlight of the night was this candle made from beef fat that melted and could serve as a dip for the bread. Still starving, they finally came up with the meat, which was rabbit sausage with casing made from it's own gut and a matchbox-sized portion of sirloin (hey, this isn't an exotic item -- why the matchbox size?!?). Then, there was desert, bavarian cake the size of a twinkie followed by a single macaroon, you guessed it, pea-sized.

In comparing this with other $115 meals I've had in my lifetime, this one tasted "good". Frivolous, yes. But great? I was struggling to think so and I felt like that kid in "The Emperor's New Clothes". But here's the deal though -- do not trust my palate. Point is, I know that to a casual listener, Igor Stravinski, one of classical music's greatest geniuses, would sound unintelligible. Heck, not all rock aficionados can understand the genius behind The Grateful Dead.

Verdict: My taste is likely too undeveloped for this type of food. I'm simple enough to be satisfied with classic fare like duck confit, cassoulet, risotto, or steakhouse steak. This would likely be a 5-star rating for more evolved diners, culinary students or fellow chefs. Sawyer is a chef's chef.

We left the place bewildered. This was way beyond my comprehension. My opinion probably wouldn't count here, so I'll go with the expert reviews and say this is good eats. 4 stars.笑
Best lasagna ever!

Came in for lunch on a Thursday afternoon.  Had heard about their Bloody Mary making a top 10 list in the US, so I had to try one.  Since I was working, it didn't have booze in it which made it a bit rich, but it was still very good.

The guys I was with all had the cheese and sausage pizza.  Wood-fired, the flavor was very good.  I had the wood-fired lasagna which was just crazy good.  Same sauce as what they put on the pizza, it had a bit of a smoked flavor to it and a very nice presentation.  It did take 25 minutes to bake, but we were forewarned and it was worth the wait!

As others have said, this place is very small.  In hindsight, I was lucky to get a table but very glad I did.  Will be back for a weekend brunch with a fully leaded bloody mary!笑
Nice place, great service from the chef (he stand in every table explaining the details of the plates). Prices are ok. The oysters were very good.笑
I went back for Brunch and my group of 5 were the only ones in the restaurant until we were leaving.  We were very excited about the remote controlled toilets and the Dyson combo faucet and hand dryer.  The food (french toast, pancakes, Benedict, and mimosas) wasn't really anything great to talk about which makes me sad since I had great expectations for this restaurant.笑
There seems to be quite the variety of reviews here. Lots of hot or cold and not much in between...

For me, this was definitely a 5 star experience. I think... I think you have to go to Trentina with a very open mind. You have to suspend your disbelief. (A Restaurant like this in Cleveland?). You have to be ready to experience new things, to have faith in the skills of the wizards behind the curtain, and to go into each course with the zest of unraveling a mystery. You have to be ready for a slow experience. Bring good company. (That always makes everything better.)

I went to Trentina with my husband and a very close friend of ours for dinner on a Saturday night. We had, beforehand when confirming our reservations, chosen to do the 3-hour-long Menu Bianco 12 course experience with the wine pairings. We arrived earlier than our reservation, were seated immediately, and were a few of the handful of people in the restaurant. That quickly changed as the small and intimate setting became full, and lively!

For me, the evening started off slowly. The first two courses, while good, featured quite a few pickled items--which are not my personal favorite. (But you'd better bet your booty that I tried them all!) The llama was really delicious. Llama! Who knew? The cheeses were divine. Then there was the bread and that mighty fine fat-candle for dipping. What's not to love about bread and some savory dipping?

I really enjoyed the amount of time the servers took with us to describe each course. There were times the three of us each had a different dish for that course, and we took time to share portions and comment to one another on what we tasted. What we liked. What we didn't. Which dish was our favorite. For us, each course that came out only seemed to get better and better. The portions are, most assuredly, small. However, not a single one of us (and all 3 of us can EAT) felt unsatisfied by the end of the night. I guess, maybe, I feel as though feeling "full" isn't so much about the portions as it is about how satisfying the meal is, and to me, this was a very satisfying meal. 

I didn't care for the texture of the dessert I was given (it was something vanilla, tasty, but it was gelatinous, and I don't particularly like that mouth-feel) so ended up swapping with my husband for his dark chocolate tarte-type dish and it was fantastic. (Please don't ask me what these dishes were called. I would have had to write them all down to remember them. Ha!) I thought the wine pairings were fantastic and WELL worth the cost. It really does come to about 4 glasses by the end of the meal. While some of the beverages were things I would not have chosen, the magic really is in the pairing! 

We actually ended up spending our whole evening at Trentina (5 hours!) and I would never call it an evening misspent. The staff was friendly, knowledgeable, and very patient with all of our silly questions. Also, a special thanks to Jeremy for giving us a tour of his food lab. That was pretty darn amazing, too!  

I would go again in a heartbeat.笑
I don't know how to describe the place. I first had half sized Ravioli in brodo, and I was really surprised about the portion, so small that a squirrel can't full up. I am on a diet but I thought I needed more, so I then ordered the bread board, expecting small bites of various bread with cultured butter and olive oil. I was shocked again, this time the portion is so damn big that would ruin my diet plan completely. The prizing was funny, too. The $9 Ravioli was one fifth the portion of the $7 breads. The most expansive item I had there was a tiny little Swiss roll. They don't have a actual desert menu, instead the waiter would tell you the current desert items. I shouldn't have got the desert if I knew the prize, I could save some money and calories. 
Nevertheless, the food were very tasty, especially the Ravioli in brodo, the broth was really special, a mixture of light, delicate taste and hot, spicy touch. I suggest you to have dinner somewhere else and get this dish as snack. The breads were also good, but a bit greasy to me, even without the dipping sides. The Swiss roll was also good, although pricey. 
In total, this is a good restaurant where the food are extraordinary around the area, although a pretty strange place in the sense of pricing and orientation.笑
Stop what you are doing and go to Trentina RIGHT NOW!  Whether brunch or dinner, this is the best non-Asian meal I've ever had outside Italy.  The pork belly, the waffles, the gnocchi, even the bagel were all totally unmatched anywhere I've been.  I'm actually upset that I cant give it more than 5 stars.  What else?  Prices are great, server was incredibly knowledgeable and polite, atmosphere is quaint and welcoming, music is good.  Will definitely be back asap!!!笑
Love this restaurant! 
For lunch, dinner, and brunch! 
The service is good, and food is delicious!
If you are celebrating an event go there for the Menu Bianco, it's a special tasting menu.笑
Overall the food is okay, but surprisingly affordable. What really turned me off to the restaurant was the extremely slow service, and the fact that all the food was cold by the time it came out. However the atmosphere was great. I would recommend sitting outside on a nice day.

The food was a hit or miss. For example, for appetizers, the beet salad was pretty delicious and unique, but the charred broccoli was not good at all (cold and served with an unappealing, ash-gray sauce). The margarita pizza had a delicious garlic-butter taste, but the formaggio pizza oddly had acidity from lime juice that seemed out of place.笑
I'm so sad to update this review. I really, truly am. But the things I said before aren't true any longer and I don't want to be misleading. 

We've been back for brunch 4 times since our first visit and each time is worse than the last -- the bacon went from thick and generous to  skimpy pieces. The charcuterie platter went from a nice presentation with nice portions to just looking like things were hastily thrown on. And don't get me wrong, both items are still delicious -- I just feel that the quality has dropped significantly. The entrees have been just ok and for the price, I don't think we'll continue to have brunch here. 

Dinner was great the time we visited and will be the only reason we will come back. 
 
I understand trying to impress people the first weeks of business, but I feel like there needs to be some follow through. Especially on key menu items.笑
I'm extremely torn giving 2 stars. The food was excellent and the staff friendly, but the service was simply awful -- after telling them we were in a hurry from the get-go, it took them forever to take our order and a long time, even by normal not-in-a-hurry standards, to bring the food. We ordered pasta and vegetable dishes because they were supposed to be fastest, but it took at least 30 minutes for the first plate to arrive, and another 30 minutes for the second. All the while, they kept insisting the food "would be right out".  A complete failure on the expectation-setting.  I'd only go back if I had a ton of time.笑
Brought our son for his 26th birthday. He got the tasting menu. It was absolutely incredible! A few of the courses were not to his liking but that's part of the experience! Hubby got the Cavatelli which he loved and I got the Strip steak that was perfectly cooked. The table bread with edible candle was by far our favorite thing. So flavorful! What an experience! They even brought some of the tasting menu out for my husband and I to try. This place is at the top of our favorite places list!笑
If you plan to experience the $115 Bianco tasting menu paired with the wine then I advise you to STOP, RUN AWAY, RUN VERY FAR AWAY. The food that is there is good, but I could have put everything I ate on a dessert plate and still have plenty of room for more. They made it sound like the wine was fantastic, coming from small vineyards in Slovenia or Croatia or somewhere other than France, but it was of poor quality. They must realize that the wine isn't very good because by then end of the night you are lucky if you actually drank a total of 8 oz. I drank mostly water the entire night since there was nothing else. I guess I could have ordered a bottle on the side, but the prices were outrageous. 

Thankfully the toilets were a lot of fun with a remote control for the built in bidet. But I bet they were not a lot of fun for the unlucky women who chose the toilet where the toilet paper had run out. (NOTE: If you have vertigo or are unable to climb incredibly steep stairs, strap on a depends before you go. I guess you could walk over to Glidden House and try there.)

If you want to experience a good Jonathan Sawyer restaurant, go to the Greenhouse Tavern. If you are looking for something fancy, visit Lola. Don't waste your time in this place. It is no Sergio's.笑
We were hesitant about this place after reading very controversial reviews here and on the other websites, but decided to give it a try and went for brunch. We are sorry we did.
FOOD: FISH AND POTATOES (C), TRENTINA BENEDICT (C),  GRILLED BROCCOLI (D), RICOTTA CAKES (D) was mediocre and tasteless,  "inventive" , but failing to impress and all dishes were luke warm instead of hot. We had an impression that they were preheated instead of cooked freshly. Can't comment on drinks, we didn't order them.
SERVICE: was inattentive, forgetful, VERY slow and not professional.
AMBIANCE: was cute and modern and actually the best part of experience.
VALUE: was outrageously bad for the experience received. 
No coming back.笑
8 of us had dinner at this highly recommended restaurant. The place is small cozy and ambience is good. Our waiter was very knowledgeable though at times we thought we were getting a lecture. 

I ordered grilled broccoli and it was so tough and chewy to eat. Some of my friends ordered this special chicken which was recommended by the waiter. 
The chicken was clearly malnourished and salty. It even had a leg with fingers on it. Very disappointed for a fancy chicken meal. 
My pasta with lamb didn't have any lamb in it. 
May be we are not cut out for fancy food. After spending $500 I felt low and still hungry. May be we went on a wrong day.
No more Facny dinners笑
Just didn't feel the vibe at this place.

Started with their bread from On the Rise, which is a great little bakery at Fairmount/Taylor Road, but their trio of butters were quite bland, including the one that had a burning candle wick in it to melt it. Gimmicky.

Then had a scallop. It was a few tiny slivers, maybe 1/30 of an actual whole scallop. Tasted bland like an unseasoned scallop with a little pickle juice.

Finally had the beef shank. It had nice flavor, and was tender. Came with pasta, little shells. Dainty portion.

As others have said, portions all around were embarrassingly small. It was as if they were bullying you to either go crazy and order the $115 tasting menu or feel like an uncultured and obese person and therefore leave hungry. All around overpriced.

Service was weak. Food took more than an hour and there are only a half dozen or so tables. Server was unknowledgeable and inattentive, approaching rude.笑
AHHHHHmazing. 

Honestly do not know what to make of the negative reviews on here. Small portions?? This isn't olive garden folks. 
Everything about our experience was amazing, from the beautiful and modern atmosphere to the attentive and thoughtful service, to the outstanding, well concepted food. I look forward to coming back often to see what chef sawyer's genius brain has come up with. 
We started with the broccoli and the carrot/parsnip appetizers, both were excellent. My date and I each got a half order pasta course- I had the squash fold over pasta (basically little ravioli), and it was crazy good. My date had the Osso bucco pasta and he said it was the best pasta he'd ever had. For entrees we had the pork chop and the duck two ways, and we basically licked our plates clean it was just that good. 
You also definitely need to check out the bathrooms, as weird as that sounds. They're fancy AF.笑
The food was good, but the service was absolutely embarrassing. If you want a high-end restaurant, or even a decent restaurant, you need good service. We had to wait at the hostess stand forever, sat down and had to wait for drink orders - after we gave our drink orders it took 15 minutes to actually get the drinks. The waiter seemed knowledgeable - he was just terribly slow and inattentive. There were 5 tables and 3 servers and the service was inexplicable. I could have served all 5 tables faster than the 3 person wait staff. The pasta was cooked to perfection - but it's not worth the terrible dining experience. Sawyer should make sure he has a good staff before opening a high-end place.笑
I went to Trentina for brunch with friends.  The food was good. I ordered the French toast that had delicious apples on top. There was no syrup and I appreciated the change of pace.  The atmosphere was nice - very classy.  I've heard the tasting menu dinners are amazing. I enjoyed this experience, but as a vegetarian, there were not many options on the menu for me.  I would definitely recommend going here at least once.  If anything, they have a remote control bidet in the bathroom.笑
Northern Italian food with a modern flair - done very well. 

The restaurant is in a small cottage house next to the Glidden House Inn and is cozy and bright in white with modern design elements.  It only seats about 30 or so. 

The menu rotates seasonally and we have typically enjoyed everything we have tried when we go for lunch though the Bucatini Dela Nona made in "tomato butter" is our absolute favorite !!笑
We ordered the pasta tasting plate and it was just okay. The portions were pretty small and we were not "wowed" given the price point. I will say that the customer service and speed of the dishes coming out were good, but I would pass on this and stick only with his other restaurant, Greenhouse Tavern.笑
I had the pasta seven course which was delicious. You have to be hungry and willing to experiment, but everything is worth trying. I have a seafood allergy and they were very accommodating even though it meant I could not have the abalone, which is the signature pasta. My dinner companion loved it and I had a lovely chicken based substitute. 

We had a nice appetizer course which included beef and pickled Swiss Chard stems. The first pasta course (no chance I will remember the names) had a lovely bright lemon flavor. The sixth course is chopped pasta with pork and an egg that had a wonderful flavor. I apologize for not remembering more details. 

Overall, the decor is bright and contemporary, very different from Sergio's but still honoring the memory of that fantastic spot. 

For CLE this is something new and caters to the Foodie sect, a group which thanks to Chefs like Jonathan Sawyer, is growing all the time and I hope is a big success so more places like this will open.笑
Yes he has done it again!!

I really like Greenhouse tavern, I'm a big fan of the pig's head.  So when I heard about Trentina, I wanted to try it.  As an Italian living here in the states, I view Italian restaurants here a bit differently.  I know places that truly respect the principles of Italian fare and Italy's own openmindeness to blend and explore within the parameters of ingredients that compliment each other.  Nothing is set in stone per say which is what makes Italian food such a wonderful experience.  That said, Sawyer's dishes woke up my palate in a way I have not experienced since being back in Italy last summer.  His use of certain ingredients, the quality and preparations of said ingredients create a beautiful harmony on the plate.  The meats and delicate tastings of cheese and his bread board are just lovely samplings of what is yet to come.  The dishes were clean, full of flavor, prepared exquisitly and just delicious.  I witness the bianco menu from a table next to us who were so kind and let us peek in (and even try a few) and it looked wonderful, a must do next time I go.  All in all, from the staff really staying true to his idea of this being an intimate family atmosphere to the beautiful dishes to Jonathon himself taking time to come to our table and even personalize his cookbook for my girls.  I look forward to going back real soon.笑
The bathrooms were the best part. The portions are super small, and I LIKE smaller portions. I don't need a ton of food but this was crazy. The most food they give you is bread, that they charge you $8 for. The food was not worth the price. Won't be going back.笑
Well were to start! In love with this little gem in university circle, from the knowledge of the servers, to the decor, to the bathrooms and obviously most importantly the food! 

We started off with a bottle of wine some oysters which were ok I wish they had a little more brine and I'm pretty sure some water got into them but overall they were good. We shared the carne crudo which was Too die for! It was so delicious I would recommend this dish to everyone! We then shared a smaller portion of beef osso bucco which was also very very delicious!

For out entrees I had the fish and my husband had the duck two ways..... Both were very good but the duck two ways was pretty incredible.

And for dessert we shared (I wish I remembered the name) but is was hot coffee over some ice cream with coffee niblets. It also lived up to everything else we had... It was delicious!!!!

I can't wait to go back! Another reason I love this restaurant is they use everything local! 
Can't wait to go back!笑
I've been twice. It's now my favorite place to get a meal in Cleveland. 

The wine is expensive. There is a 40$ bottle of red - Schiano - that I turn to. A great way to bring down the wine cost is to start next door at the Glidden House while you wait for your table to be ready. They have a selection of 23$ bottles that you can start there and then bring over to Trentina when the table it ready. It's a fun way to start anyway, as the Glidden House is gorgeous. 

The ambiance is nice. It's well lit and playful, but it is still a nice dinner. Exactly what you're looking for when you get high end American cuisine. Casual but classy. I love the small dining room, it feels more personal and intimate. The service was spot on. The hostesses really made us comfortable, the food descriptions were on point, and the chef came out both times to see how we were doing. 

BUT, let's get to the point.... 

The food is what you're coming here for. The scratch pasta is delicious. The bucatini and clams and linguini were both good, but I recommend the gnocchi osso buco. You can order them in halves, so there is no reason not to.

The oysters are fantastic and the mignonette and horseradish combo is just right. Their origin rotates, so the first time they were sweater and the second time more complex. Both were from various parts of the Chesapeake Bay. I will keep my eyes open for the Chesapeake salt-flats oysters in the future,

The house bread is a must. It's fun - the candle is edible - and taste's like a sophisticated McDonald's Quarter Pounder (candle is beef fat). 

My favorite dish was the duck two ways. One of the most difficult thing to decide is always breast or leg. Here you get both. Breast was rare, leg was falling off the bone, and both were served on delicious buttery grits with some charred carrots. 

I've had a couple other things: an ice cream with coffee for desert, an octopus in mushroom broth, a cheese and pickled goodies plate with spec, all good.

And I'll leave the best for last: an ox-heart tartar on a rice crisp (play on a chicharones) and a fried grouper collar. I think both show up on the tasting menu from time to time. They were flavors you aren't getting elsewhere in Cleveland and were perfectly executed. 

Finally, if you don't get to Trentina as much as you like, I recommend the tasting menu with pairings. That way you get to try some of these more exciting things (like the ox-heart) and have a night of it. But, if you can come down once a month, going a la carte works and is reasonable. And, if you come enough and are pleasant, the kitchen might send out some of these lesser known favorites.笑
The restaurant is beautiful and I love the art but the servers were not so friendly and the food was not as good As the art.笑
Truly outstanding brunch!  A few unique twists on traditional favorites including both a vegetarian and house style eggs Benedict using home made semolina muffins  also spit roast bacon.笑
I give it one star not because the food is not great; but simply the fact that the chef wouldn't let us bring the leftover home.  We had the 12(13?) dishes chef tasting menu and there was just simply too much food, we couldn't finish and we wanted to save room for other stuff; and we asked for boxes and we were told the chef wouldn't let us bring the food home.  In order not to waste our money, we forced down the food so we could continue the next dish.  So we ended up being over-stuffed and we didn't really enjoy our meal.  

We were at Dante's chef table one time and we couldn't finish every course and they were nice enough to let us bring back our leftover so we got to really savor our food the next day. 

I DO NOT recommend chef tasting menu at this restaurant unless you are a big eater; or you want to waste your money.笑
Without a doubt the best bread platter I have ever had. I am often near Trentina and the smells are always making me want to go in for more. My entree did not live up to the hype of the bread platter, but it was an average meal but could use a little more of the deep flavors I was looking for in an Italian meal.笑
Finally a unique Italian dining experience in Cleveland. We started with the grilled fava beans with pecorino and olive oil and then moved on to the sausage and provolone pizza. The pizza dough had clearly been proofed for some time as it had incredible depth in flavor. The homemade sausage was delicious. The favas were beautifully simple.  Next we tried three pasta dishes. All were amazing, but the real stand out was the bucatini with heirloom tomato butter and wine. All of the pastas are homemade and the sauces and ingredients are perfectly paired together with the right pasta shape to carry the sauce. The wine list is amazing--I particularly enjoy their prosecco. To top it all off, the service was impeccable.  We'll be back often.笑
What the eff, Cleveland?  Why does this place only have 3.5 stars??  

I took my father here for his birthday tonight and we loved everything about this place.  The service was engaged and friendly, the dishes were fresh and inventive. It's better than 90% of Italian spots in LA for sure. The Lamb wrapped in baked pizza dough was full of flavor as well as all the veggie dishes we ordered.  The clam spaghetti was so rich and scrumptious that we were licking the plate. 

5+ stars for Trentina.  Support your local culinary geniuses!  This place is great--at least as good as the excellent L'Albatros down the street!-- and we'll be going back!!笑
The Greenhouse Tavern was better. Same chef. This place was trying way too hard. The only thing I remember about it was the toilet. It had a remote control.笑
I LOVE Trentina for any meal. You can eat here for a moderate price or expensive depending on what you're in the mood for. The atmosphere is pretty quiet, chic, elegant and intimate. You'll want a reservation for dinner but brunch you can usually be seated for right away. I've had lots of dishes here and everything has been great. Best Italian in the area, and far more authentic than anything in Little Italy.笑
Overall really great experience. I would absolutely recommend this restaurant. Especially to have something like this in Cleveland. The service was excellent. The ambience was great and the overall presentation and creativeness of the food and drinks were really enjoyable. I'm honestly writing this review because I can't wait to go back and hope maybe they will take my suggestions so that next time it can be an almost perfect experience. So I have 3 negatives. 

*Some of the dishes were very under seasoned. I'm not sure if that's the chef's choice but at least three dishes we all said could've used more pepper and definitely way more salt. 
*The fish course had a really bad fishy taste to it. It was almost inedible for me. 
*We went there to celebrate a milestone birthday and I told the restaurant about it and they did nothing for it. I wasn't expecting much but at least a candle in the dessert? Was very disappointed by that.笑
I've been here twice with my folks and each time it was very nice. The pizzas are amazing and I love the outdoor, brick pizza oven behind the restaurant because then you can smell the delicousness in the air (although I'm not sure how that works in the winter or when it rains). They really should have the oven in the front or something so people can watch their food being made. But anyways, they're really good. They aren't the biggest, but the crust is incredible and super thin and crispy like it's supposed to be. The second time we went I had the "Lulu's Not Linguini and Clams" pasta and my folks had another pizza and the "Wood Fired Golden Beet Salad" which they said was really delicious. 

The restaurant itself is very small. And parking is a nightmare around here. And the second time we were here our waiter was a bit too overbearing (which is usually not the problem when you go out to eat) but he was pleasant and probably just doing what he was instructed to do. 

We'll be back.笑
This is a destination restaurant for hard-core foodies, not for those looking for a quick, big, cheap meal.

My wife and I came here for our anniversary and did the 12 course tasting menu.  Everything we had ranged from very good to wonderful.  The service was friendly, warm, knowledgeable, attentive, and fun.  We had a great experience.

In service, in style, and in food, this is as close as we get to a fine, upscale, European restaurant.  

But a couple of warnings.  This is a very pricey restaurant.  For the two of us, with the tasting menu and a total of five glasses of wine, it was about $300.  I think it was worth it (I suspect many people would not), but this is a "treat" restaurant, not an everyday one.

Second, the whole meal took 3 hours.  This is not the place to go before the theater, or if you got a sitter waiting for you.

But if you want a food experience, this is the place to go.笑
I love it here. The food is delicious and fresh and they have a good wine selection. The service is also on point. People are personable, informed about the dishes, and relaxed. The vibe is casual and chic and the space is close and personal.笑
This is one of the best places in the Circle. Reservations are a must. The staff is amazing and the food is superb. The menu changes, so frequent back.笑
The food was fine and what I would expect at a Sawyer restaurant. The service however was far from it. Waited 10 minutes in the entrance alcove for a hostess to sit us. Had to go into the restaurant and into the service area to grab someone to tell them we need to be seated. And we had reservations. During the meal I waited over 10 minutes for my water to be refilled. There were three people working the tables, including the general manager. And there were only four tables seated. So there was no excuse for the level of service we received. Very disappointed, especially with the GM on site on a slow Monday. I was there with a friend from out of town and head talked up the place, and left feeling embarrassed at my selection.笑
Great top to bottom.  We went to celebrate a friend's birthday.  The space is cozy...tables are close together.  At times the noise level fluctuates from quiet to loud depending on your tablemates.  Food was delicious.  Standouts for us were the charcuterie, beet salad, buccatini, and bread for the table.  Tight wine list...Pino Nero was terrific.  Don't drink too much before you make the vertical trek to the bathroom (which is the coolest bathroom in CLE, naturally).  Service was impeccable.  So great to see smaller portion sizes offered for sharing.  No parking option other than meters on the street.  But seriously this was great.笑
First visit was when they opened with a perhaps too ambitious pre fixe menu.  No quality issues just an over shoot for us. Subsequently they have developed a first rate a large carte menu and they've hit their stride in all areas of execution that matter to me. Food quality is uniformly excellent and service is equally impressive. Bravo. My new favorite spot in Cleveland笑
This is a very unique restaurant. It's small and intimate which at first I didn't understand why it was so small but soon after I actually enjoyed it. You must make a reservation! The atmosphere is nice and actually somewhat relaxing. They have some beautiful art on the walls, which I enjoyed looking at. 

As for the food, we had the bread board as an appetizer, a few different breads and 3 different "dippings", one of them being an edible candle that turned into butter! (AWESOME) My favorite bread was the flatbread which was infused with some amazingly fresh herbs. We also ordered the broccoli plate which came topped with anchovies, that too was delicious. 

For dinner, I ordered the heirloom tomato pasta, they make the pasta noodles fresh so I just had to order it. It was delicious and fresh and you can really taste the difference between freshly made pasta and prepackaged pasta that's been sitting in a bag or box like in most restaurants. 

Service was wonderful and they are attentive. Everyone I came in contact with from the minute I walked in was beyond pleasant. 

One thing: their soft drink menu does not offer diet products, and they do not offer Splenda, only brown sugar, which may be a concern to any diabetic. 

Overall, I would come back here again. :)笑
We found Trentina nestled beautifully into the Northern edge of the university. I suppose it helps to go on a perfect summer day because the experience was just idyllic. It was regional Italian cuisine, brought to you by the regional Ohio community. It really showcased the diversity and quality of the local farms.

To describe the dishes, I would say they did a great job of modernizing rustic fare. The ingredients really shone on each dish. Every element-be it meat, veggie, or other- on all our dishes were cooked perfectly, and they packed so much flavor. I enjoyed going through each component; however, this strength was also the cause of some disappointment. I definitely felt there could have been more attention to the harmony of the ingredients (within a dish) so that they weren't competing so much with each other for the limelight.

In any case, the team has a beautiful concept going! It was a great place to getaway from all the concrete of the Cleveland Clinic!笑
In short: Splurge on the Menu Bianca at least once in your life.  Then come back for more amazing food on a very approachable, upscale-casual a la carte menu suitable for anything from evening beer and pizza to a fancy dinner date.  

My wife and I came for the Menu Bianca for our anniversary last year, and it was one of the best meals we'd ever had.  There are at least 12 courses, and yes, they are each very small-- some as small as a bite each-- but in total it adds up to a really full meal even for a big guy.   It *is* more than a little shi shi, and for Cleveland $100 a meal is pretty high.  But for a meal this size with these ingredients and this amount of care, you'd pay a lot more in most other cities.  This compares to the French Laundry in terms of taste and attention to detail.  It's amazing and delicious and you should try it once if you're into gourmet food.  At $40, the pairing was an amazing deal-- a full cocktail, small beer, and the equivalent of three or four full glasses of wine for us.

So, that's the rare, dress-up-nice-and-blow-the-budget option.  The menu, web site, and reviews make it look like this might be the only side to Trentina.  But Trentina has another side.

What isn't obvious is that their a la carte menu is very reasonably priced, approachable, and suitable for a nice casual night out-- particularly on the patio.  It's all still amazing food, hand made and carefully prepared, and as good or better than any other place in town.  Appetizers, salads, crudos, and pizzas are all in the $8-12 range, pastas come in small ($8-9) or full ($16-18) sizes, and mains are in the $21 range.  The market price fish was $28.  This is absolutely stunning for locally sourced, fresh, chef-prepared dishes.  Did I mention Jonathan Sawyer is a James Beard awarded chef? 

We got the grilled broccoli and salmon lox for starters, and then the bucatini (small), osso bucco (small), and lasagna for mains.  Service was a little slow to start, and so they surprised us with a free potato saltimbocca pizza.  The wood-fired pizza was really tasty and as good as anything we had in Italy, the pastas were the real star-- particularly the osso bucco.  Lox was amazing, but pretty small.  The broccoli was incredible and complex--I would definitely get this again too.  This amount of food would have fed three people handily (and all for about $60 if we had paid for the pizza).  As it is, we took home half the pizza and lasagna for our lunches tomorrow.

The one negative: cocktails are overpriced and not all that creative.  $14 for mostly standard classics (modified takes on a G&T, old fashioned, Manhattan) with good, but not amazing, ingredients.  Stick to a pretty well-selected wine list, or have a Peroni.

We were way too full to try dessert.  

So, bottom line: Yes, you can come here and drop $300 a couple on an amazing experience that takes hours and is a real gourmet foodie, snobby treat.  And you should.  But you can also come for a plate of amazing, handmade pasta-- or a perfect wood fired pizza-- and a beer, on a casual weeknight dinner out.  No, you won't find huge, Olive Garden style portions with unlimited breadsticks.  But the meals are good sizes for any upscale restaurant.  And whichever kind of night you're having, the service is top notch and doting, as befits any high-end restaurant.

One note: the web site is minimalist and a little daunting. No prices are shown and what looks like the lunch menu from the URL seems to also be the a la carte dinner menu.  Open Table reservations ask for a credit card but don't indicate what will be charged or what the cancellation policy is.  So it can all give off a little if-you-have-to-ask kind of vibe.  Do yourself a favor and call and talk to the host, and they're very accommodating and can explain the menus to you.笑
Our group of six had an outstanding meal at Trentina. We splurged and opted for the 12-course tasting menu with beverage pairing. The food was absolutely delicious and I really appreciated that the final course allowed each of us to revisit our favorite dish. 

Each dish was executed perfectly and plated with great creativity and care - think burning embers atop your pasta or a beef fat candle that melts into a heavenly dip for bread. There was a lot of artistry at work in that kitchen!! While portions on the tasting menu were understandably small, I left feeling just sated enough. I couldn't recommend the tasting menu more if you're willing to pay a premium - it was great fun.

That said, I would not recommend the beverage pairing. The pours were terribly stingy and our glasses were often empty... and really, the pairings didn't add much to the experience. At this price point, that's not really acceptable. Also - while I appreciate service, the staff-to-customer ratio here is borderline excessive. At times it can feel a bit hovery - which was awkward in such a small dining room.

Portions are small and it's all a bit overly fussy, but in the end it was truly a delicious and unique dining experience.