Not worth to go! ordered two tepanyaki dinner sets and it came out with low quality of seafood and very very thin scallops that you can get better ones at the supermarket. 
They survive till now because they have back ups from another restaurant upstairs called Ambassador.笑
The worst restaurant experience for me ever. Especially the service.
We came for tapaniyaki with a group of 4 adults and 2 children. Mostly we wanted kids to be entertained by chef's tricks. 
Basically you choose your base which is miso soup, garden salad, fried rice and fried veggies for $8 and you choose your meat for additional price. I chose shrimps for $10 and my husband chose scallops for $12. So the total for each dish is around $20. Our friends had different kinds of meat and there total for each meal was over $30 which is kind of pricey for such place. 
Miso soup and salad came first. All four of us noticed that it tasted like tap water with chlorine and we decided to let them know about it. Immediately the waitress changed from happy to unhappy and took the soups away. 2 min later they bring another soups and start telling us that there is no chlorine in the soup and they didn't  have a single complain throughout the day and that miso is suppose to taste like it (like its the first time we had miso). It was very unpleasant already that they blamed us. The second soup was not better then the first but we ate it. Salad was also tasteless. Lettuce was watery and the dressing tasted like nothing. 
Then the chef started making tapaniyaki, he was actually nice and tried to interact with the table. I don't know why but they cooked meats first and put it on our plates to eat. My 6 shrimps and my husband's 4 scallops looked very lonely on a plate.  We ate it like a tiny appetizer when it supposed to be a main dish. At that point I already knew I would leave that place hungry. Then a chef started frying veggies, again, he put it in everyone's plate, a tiny amount less then a palm of a hand, plus the veggies were not salty enough, we had to add soy souse. And again 10 min later he was frying the rice. All of a sudden he added meat into the rice. It wasn't mentioned  in the menu, since me and my husband don't eat meat. First we thought it might be for other people, but then he divided it into small bowls (like miso soup bowls) and handed it to everyone. The bowl wasn't even full, there were literally 4 tbsps of rice in it. 
I called the waitress and told her about the meat. She started giving me attitude right away saying that we didn't warn them about it. I said that it didn't say in the menu. She tried to convince me that it did and then nervously took a menu book just to find out that is said nothing about the meat. And she asked if we want the chef to make a new one for us. 
At that point I was too devastated to pay $8 for crappy miso and salad and 4 tbsps of rice. And of course with their attitude. I said that we want to cancel $8 base, only because it was horrible. She immediately went to a manager and came back telling us that they will cancel it. 
So there were 2 additional bowls of rice on the table what we didn't touch and she started taking it away from the table. My friend said to leave it because she and her child eat meat. The waitress said that they didn't pay for that rice. God, so unprofessional. They didn't even try to save the situation. 
When we got the bill, there were $10 for 6 shrimps, $12 for 4 scallops and they included $5 for 2 salads. When I started telling her about the salads that we cancelled she told me that we ate them regardless of the fact that they were pretty bad. We paid $31 in total and left absolutely hungry.
I've been in bad places before, but at least after paying $30 I was more or less full.笑
What A SORDID S%^$ HOLE EXCUSE OF A RESTAURANT! 

The ONLY reason this place is getting a single star is because of the chef who cooked and was pleasant and his culinary teppanyaki skills were alright-was tipped $20 separately before he left. Now onto why you should avoid this place:

1. Hovering around certain "selected" customers for their order decisions is plain annoying, rude and unpleasant! How about giving us A F&^%$#* minute for our group to decide! 

2. Not changing out dishes frequently (waited 15 minutes and just gave up as no one passed by).

3. Toilets were missing disposable seat covers and for crying out loud the restaurant was in its first hour of opening service! 

4. Taste of food was ridiculously salty and over seasoned. When the food was asked to be served without heavy seasoning this SUPPOSED "wagyu - Angus Beef" was criminal because real Wagyu Beef tastes nothing like the shit they had served us! This meat served DOES NOT REMOTELY COME CLOSE to the quality of real wagyu meat that they would serve IN JAPAN (as majority in our group just came back from there) or match the quality of any other restaurant serving Canadian steak/meats! 

5. They failed to tell my group what was being served so we could not track things!

6. They missed two items off our order that were added as additions. Additionally, when the servers overheard they walked quickly out of the room instead of correcting things. Also, they did not provide the real dessert options included in our menu set-SHOW ME THE F^&%ING Créme brûlée you cheap S.O.B's!!! 

7. Charging wrong items to our bill, which needed to be amended! 

8. For their over priced "quality of service" and "food" was GROSSLY mismatched. 

9. UNCALLED behaviour when paying the bill. FOR A FACT there was NO WRITTEN CONTRACTUAL NOTICE FOR A MANDATORY SERVICE CHARGE for tips. If you are wondering if there were any verbal notice or forewarning, THERE WAS NONE (from booking, seating or during the "hovering" ordering process! FOR SUCH RUBBISH AND A MOST DESPICABLY UNPLEASANT EXPERIENCE THEY DID NOT DESERVE A TIP-we were going to leave 8% still! IN GOOD FASHION OF RIDICULOUS BEHAVIOUR THE WAITER HAD THE GULL TO SAY OH NO THERE IS A MANDATORY SERVICE CHARGE OF 10% IN A MANNER THAT WAS LIKE PUTTING A GUN TO OUR HEADS, CONDESCENDING AND LOUDLY FOR OTHER TABLES TO HEAR!!!

AVOID THIS PIECE OF F%$^ING RUBBISH S#$% OF A SORRY EXCUSE OF JAPANESE CULINARY FOOD!!!笑
Would recommend this place for Teppanyaki!!! Place hasn't changed much over the years. The chefs are good, they didn't do much tricks tho.. 

Favourite item is the Beef Unagi Goose Liver roll on the Teppanyaki table.. It just melts in your mouth, OMG!!

Nice atmosphere and good service.笑
Surf and turf teppanyaki is $130 (after tax and tip) for 3 people. Each person got:
A small slice of salmon
Some cuttlefish
2 scallops
A bit of beef
Chicken
Veggies and fried rice
1 scoop of ice cream

The food was good, but not worth $130 imo :(

Service was good and the chef was very friendly笑
One of the top places for Teppanyaki in Toronto f not the best. The portions are generous and the cooks are entertainiWeekends are very busy with parties.笑
With vague instructions in hand, I exited the Toronto Sheraton and wandered through what looked like China in hopes of finding a recommended sushi restaurant.  Ten minutes later, I was certain I hadn't found it, but I did find Akasaka, and that was more than enough.  On its surface, Akasaka didn't look particularly special, but it was late and I hadn't eaten since morning, not accounting two biscuits and a pack of sesame snacks I had on the plane which made my burps smell like Shanghai in a heat wave.  

 I was visiting Toronto and had no cab.  My limo driver (they called it that--which apparently translates to any black four-door Lincoln with window tinting and climate control) had raced me from the airport faster than Buckaroo Banzai in his rocket truck (the speed limit on Ontario roads being Mach 1), allowing me to check in just after 9 pm.  My options were limited without transport.  

 I expected Akasaka to rush me through my meal, but what I ended up discovering was a sushi restaurant with the best service I ever had in such an establishment.  Oh sure, sometimes a sushi chef will show off some fancy knife work, but more often than not, sushi restaurants ignore their patrons after serving them food,  The staff of Akasaka were genuinely agreeable.  

 Full disclosure, I am a large white man dressed well; not sure if that matters.  

 Not only was my tea filled four times, but they continued to do so after I had paid.  When the chef handed me the plate from across the bar, he explained what each of the pieces were.  The menu itself was large and chaotic.  It was difficult to find what I wanted.  Their "new-wave" maki got my attention by the bizarre and beautiful plates offered, including one which was called, I kid you not, the "gozzilla roll".  Another one had gold flakes on it.  In the end, I opted for the chef's platter which splendidly boasted that by ordering it, I'm was at the chef's whim.  The last time I did that, it was 2007, Hong Kong, and the bill ended up at $300 (and it gave me food poisoning).  Thankfully, this one's prices were fixed and eighteen pieces later, along with a soup, salad, an additional added cone, I was full and content.  At $40 with tip, it was well worth the experience.  I didn't think I could still be surprised with sushi, but Akasaka managed to pull one over on me by offering two pieces of sashimi called kuzunoko--basically a sashimi made by pressing herring into a bed of roe.  Had to look that one up.  On the subject of décor, Alaskaka (darnit, I knew I'd screw that up) was a typical high-end sushi restaurant, meaning it looked better than every sushi place in my home town.  And here's another shock, Akasaka cuts their rolls and nigiri bite-sized...what...a...concept.  So it must be only my stupid town that failed to read the memo.  It's becoming a trend that no matter where I travel to, I have to sample sushi for no other reason than to just prove that the way my home town does it is wrong.  It reminds me what good sushi is really like, and that those in my home town shouldn't settle for less.

 And yet, I know there must be better in Toronto.  I mean, there must be--what are the odds I just managed to stumble upon the best the city had to offer.  Unlikely, but if you are in the area--wherever the hell I am, cause I never looked at a map (Toronto is somewhat general)--check this little jewel out.

Food:  4/5
Service:  5/5
Presentation:  3/5
Value:  4/5
Recommendation:  4/5笑
Akasaka Japanese Restaurant has been around for a long long time. They must be doing something right in order to survive in this era of AYCE Japanese food.

This review is based on my lunch experience.

The restaurant is nicely decorated in traditional Japanese theme. I was welcomed warmly by the wait staffs and seated in a nice table for 1 with nice thick cushioned chairs.

Their lunch specials starting at $9 with miso salad and salad. You can also have teppanyaki starting for $10 that includes icecream too.

I opted for the executive sushi lunch special ($13) which includes 6 pieces of sushi, 6 pieces of maki and 1 salmon handroll.  The presentation was great.. I like the way how my salmon handroll was presented in a shooter glass (btw, makes me feel like having a shooter). The rice was all nice cooked with a nice mix of vinager in it. The fish were all fresh..

The services were fast and attentive. My teacup never empty, always refilled without asking. There were 4 wait staffs working the lunch shifts and 3 people working at the sushi counter. I imagine there were more people working at the back kitchen too! This is the most staffed Japanese restaurants I have been to in the area!

BTW, the only beef I have is the staffs were talking really loud among themselves in Chinese... around me, behind me, in front of me. I know most of the clients here are non Chinese speaking but that really affect the atmospthere. Especially funny when they all pretended they are Japanese.

A little expensive for lunch compare to other places but their teppanyaki seems like a good deal for $10 and their quality of food and services are excellent!

They accepts all credit cards!笑
Akasaka been in this plaza for ages.  The decor here is very nice - they have a Teppanyaki and a dining area.  We decided not to go for Teppanyaki and I am not a big fan of it.  The quality and presentation is good but that comes with a steep premium compare to other Japanese restaurants.  There was only 2-3 other tables at the place on a Friday night. I am not sure how they stay in business all these years.  Wait staff was friendly and attentive as well.

Rating:

Service: 4/5
Food Quality: 4/5
Comfort 3/5
Decor  4/5
Value: 2/5
Parking: 4/5笑
I went here for a birthday party and the food and staff were excellent. We ordered the set menu for four, it included lobster, tiger shrimp, scallops, king crab, and chicken. Everything was delicious! The staff were amazing, our waitress was always there to refill our drinks and ensure we were relaxed and taken care of. Will be back笑
Authentic sushi by a true sushi chef.  If the chef isn't trained you're just eating raw fish. 

I highly recommend this place.  Make reservations if you can. Lots of parking so this is a plus. 

They have Teppanyaki tables if you're so inclined.  

Favorite dishes of mine include the soft shell crab and any of the boats. 

Uni is on the menu here too. Most raw fish restos don't offer this.笑
This place is fantastic. The staff is good and for a sushi restaurant I was a bit surprised at the quality of service but then soon realized it was a 'fine dining' restaurant even though it fell short of the fine dining experience it was definitely a pleasant surprise for a quick lunch time run. 

Sushi was great. Brown rice substitution at a charge was happily offered. Perhaps I will return for the teppanyaki!笑
The food and service were ok, but the chef never spoke to us once ! He just stood there and like a robot cooked the food. I used to go here all the time and the chef's were amazing...lots of tricks and showmanship. I will not be returning. Very disappointing !!!!!笑
I've been to Akasaka twice. The first time was a pleasant experience to my recollection, but the second experience was horrendous - largely ruined due to the ABYSMAL service.

This was for Mother's Day weekend, so understandably the service may suffer a bit to account for more incoming business. But you have some basic expectations as a patron, and none of those were met.

I'll get to the food first. The portions were fine, and but the chef was fairly average. The angus steak didn't have much flavor, even though it's fairly well marblized. Flavor was on the lighter side in general. He burned up some of the onions served - it seemed like he was in a rush, so likely the heat was on too high. A lot of teppenyaki restaurant chefs would do light performances (setting onions on fire, flipping rice bowls) and the first time we tried Akasaka, the chef we had did put on a performance which was pretty cool, but no luck this time. 

Now, if the service was adequate I would have rated this visit 3 stars if I wanted to even it out based on a better prior experience (or if yelp allowed me, 2.5), but what really stood out was the TERRIBLE service. We were stuck in traffic and we called in advance to let the restaurant know we'll be 10mins late (normally places hold the reservation for you up to 15mins, so we're just being courteous). Right at the ten min mark, I receive a phone call inquiring about our reservation (even though we called ahead - and I was literally in the parking lot outside of the restaurant).

The waitress tells us we're late, rushes us to our seats, and tells us we need to be out in 1.5hrs. She is hovering over us as we look at our menus... as if to pressure us into making an immediate decision. She's asking us for our orders within our first minute of looking at the menus. We had to specifically ask her to leave to give us a bit of time to decide (and really, we only took a few mins).

When we started to order, I noted to her that I would like onions to be excluded from my beef fried rice (this has been done before in my last visit, and all my other visits at other teppenyaki restaurants). She immediately goes "no we can't do that, there's no time the chef won't do it". Seriously lady? Look if you said it in a nicer tone like "let me check with the chef" or "that might not be possible given time, let me ask him", I'd be cool with that, but she very rudely goes "NO, we cannot do that, no" in a very terse tone. I turned to the chef on the other side of the table and asked him if what I'm asking for is possible and he goes "yeah, that's really easy, no problem". 

That's not the end of it, the entire night she's doing all these little things to rush us along - collecting plates too quickly (when there was still clearly food on it), or providing really shitty service, like reaching for the tea cups from behind your head (both rude and dangerous). She also, in her haste to clean up and rush us, dropped some plates and spilled a tea cup. 

Maybe the chef sensed our displeasure, because some other guy comes over to clean our plates makes a big show and says something like "we really appreciate your service, we really like that you've been so courteous". Absolute bullshit, and incredibly patronizing. If they were sincere and genuinely concerned about providing a good experience, they'd have the manager come up to apologize (not some other staff member). And for all her rushing, she took forever to get the machine to us (she also hovered over me while I'm paying the bill, and instead of giving me my receipt right away, runs off with the receipt). We finished our meal within the hour. This was a terrible experience. 

I hope that this is a one off situation and that she isn't like this to other customers. But regardless, we're not coming here again.笑
Took my family there expecting a Benihana like experience at the table grill, but our cook didn't perform any tricks. I was very disappointed, but thought it was just the way it is at this place. 
Then, as we were leaving, the same guy started cooking for a different table and doing a real show. We asked the waiter about it and he referred us to the owner, who explained that we should have asked for the performance. 
We inquired whether the other customers were paying more and he said no - so instead of disappointed I'm now feeling insulted for paying the same, not cheap, for a totally different level of service.
The owner said we should ask for the performance next time - as if there was going to be one. I live nearby and would have loved to start taking friends to Akasaka regularly, but they have just lost my business.笑
Have taken numerous groups many times to this wonderful teppanyaki restaurant over the past couple months

Everyone is always very complimentary

Good is great, quick and tasty.... Though I would like to see the food purposes so the items are served closer together (when possible).

Also, at other teppanyaki restaurants I was generally given a ginger sauce or seafood sauce which I greatly miss at this location.

For the price, you can not go wrong!

Wonderful.笑
I came here for Teppanyaki. All five of us ordered the A5 Wagyu Duet (they made it so that it's for 5). 

First came the soup and salad. Tasted good, as it should. 4.5/5
Lobster Claw Cappuccino. A tempura-like lobster claw with a soup/dipping for the claw. Very tasty. 5/5
Live lobster - Good, but a bit too chewy. 4/5
Wagyu - Angus Beef Roll - Inside was wagyu, with angus beef wrapped outside. Wagyu was juicy, but angus beef was not. Still very good. 4.5/5.
Salmon Fillet and Portabella Mushroom - were ok. Nothing to write home about. 3.5/5
A5 Wagyu Striploin - This was of course the star of the show. Very tender beef with the melt in your mouth goodness. Ultra delicious. 5/5
Fried Rice - Nothing special
Cappuccino Creme Brulee - Good taste but did not have a thick crunchy layer of caramel. 4/5

Good service with tea refills. The chef also knew his audience (we were a party of 5 who didn't care for a big interactive show like the table across from us). Total came to about $105 per person (pricey!).

For this visit - Excellent meal:
Quality: 9/10 (Wagyu 10/10). Value: 8/10. Service 9/10. Overall: 9/10 (not an average)

I would have given it 5 stars, but However I remember the last time I was here, about a year ago, they sold me this $18 Uni sushi from Hokkaido that was extremely small and underwhelming. I mean, it was decent, but not good enough, in terms of quality or size. From my experiences, sushi here hasn't really won me over at all.笑
I'm giving Akaska a solid 3 stars for providing a decent meal despite being a tad too pricey. While they  don't​ do anything exceptionally well, to have that interaction and seeing your food cooked in front of you is a unique experience/nice treat.

The teppanyaki menu seems a bit deceptive so I just ended up getting a $31 set combo for simplicity's sake - which included your meats, salad, miso soup, fried rice, veggies, and ice cream for an all-inclusive meal. But you're able to create-your-own, and pick the proteins of your liking.

I really enjoyed the shrimp which were lightly seasoned. A sesame and a sweet sauce were also provided which complimented them well. I also liked the teriyaki chicken with the crispy onions and the salmon filet was breaking apart in a good way. I was a tad disappointed with the filet Mignon, which was cooked with garlic slices, soy sauce, and butter. It lacked taste and the beef just wasn't as tender as I would have liked it. Fried rice was decent and I really appreciated the fact there was veggies served as well.

If you're going to decide between the beef or the chicken/salmon set meals, go with the latter. Not only do they taste better, you also get more. 

Service was really good here - tea was refilled frequently, and the waitresses really did a good job. No complaints at all.笑
This place does not look like much from the outside, but inside its decor is actually quite nice and stylish. Management should really refresh the outdoor facade to match the interior, or it gives people the wrong impression and they won't go in.

I was here last weekend with a surprise party for one of my friends. We also had a baby in our party and they were very accommodating by supplying a high chair and plastic utensils for the baby.

First off, let me say that the service was really quite good. Staff were not only on point with bringing items, taking plates off the table and re-filling water glasses, but provided good interaction and knew how to handle infants.

The chef in particular was very nice and very entertaining. Quite a chatty guy, but we were a chatty bunch, so it fit us well. Not sure how he is with a quieter crowd, but I bet he adapts to the situation. He had us try our hands at flipping eggs and cooking on the surface, which was very nice. Did not do many of your usual Teppanyaki tricks, but he more than made it up in charisma. He was also good with kids and made sure to entertain the baby as well.

And of course, my friend got the birthday treatment with the candle, Japanese sword and full dress.

I would recommend this place based on the service alone.

The food was great and well done, chef prepared it just how we wanted it, especially the beef, based on taste. The only let-down was the Miso soup, which tasted a bit like metal. Might be that they used different ingredients than other places or the pot was not properly initiated and imparted taste. It also was not very hot. If they can fix that, they're golden.

In conclusion, I would recommend this place, and would come back again. I'd give it 5 stars if it were not for the miso soup and the facade.

Good place for Teppanyaki. Not the cheapest, but then again Teppanyaki is never cheap. So bring lots of cash. Worth the price for food quality and service.笑
I came here for their cheap and well known lunch special. Although the meal was very reasonably priced (Chicken Terriyaki for $12) and it came with a lot of food, the quality was just not good....I would not even pay half the price for it.
It first comes with green tea, then 4 tiny sushis that looked and tasted like they have been out in kitchen for a while..kinda soggy and soft....The chicken terriyaki part was fun, the chef put on a nice show, but the taste and texture along with the plain veggies were just not good. The best part of the meal is probably the dessert. Highly recommend the ginger ice cream!笑
Tried the tasting menu here. The sushi was super fresh and tasted great. However, all the cooked foods on the tasting menu weren't very good. I would go back for just the sushi.笑
I am a fan!
My friends took me here twice: the first time, I was like "meh, another so called Sushi Restaurant." The second time I suggested to go here because the sushi rolls are cheap and delicious. 
The waitress remembers my orders from the first time I came and brings me more ginger :)
I would like to go next time for the teppanyaki.笑
Still excellent after all these years!  I used to eat here at least once per week when my office was in Richmond Hill.  I even had Akasaka cater a couple of my business events.  Is it rude that the host (me) ate most of the sushi I had ordered for my guests?

Recently, I wound up spending more time in RH, and one day my craving for sushi got the best of me.  I stopped in for lunch and found my favourite Executive Sushi combo was still on the menu.  In fact, not a lot had changed--still a few teppan tables with artistic chefs, a sushi bar, tatami rooms, and a nice field of tables, all tastefully done.  This is a classier than most place for a nice business lunch.

I was greeted by waitresses that knew me from over 5 years ago.  There is a lot to be said for a restaurant that has low staff turnover.  I was quickly seated, and ordered my sushi combo.  After 5 years, the quality had not slipped a bit.  The sushi was thick, generous and fresh.   The Rainbow Roll was one of the best I have had in a long time.  With the flavourful Miso soup and Asian salad, it was a completely enjoyable meal.

Chef David Chung still has the chops, and keeps my attention.  And continues to hold my tastebuds hostage...笑
Average Japanese restaurant.  Book the party room for 20 people max!笑
This restaurant has been around for a long time but it was only recently that I visited for the teppanyaki table dinner. It took several attempts to book to secure a reservation for 5 people. Make sure you book a week or more ahead! They fill up fast. 

When we arrived, we were seated down and given menus to browse. They have a lot of combination dinners for you to choose from, which includes soup, salad, vegetables, 3 protein items, beef fried rice, and finished off with ice cream. All five of us ended up deciding on the scallops, chicken, and steak. All of us enjoyed the meal. We felt everything was cooked perfectly, nothing over/under cooked. The meat was tender and flavorful. Our chef chatted with us while he cooked and he was quite funny. There was no crazy tricks and it isn't done like a "show" like other teppan places but it was still enjoyable and worth getting a table for. Definitely a place to come for some good ol table side teppanyaki!笑
I had never been to Teppanyaki prior to coming here, but I heard they put on a show while cooking with knives and fire. For $25 (Chicken & Salmon dinner), it wasn't too bad so I gave it a shot.

My group shared a table with a couple. Across from us was a family celebrating a birthday. They had their own chef, and we had ours. 

The chef cooks up all the food in front of you with fires and oils and stuff. He let us take pictures while he was preparing the food, and even informed us when he was about to set stuff ablaze. Fun! 

All of the menu options come with miso soup, salad, some stir fried veggies and fried rice. The option I chose included chicken, salmon, and tiger shrimp. All of it was delicious, and the show just adds to the appeal.

I'm told that our show was quite tame compared to some other teppanyaki chefs. I have nothing else to compare it to though, so this was a nice meal and a good show, all for a little over $30 after tax and tip. 

If you haven't been to a teppanyaki restaurant before, this place is great. Nice environment too.笑
i have been to this place two times already and gotta say, they have pretty good food. 

the first time i went here i got the angus beef ramen with the hell spicy soup base (the server told us that it was gonna be REALLY SPICY so my mom was like pls make it less spicy). i also got the snow crab California rolls or something along those lines. the ramen was pretty bomb however it was a bit too salty (idk if it's because they removed the spiciness or what but yeah) the noodles were up to par to my standards and yeah overall very good. i found it incredibly hard to finish though because they gave me SO MUCH RAMEN like damn akasaka you guys are very generous with your ramen LOL anyways so yeah by the time my sushi arrived i was like dear god HOW THE HELL AM I GONNA FINISH THIS i managed to eat all of it (it was alright, i felt like the crab tasted quite weird with the coconut shreds?!) oh my mom got the black pork ramen (BLACK PORK WAS SOMETHING I WANTED TO TRY FOR SO LONG AFTER WATCHING THE SONG TRIPLETS EAT THEM ANYWAYS) it was pretty yummy

the second time i went i got the angus beef ramen again (THIS TIME WITH THE HELL SPICY SOUP BASE), a sake raspetini, and an a5 wagyu beef dish with assorted mushrooms

this time the ramen tasted hella bomb. not too salty like last time. the beef tasted really good as well and i managed to finish it all unlike last time (prob because i was hella hungry) one thing that disappointed me was the fact that it was not spicy at all. like its nothing compared to how spicy the servers said it was LOL ..anyways the sake raspetini ain't bad. literally tasted like the blue flavoured ice cream Popsicle by nestle with a bit of alcohol in it (I could legit make it myself this very moment; doesn't need to be $9) next the beef tasted rly good. literally melts in your mouth. it was $58 for just 3oz (I KNOW RIGHT MY MOOONEY) but the server did tell us that it was the highest quality (A5 is supposedly the highest so meh) 

so yeah yall ramen/sushi/japanese food lovers should come here. pretty bomb ass food oh and btw they do have a pretty high class menu just saying and they also do teppanyaki as well笑
Food was decent. Waitress was very rude. We pleasantly asked for additional cups and she she walked away after giving us attitude (having to go back for a second time).

Presentation of cooking by the chefs was exaggerated. Seemed overly exasperated and didn't add the wow factor they were looking for.笑
Been here twice and both times were awesome. Service is great and food is delicious; prices are little on the expensive side, but definitely fresh and worth trying. The outside doesn't seem like much, and parking can be difficult, but it's very cozy inside.

We came on a Monday night and it was pretty much full. Teppanyaki was packed, not that we wanted that option, just saying.

We got a sashimi platter that came with high quality fish - salmon belly, uni, toro, ebi - it also came with a side of oysters. We also go the $20 wagyu plate, and a $15 fried rice - they were good, but we'd skip it next time. :) We also got two of their special toro handroll; no idea how much they were, but they were good! The best part was, it wasn't packed with 80% rice. Rice and fish ratio was perfect.

This is definitely one of the better Chinese-owned Japanese restaurants.笑
This is a good spot for birthday celebrations.  We usually come here every other year for someone's birthday. It's your typical Teppanyaki place that's been westernized and is run by Chinese.  You can expect to pay around $30 per person plus tax and tip. 

You can choose from a combination of meats and seafood such as steak, chicken, fish, shrimp, etc. They also serve them with sashimi or sushi. 

You sit around the grill as the chef prepares your meats, veggies and fried rice in front of you.  The fun factor is the chef tries to keep you engaged and entertained. For example, he will likely invite you to try and lift up and crack open a spinning egg using his spatula. The cracked eggs are then used to fry up with the fried rice. 

The fun factor is watching your food cooked one dish at a time and served fresh to your plate.  The chefs are also pretty skillful with their knives and spatulas. 

Overall I usually leave more than satisfied and the food is above average. Just don't expect anything too fancy.笑
This restaurant existed for almost 20 years, or even more and it's always been the go-to Japanese restaurant uptown for a while. The fish was super fresh for the boat and service was very good as well. The regular food was so-so, nothing too great, and not sure if it's worth the price.笑
This place never disappoints .  Service is outstanding and the food cannot get any better when it comes to  teppanyaki.  I've been here with both family and a friends night out. The sushi is also fresh. The cooks here know what they are doing.笑
Very nice tappenyaki tables. However it is a tad expensive but excellent service. Ask for Mike and he will give you a good show. Been here twice and it is always a blast like the rest. I hope to come here soon so that we can have a good show. There needs to be more restaurants like these in markham.笑
If you want reasonable price Teppenyaki this is the price to come. Teppenyaki is expensive in general in my opinion.. But the price for this place is alright and the quality of food is good. Love how you can substitute salmon to cod fish. The service and Teppenyaki cook is all very friendly and entertain you throughout the night. 

If it's your birthday they have a special Japanese costume for you to wear lol笑
Don't be fooled by the storefront! it's a different world inside!

I have been passing by this place without giving it a chance due to the way the storefront looks like (not very appealing). My friend told me that this is his favorite place and that he always eats there so I trusted him and went to check it out.

I ordered their Sashimi supreme lunch special. Sashimi here was fresh and tasty. Best I ever had so far. Comes with miso soup, rice and green tea with refills. Wonderful restaurant, great deals for lunch, great service. Doesn't get better than this. Free WiFi!

Moral of the story: don't judge a restaurant by its storefront.笑
we had the teppanyaki option! 

Yesssss I can have japanese food everyday! This place hasn't changed a bit the food is still really and the service is also up to standard. But they ran out of lobster!!!!! We only had 2 instead of 4. I guess if you really wanted your lobster, make sure you order it before hand. 

I've been celebrating my birthday here forever, they used to make you wear the little japanese hat with a fan and then you can actually cook eggs, and the chef will do some tricks! They don't do this anymore! The chef barely talked to us, they used to have a full convo with us, and I actually find that really enjoyable - I find it odd that he just cooks and I eat. At least say something.... 

Also, the chef will normally tell you to get your camera ready when he's about to set food on fire, he didn't even warn us! Next time I know flame was in my face. 

We got the 4 people combo with lobster, chicken, salmon, shrimp, fired rice and dessert. I was pretty full! 

The food is still really good, but I guess I'm just so used to the old style when they used to interact with their guests!笑
I have been regularly going to this restaurant for about 10 years.  Their quality is steadily declining.

Last night I ordered ramen with pork bone soup.  I have had it before and it was good.  This time, the soup tasted like water, I kept adding salt and Japanese spices.  In the end, I requested they changed the soup.  It was a bit better, but still, substandard.

I wouldn't go back for sure.笑
I'll rate Akasaka Japanese Restaurant 3.5/5 stars. I came here as a group of 4 for the teppanyaki dinner. I think service was good in general except for that one woman on the phone when I was trying to book a table. She said (rudely) the place was too full to accommodate our group but when I called again and a man picked up, he gave us a table right away.. very strange.. I'd definitely recommend calling and booking early!

Highlights from the teppanyaki dinner:
* Black Cod (my all time favourite dish at ANY teppanyaki - I need to know how to marinated the cod fish like they do!)
* Beef cubes
* Beef & Enoki wrap 
* Shrimps (very fresh!)
* Fried rice (I usually need to pack this because of how full I am at the end of the meal)

Usually the chefs does a lot of table tricks during the meal, the chef I'd recommend here is Ken! He wasn't there when I visited Akasaka restaurant last time but hopefully he still works there.. He's really good!笑
Would never go there again. Went for sisters bday. Arranged to have them sing. Nobody did. Food was Ok but not worth the price. The chef did not do a show as all tappenyaki places do and the waitress even said "show time". Chef never spoke to us. Would never recommend this place. It was empty when we went.笑
This place is the best Japanese restaurant in the area. I love Japanese food, and the food here is better than from where I am from, California. The quality is exceptional and the service is terrific. They constantly asked how I was doing. I came here for teppanyaki and  sushi because I love this restaurant. Definitely recommend this place if you're a Japanese cuisine lover.笑
I remember going to the one at Empress 10 years ago and had a fabulous teppanyaki for $50. 10 years later and the great teppanyaki is still $50pp.

Dinner for 4, includes shrimp, chicken, scallops, lobster, king crab, steak, beef fried rice and veggies. This is for $198.

I've also had the Dinner for 2, includes shrimp, chicken, scallops, lobster, beef rolls, beef fried rice and veggies for $82. The beef rolls were seared sirloin with some garlic on inside that was fantastic!

The chefs, it seems they do tricks for kids mostly. If you're a group of adults, hardly any tricks.

The service was decent, although they are all Chinese so I guess it really isn't Japanese authentic. But I'd say the food was great. Comes with ice cream as well, opt for the ginger, you won't regret.笑
Read as 3.5

Edit: Note that this place is fairly difficult to find/get a good parking spot for!

Came here as a party of 10 for a celebratory teppanyaki dinner. We ordered a few set meals and I do believe the total came out to the about $350-$400.

The chef was engaged and amusing throughout the dinner and did a few tricks here and there, nothing too special, just about what you would expect at a teppanyaki dinner.

Three main things that stood out from the dinner was a) scallops b) "silver snow" fish c) lamb.  These were all cooked to perfection (not too raw or too well done, just enough to get its flavours and textures out right). 

Their ingredients are all very fresh and the quality of their food is definitely top-notch.  The price is definitely much higher than your average sushi restaurant and even higher than other teppanyakis out there. 

Atmosphere and decor were a typical high-end Japanese restaurant.  The service was good, with frequent tea refills.  Overall, a good restaurant, but likely more suited for occasional celebrations than frequent meals here!笑
My review is only for non-sushi items. I will return for the sushi dishes at the next visit.
My hubby had the pork cutlet udon noodles with curry broth ($1 extra for curry broth); it was delicious and portion was large. I had the seafood ramen, spicy broth. Ramen was tasty and the broth was delish.
I really enjoyed the Aged-dashi tofu appetizer. It outer shell was nice and crispy while the inside is soft, fresh tofu. You get 4 large pieces for $5.
Our friends had sushi and said that it was fresh.

Overall, we enjoyed the food; price is decent (not cheap but not too crazy expensive). But I had to knocked off the star because of customer service. Service was lacking; there were 4 of us and we did not get served at the same time. My noodle was brought out first and it was almost cold by the time my friends got their food. And the 4th person didn't get her sushi until we were more than half way through our meal. The server did not look happy when I asked to kindly check on my friends food.笑
I loved this place! Went here for a surprise party for a friend, and they were very helpful to get the surprise done right, by dimming the lights. 
The chef was very entertaining. He let us try our hand at the grill, flipping the eggs and other tricks. 
The food was delicious, had the surf and turf. 
They even had a guy to make a balloon hat for the birthday boy, and when the ice cream came along, they had a costume for the birthday boy as well. 
They were very friendly and definitely worth the visit.笑
I thought this place was going to be a mid end restaurant given the price of their food but it's just overpriced. I ordered a set dinner which ended up around $30 and all i got was an equivalent to a cheap lunch special you can get at a cheap japanese restaurant. I got chicken and beef teriyaki make dinner. The food was nothing special and the portions were small. Heck, there wasn't even enough soy sauce for the table - the jars are the size of salt shakers. 

Our table ordered the food at the same time, yet all our food came at different times leaving some of us staring at the other while theyre eating. Not to mention, the food was slow to come to begin with.

For the price i paid for, i rather head to The Keg for a big juicey steak.笑
The Sushi Chef/owner, David is wonderful! The service is always very quick and pleasant, and the food is always delicious and fresh.笑
Overpriced, small portions, and plain food. We came here expecting really good food, especially seeing that there's some decent reviews here. Maybe they're better for lunch since a majority of reviews are referring to lunch. The dinner is horrible and not worth the price we paid. We got a dinner combo for $27 and it came with 3 beef ribs, a small handful of bland vegetables and a small portion of beef teriyaki. 

I came with two other people and all our food came at different times. By the time I was done my dinner, my brother was still waiting for his! He basically had to watch us eat while he salivated at our food (not because it smelled good but because he was starving to death).

When he got his unagi don, it was the size of a small jewellery box. Needless to say, he left hungry. For $18 for a tiny bowl of rice, it's definitely not worth it.

Given the experience, we won't be coming back.笑
I have a strict rule, I don't eat sushi restaurants where the owners are Chinese ... but I break the rule with this restaurant only.

Chef is classically trained.  Unlike most Chinese run sushi places, this chef and his team take pride in what they serve.  No tilapia served here.  Fish is authentic, some selection is flown in from Japan such as the Sea Breen.

Service is prompt and polite.  Rolls and sushi fairly priced, and the non-sushi menu offers many selections to try.  The Uni shooters are delicious, tempura crispy and not greasy.  I also love the foie gras rolls and the black cod.

Ramen was delicious and authentic, the spider roll was excellent and crispy.  Uni was simply melt in the mouth.  They also offer brown rice for the health conscious.

In short, an excellent Japanese Restaurant that won't disappoint!笑
My family and I frequent here all the time. All the staff knows us by name and go out of their way to make sure we are taken care of. The sushi is good and the Tappenaki tables are fun and exciting, especially for my 2 year old who loves the chef's tricks and fire.笑
We try the chef's recommendation.  The chef is Chinese but he has the Japanese food fusion with the French cuisine cooking. 

The sashimi boat is excellent.  Not only is the fish fresh, the meat is shiny and thick enough to retain the texture.  There is no tendon and leave the whole piece of fish to be melt in the mouth.  The lobster appetizer is fresh but the portion is a bit small.  The lobster "brain" is steamed with egg.  The egg is so smooth.  The catch is the brain does not really integrated with the egg as if the brain is at the bottom while the egg is at the top.  Foie gras is not greasy and blend in well with other ingredients on the dish.  The sea urchin is the worst part of the meal that it smells fishy.  I have to immediately drink a cup of tea in order to continue other dishes.  The roe is excellent.  

Overall the presentation is above average.  The service is excellent.  The environment is good as we have our own room.  The food has some creativity.笑
Wow.. Why am I JUST discovering this place?
Very nice restaurant.. the dis presentation is very unique. 

carpaccio - what an amazing sauce.. very ginger

Nordic Snow was my fav roll - also very unique.. so tasty
The rest was delicious and extremely fresh.. 

If you read my reviews you'll know that I'm a BIG sushi fan. So trust my review and try Akasaka! ;-)笑
Experience the Great WASABI & GINGER Rationing Here at this Restaurant!

Summary: Food So-So, Service Terrible! I won't go back!

Details:
While on a business trip to the Richmond Hill area this restaurant was recommended by my hotel just two blocks away.  

I ordered the Sashimi platter (roughly 18 pieces, chef's choice), two Ikura Nigiri,  and a Sake.  The waitress said the it comes with rice and I asked if I could substitute shushi rice instead?  "No Problem!" she told me.  That was the last I saw of her.  Because I was at the Sushi Bar I was served by the chefs. 

First came the two Ikura sushi, simply laid out on the plate with a little cone of wasabi and small pile of ginger.  When they went to clean up the plate the server asked me "Don't you like ginger and wasabi?" "Yes I answered why?" "Because you didn't finish them' was the reply.   Okay? i used what I needed.  As this was transpiring the chef was handing over the Sashimi platter, nicely laid out minus any wasabi and minus ginger.  When I put it down I asked 'Can i have some wasabi?'  The chef answered 'you didn't finish what we gave you earlier."   WHAT?  I was supposed to finish all that for two pieces?   Their answer? the server scraped the wasabi from my old plate to my new one.  I was shocked.   

After eating I had to have sat there, alone for 10-15 minutes. No one came by to see if i was okay.  There was only one other party in a side room celebrating a birthday. Finally I asked the sushi chef if i could order a California Roll.  Again provided with no wasabi or ginger.  It seems this place is rationing it.  After another 10 minutes another server came by and handed me my bill without me asking for it.   I said I never got the rice.   "You were supposed to get rice?"  I recounted the entire order and service to that point.  The owner or head chef overheard and stepped up.  "I'm so sorry about this bad service is there something I can do about this, Like take 10% off your bill?"  I suggested he buy my one of my drinks ( i had two).  The look I got was classic!  Like I asked him to cut off his arm.  He disappeared into the back with one chef and one server and about 10 minutes later the server emerged with a new bill minus one drink.  It was like they had to confer over it. 

Overall: Poor service.  Given the choices in the immediate area I think I'll try something different.笑
While it seems apparent that Akasaka is renowned for its sushi, its teppanyaki doesn't share the similar marvel that its counterpart garners. 

I visited this restaurant with a group of friends after a night of bowling at a relatively late time of 21:30 or so. Service at the front desk was attentive and welcoming however, despite the fact that they were soon to close. We requested to have a teppanyaki meal, acknowledging that there were few teppanyaki restaurants in the area. There were still several groups of people hustled around the grills, which was surprising to see on a weekday evening. A decent first impression thus far.

I had ordered the "Chicken and Salmon" teppanyaki course, commencing the meal with a set of miso soup and green salad. Neither of which were particularly impressive, albeit satisfactory. The miso soup contained a sufficient quantity of tofu, seaweed and green onion, which was to be expected. The green salad was not memorable either, yet it still was a notch above those offered by competing Japanese restaurants, featuring radish and a cube of orange as well. Besides these two items, we were presented with a vase of what appeared to be breadsticks and a selection of dipping sauces - peanut and sweet and sour. This eased the waiting period, for the time it took for the teppanyaki chef to enter the grilling area was longer than initially anticipated. 

As the chef prepared the first dish - grilled black tiger shrimps, the atmosphere seemed rather depressing and silent. The chef did not perform any tricks that are traditional to teppanyaki chefs and as he placed the cooked shrimps onto individual plates placed around the grill, we were not told as to when we could begin eating. Although this seems like a ridiculous point for those who are solely concerned about food, it presented a black tarnish to the high quality of service that we were initially faced with. Some people here have stated that he would perform tricks if requested, but rather at a teppanyaki restaurant, he should ask the customers at the beginning if they would want the show - it presents a certain degree of skill and service in a simple question. In any case, the shrimp were tender and juicy however.

Following this, our chef prepared the salmon fillet(s) and the chicken. Neither of which I found were particularly impressive, given the upfront cost of $25 for the meal. While the salmon skin was grilled and seasoned well, I found the flesh to be a bit overcooked in general and perhaps a bit too simple - I felt that a sort of sauce or perhaps even a lemon wedge would have accompanied this well. The chicken, like the fish, was of a similar characteristic and was not as tender as I would have preferred. Both are technically fine however - but given the $25 cost, I expected a bit more from both the chef and the menu.

These items were succeeded by a bowl of fried beef rice and a vegetable medley. The beef rice I found was not dry enough and did not feature much beef in it at all, even for fried rice. By taste though, it was not too salty nor tasteless. The vegetable medley consisted of primarily a collection of bean sprouts, onions and peppers. Given the fact that the bean sprout to other ingredient ratio was far too high, it was very middle of the road - many places that prepare teriyaki use a similar ratio in order to minimize costs. For $25, I feel that a bit of zucchini would have substituted well for some of the excess bean sprouts.

Dinner was concluded with a scoop of green tea ice cream - fairly standard for the most part. It did not have a strong milky taste customary of ice cream from other restaurants, but was satisfactory. One of the servers were polite and attentive, offering us tea without being requested to periodically as we approached the end of the meal. 

For $25 (and upwards, considering the "chicken and salmon" was the lowest priced set course), I expected a bit more from the food and from the chef. While people may not be fans of Tako Sushi and its teppanyaki services, Tako does present a much greater variety of food at a similar quantity, all at a significantly lower price. Neither Tako or Asakasa have chefs that possess a detailed repertoire of teppanyaki tricks, but of the few occasions I have visited Tako, there was always at least one chef there that presented a passable show for the customers. Neither of the chefs at Asakasa seemed to know any tricks, aside from lighting a bit of cooking wine with a lighter.

Richmond Hill is not home to many Japanese teppanyakis. That said, I would rather venture further to enjoy a better teppanyaki experience.笑
If coming from hwy7, 
Make sure to turn left right when you enter the plaza because if you dont you might miss the sign telling you this place is located on the "lower level" aka at the bottom of the slope of the adrupt left turn- parking lot path thing. 

I came here for the teppanyaki and it was amazing! 
The waitstaff was very attentive and would come around to ask us if we were doing alright multiple times through out the meal! 

Altho our chef may have lacked in pizziaz (probably because he was young and it was late and he may have been burnt out from a long day) he was very kind and would prep us for every trick he did do incase we wanted to take pictures! Needless to say, he earned himself a nice tip! 

The food was on definitely on par- totally delicious! Dont be afraid to ask for a take out box -esp if you ordered a set meal for 2+ people. We also got the honeydew juice and oh my god i was in love, was freshly blended up and everything! Definitely would come again!笑
Came here to pre-celebrate my birthday with my best girlfriend.  Thanks Katherine P. This was my first time here even this place has been around since long time ago...

We came here for teppanyaki.  The solo dinner started from $25.  It came with 6 pcs of tiger shrimps, chicken thigh meat, and 1 piece of salmon.   All set dinner came with salad, miso soup, vegetables, fried rice and ice cream.  To share, we also ordered another solo set with a rack of lamb, calf steaks and beef roll with foie gras.  Food quality was above average.  Our chef cooked in front of us.  The shrimps were fresh and grilled so well.  The foie gras was such a fantastic match with the beef roll.  The rack of lamb was perfectly grilled.  Our chef was very attentive and kept asking how we like the taste.  We both were lazy enough to handle the bones.  The chef easily helped us cut away the bones...lol.

The servers there were all friendly and made us feel very welcome.  They also patiently waited for us and let us have some times to chat and rest before serving us dessert.  We both picked the green tea ice cream.  

The most surprising part was the birthday song singing and letting me put on the geisha costume.  Several severs came over and sang me a birthday song with a lighted candle on my ice cream.  It was something I haven't experienced for a long time:) 

We did not mention about my birthday to any of the servers.  It must be our chef who listened to our conversations and so surprised me.  It was my best birthday dinner! Thank you for the complimentary banana tempura dessert, even though we were so stuffed and were not able to finish it.  It was good.

I will come here more often for sure.笑
I would actually give this place 3.5/5. They offer both sushi tables and teppanyaki tables. I first saw this place on the TV show, York Region Dining and it looked good. They have many nice, well decorated sushi dishes. My friends and I went to try their teppanyaki table. 

The restaurant is clean and nicely decorated. Service is good although it took a while for our drinks to come. Waiters/waitresses were polite but some of them seemed a bit too 'happy'. Can't say the same about the chef at our teppanyaki table... he barely spoke. 

The price of their teppanyaki solo dinner range from $25 - 30 and it consist of 6 courses: 1) Miso soup 2) Salad 3) Vegetable medley 4) Entree choice 5) Fried rice 6) Dessert. I had their Kobe and Kalbi dinner cause on the TV show, they went on and on about how amazing their Kobe beef was. Honestly, it tasted like regular beef, no difference. 

We also ordered their Akasaka boat, 36 pieces of sushi & sashimi. Unfortunately with these boats, they don't let you pick your sushi/sashimi, it is based on the chef's choices but they do give you their "top" sushis & sashimis. They made an exception for us cause I kept asking if it can include this one and that one, etc. One of those were called "Crown Royal" maki (brown rice, BBQ eel, caviar, crabmeat, cucumber, avocado and foie gras and actual gold flakes on top). This was one of the dishes I saw on the TV and wanted to try. It didn't live up to my expectations... I think it's because of the brown rice, it just tasted weird but my friend loved it. Their soft shell crab was pretty good too.

As for the teppanyaki table, I was expecting the chef to do a lot of tricks and stuff. He didn't do ANY until my friend asked near the end of our meal if he knew any tricks. Apparently he told us the chefs only do tricks if they feel the table have energetic people. I guess we weren't these people?!?! WTH! He assumed we didn't want to see any tricks but once the tricks started to happen, he even asked if any of us wanted to go up and try doing tricks. For some odd reason, none of us said yes which I regretted. He then cooked up some scrambled eggs and with his spatula, he tossed pieces of the eggs into each of our mouths. One of my friends got hit in the eye with the egg, that was hilarious and it even took me a couple tries to catch it in my mouth... bad egg - eye coordination I guess??? 

In the end, we were all VERY full and didn't even finish the fried rice at the end. I would go back again but only to try their sushi tables and not teppanyaki. But from what we had at the teppanyaki table, it was nothing special in my opinion笑
The sushi chef was amazing! Very friendly and his recommendations were wonderful. He made us a salmon belly sushi that was absolutely delicious! The service is fantastic and the food is always fresh.笑
This is a nice place for business lunches and quite dinners. For some reason, the more decked out the restaurant in the GTA, the poorer the food. Not sure why. :(
Food looks better than it tastes (pretentious at times). Flavours are not as authentic as I had hope. Prices are on the higher end. Service is good.笑
This was my first time having teppanyaki but according to my friends there is much better out there. I don't really have a comparison but I thought it was fairly average for something I felt like I had seen people do but never experienced for myself.

Parking was a little hard to find on a weeknight so I went in first. We waited because I didn't know at the time whether we wanted just sushi or to sit at a teppanyaki table. The lady seemed a smidge impatient while we made our decision. Fair enough. I don't blame her.

Service got a lot friendlier when we chose teppanyaki. There are two tables and both were full. We chose the trio option - there are a few set menus you can choose from that have a mix of meats and seafoods and the chef prepares it in front of you. It comes with a salad and miso soup. Our chef said he was still a student chef but nonetheless the food was fairly good, fresh, and well-seasoned. The seafood especially was quite good. He kept us entertained and talked with all of us, and made it interactive as well, asking a girl and me to try and use the spatula to break the egg after tossing it into the air. I failed pretty miserably but it was fun.

He didn't seem like a student, but it became clearer when he made the fried rice. It ended up looking brown because he poured soy sauce on it, probably because he knew he'd messed it up. You could see the difference between the other chef's fried rice, yellow from the egg and our brown rice.

We also ordered a rainbow roll and a dynamite roll with salmon on top? I can't remember the name. The salmon on the roll was pretty mediocre - it didn't have a great texture and wasn't flavorful. The fish on the rainbow roll seemed better maybe because it was mixed with other things and the mango in the rainbow roll made it taste very refreshing. The rolls themselves were constructed well.

Overall it was about $160. I probably wouldn't go back. The food was good, but still kind of average for the price. I'm glad I got to experience teppanyaki though I think it would be better for someone who's more sociable and talkative.

That being said, when I called back in the morning about something I thought I might have lost there, the lady who answered was helpful and it seemed like she took the time to look for it.笑
The chef we had was hilarious and put on quite a show
The food was delicious and he even let us try some fancy tricks at the end!
I went with my company team and ordered the team lunch at the teppanyaki station and was pleasantly surprised by the quality of the meal.

We had a lot of fun and enjoyed everything thoroughly, we've had beef, chicken, salmon, veggies, rice, and some sushi!

I would highly recommend going in a group or for a date, it's such a great experience