Great coffee and had to try those timbits.  Very clean and comfortable.笑
Man, Tim Hortons is the place right? Well that's what I kept hearing from people. "You've gotta go to Tim's". Ok, I'll go. I'm in Canada so why not?

Hm, I mean, it was alright.

One thing I noticed immediately were that the tables all needed to be wiped down. Everyone was dirty. I wanted to sit down and eat so that wasn't a great starting point. In true Canadian fashion, the employees were super friendly.

I ordered a buffalo chicken wrap and potatoes. The wrap was much smaller than I anticipated. It was not very filling. While the chicken was good, it just wasn't satisfying. The potatoes were a little soggy for my liking. After I did get a chocolate chip cookie which was pretty bomb. Maybe I should I have stuck with sweets?

I maybe can see why people love it so much from a coffee and donuts perspective, but I didn't like the food much at all. Come for the coffee if you will. That's all I would try the next time I visit. If I'm hungry I'll go elsewhere, else I'm only hungry for a cookie.笑
This location is great. There's a ton of staff and they know how to work the line so your order is ready by the time you're done paying. There's two lines, one from the office building and the other from the outside door, so there's little confusion as to what's going on in this smaller than ideal location.笑
Ah Timmys! 
Good coffee. Great donuts. Friendly service. Fresh breakfast. 99c ice caps. All under 10 bucks. Nothing more to say except for 'HELL YEAH'笑
Food: 5/5
Service: 5/5
Cleanliness: 5/5
Decor & Style: 4/5

I love this cheap coffee place. fast service, good snack foods.  seems to be all clean.  Decor is classic and normal but better than any other coffee place you've seen. can't ask for anything more. I came here and just sat down forever cause I was tired.  No one cared, and even looked at me.
I'm American and I'm sorry to say Tim Horton's is better than Dunkin' Donuts.

Roderick is correct. Timbits....YUM.笑
It's OK but I prefer Starbucks for the coffee quality. I think Tim Hortons is more a doughnut place.笑
Your birthday cake Timbits were off the charts.
On hangover Sunday I'd order a 50 pack sometimes two.
But now that your birthday is over and you no longer sell them I have no reason to come back, because your coffee tastes like a salty ash tray.笑
I don't know why this place hasn't caught on. They sell coffee AND donuts. Both aren't very good but if you dunk your donut into your coffee then the taste of both is significantly improved. They also sell hockey cards and sandwiches but something called a "W-W" was recommended to me so I ordered that although the cashier didn't seem to know what I was asking for because she just gave me a coffee with too much cream and sugar (I like my coffee black). My grandpa gives this place 5 stars but I have to limit my review to 3 because the parking lot was full.笑
因為這幾天晚上睡眠質數不好但是我還是要繼續完成我的論文，所以我就到tim hortons去買一杯感覺上能夠讓我提神的無糖少冰咖啡。因為已經有一段時間沒有光顧過tim hortons，所以進去後就被裡面的人流嚇到了orz 整體來講購買過程沒什麼我不滿意的地方，而且我覺得tim hortons的咖啡其實非常適合像我這些窮窮的留學生光顧啊QAQ 畢竟相對便宜..笑
Can't go to Canada without a trip to Tim Hortons. Our first time there wanted something sweet for dessert but nothing to heavy. Our friend took us here and so glad he did. Their timbits are packed with flavor but are so small in size that you can eat just one and not feel guilty.笑
Tim Hortons was founded in 1964 in Hamilton, Ontario by Canadian hockey player Tim Horton. In 1967 Horton partnered with investor Ron Joyce, who quickly took over operations and expanded the chain into a multi-million dollar franchise. He also bought out the family interest after Tim Horton's death in a car accident in 1974. As a result of Ron Joyce's aggressive expansion, independent doughnut shops in Canada had been virtually eliminated and Canada's per-capita ratio of doughnut shops surpassed those of all other countries. 

I usually end up stopping at this Tim's often as it's along my morning walking route when I'm exploring Toronto and there's decent seating, unlike the one at the exterior of the Eaton Centre. Tim's service model is pretty consistent no matter which one you patronize. You're served quickly (even with a line up), coffee is above average, and the food is consistently fresh and tasty. I usually end up ordering a walnut crunch, frosted cinnamon role, a breakfast sandwich, or a bagel with light cream cheese. I have rarely been disappointed and am usually pleasantly surprised regarding the quality and quantity I get for my Loonie.笑
Donuts were ok. Nothing special.  Coffee was ok kind of a burnt taste笑
This place shows up Starbacks for what it is, expensive and overrated. 

I was new to this chain of coffee shops, I'm not a Canadian after all, and what can I say it did exactly what it said on the tin. Good coffee and snacks at a reasonable prices. Would recommend to anyone.笑
I heard this was an equivalent to Starbucks here in Toronto. I think I was expecting too much. I wanted cold, unsweetened tea and they didn't have it. It also has a sandwich and food section but I didn't see anything that I wanted. This place is like a stripped down Panera with cashiers in red cowboy hats. I personally didn't like this place that much.笑
This was a great place for breakfast. Although there was a long line, service moved very quickly. The Oreo donut (new) was delicious and the hash brown was pretty good too. The bottled apple juice was kind of small, though.笑
I can't believe how much hype this place has. It was the Canadian McDonalds essentially.  I'm a donut freak and was really disappointed. They were really sugary and a bomb in your stomach. Also got a turkey sauasage and egg sandwich. Tasted it like it was defrosted and plopped into the microwave. My wife likes Starbucks (I hate it) but even she said the coffee sucked here.笑
I LOVE TIM HORTON'S!

Hot chocolate and donuts, what else can I say!

Although, their hot cocoa is super hot. I've burned my throat on all my hot cocoa drinks. I don't know if that's how Canadians like it but man, ease up on the torch, please!

The strawberry-filled donut, YUM! I'm so happy that I've finally tasted one since they really aren't popular Stateside. Womp womp!

Overall, Tim Horton I shall visit you once again. 

Too bad I couldn't get some at the airport - stinky doors!笑
So I gave Tim Horton's a second chance. Coffee still had that slight hint of smoke that I keep likening to burnt. Didn't like that.

I had a dutchie this time for a donut and that was good. I don't normally like raisins and it did have too much frosting, but the dough is still lighter than DD. Just talking about TIm Horton Donuts makes me want to have one. I think I'll have their original glazed.笑
Ugh.... I wanted to try what the coffee my friendly Canadians drink. I realize it's cheaper then Starbucks and its a Canadian local thing but the coffee is awful.
I tried it more than once just to be sure. Both times horrendous. The prices are right and the pastries and donuts are fresh and tasty and super cheap. The coffee however, could be used for cleaning the engine of my car. There are many small roaster coffee shops that are much better. Sorry my fellow Canadians , I love you guys but this coffee has got to go.笑
Tried the new spicy chicken sandwich which was pretty good.

The showstoppers however were the Timbits doughnut holes and the iced cappuccino. OMG that coffee drink is goooood. I will be having doughnuts and coffee every day during my time in Canada.

Tim Horton's, please pretty please open up shops in Cali!!!!笑
A small regular and a strawberry strudel for less than $2.  I will try their other items  such as the new red velvet muffin.  Don't get me wrong I like starbucks when I feel like an espresso based drink...but I like going on a Timmy run here and there.笑
I hate Tim Hortons.

TH Latte is NOT a Latte. I'm not a mean person, so a sip of the new latte's just made me sad and throw away my cup.
My fiance IS a stronger person, he complained to management.

Also, the manager of a few Tim Horton's told us that TH will never have WiFi because "they make little enough money as it is". That's the worst lie anybody has ever told me, any downtown TH location is completely rolling in it, a little wifi wouldn't hurt!笑
Okay...those who know me know I love donuts!! Since a little girl its always been my go to sweet treat. Wither they be sprinkled, old fashion or powdered or crumb...I love love love a good donut. I like ice cream, cupcakes and other sweet treats but nothing and I mean nothing satisfies my sweets craving like a WARM,FRESH DONUT!! Now, I do my best to keep this obsession under control and hidden from most men in my life (we all have our little secrets) But really...I LOVE THESE LIL' PIECES OF HEAVEN!! Tim Hortons was a dream...and Timbits (Heaven reincarnated in a little sweet ball of yummyness) and I'm not sure what kid of coffee concoction the boy created and ordered me but that was crazy delicious as well. Mr.Horton has me wanting to buy a franchise and open it up in San Francisco...THIS PLACE IS DELICIOUS!! But maybe it is good that it'll just be my special Canadian treat because if we had one here I'd probably be in a one piece (and that to me would be a travesty)...TIMMY HO'S I LOVE YOU!! Will definitely be my first stop when I step off the plane...I even saw a few in the airport...YUMTASTIC!!笑
free wifi is always good, but no paper in the bathroom is not, they need to service the restaurant better笑
This is the Tim Hortons that is located near the Hockey Hall of Fame. I came here to load up on some donuts and a cup of coffee before I went inside the HHOF. 

For those in the US not familiar with Tim Hortons, they are the Canadian equivalent of Dunkin' Donuts. But they are so much better. SO. MUCH. BETTER.

I have but one word for you, and that one word defines "magic" in Canadia: Timbits.笑
Coffee and a carrot muffin upon arriving in Toronto at 5:30AM helped me stay awake and functional throughout the morning.  The donut part of the blueberry fritter was pretty good too, but I wasn't a fan of the filling.笑
I normally don't review chains but I had to make an exception for Ontario's version of McDonald's/Dunkin Donuts. I wanted to see what was all the hype about, especially after watching a documentary of it trying to invade America's market. The decor and vibe of the place felt like any other chain restaurant. Although the biggest draw is the food and coffee. It was night time so I couldn't exactly get a boston cream pie doughnut with a coffee, so I opted for a sandwich instead. I got the tuscan chicken. After my initial bite, I finally understood. The food is fresh and made to order, which explains my long wait. It tasted great and wowed my taste buds. I didn't the service was all that great, a bit rude if you asked me, but it only speaks to this one location. If I get another chance, I will definitely try the coffee and doughnuts.笑
Folks, this is the "Peet's Coffee" of the North! 

Great full-bodied coffee just the way I like it! I've been to Tim Horton's throughout Canada and the coffee never disappoints. The only gripe I have is the size of the small; wow that's really small! Nothing like the small size you find in America! 

This particular location is ideal: I can get a cup of Tim Horton's and walk down the street to the Hockey Hall of Fame or up & over to Air Canada Centre.  Tim Horton is immortalized at both venues. 

It's like paying homage to the man...笑
This is my second favorite breakfast place! My first fav place is McDonald's of course. I had to try Tim Hortons while in Canada. I loved their breakfast sausage biscuit! Soooo dang good! The biscuit here is way better than McDonalds (I usually get the sausage mcmuffin). The hash browns aren't as fresh or good here though. I also loved their iced coffee too! I had them add the hazelnut flavor and it was good! Not all locations have that flavor though, sadly. I got a vanilla iced coffee at a different location but I swear it tasted like hazelnut! I tried the Timbits and they weren't that good. They didn't taste fresh. Perhaps the regular donuts tasted better and I should have opted to get that instead. Overall, I liked their breakfast. Go here and grab breakfast before venturing around the city!