I always love New York style pizza and Mama's Pizza and Pasta hit the spot.  I ordered a pepperoni pizza and it had a good mix of cheese, sauce and pepperoni that the whole family Loved!  

I was pleased with how friendly & inviting the staff were.  I look forward to going back to try the pasta that looks delicious. 

I Highly recommend the restaurant for dine in or carry out.Ǿ
my wife and I originally lived in New England so when we move to Charlotte we were working very hard and trying to find places that reminded us at home. This is definitely one of them. The family is from the Philadelphia area, and the food is definitely what we grew up with. I ordered a medium meat lovers Pizza, and my wife ordered the mamas special, which had sausage lasagna and manicotti. Both of our meals were very very good, and we do plan on coming back to visit in the near future.Ǿ
We love this place for take out.  The baked ziti is fantastic with lots of cheese.  My husband enjoys a calzone.  The bruschetta is also great.  Really anything we have ever had from here has been great.Ǿ
As an Italian NYer I have to give this place a thumbs up.

Ordered takeout. Took 25 mins to be ready. Got a Sicilian pie, an order of chicken parm with penne and an order of garlic cheese bread. 

Sauce was pretty good all the way around. Pizza was really good. A very well made Sicilian pie. It was well done which I love and had the perfect amount of sauce and cheese. Crust was nice and crispy on the outside and soft throughout. 

Chicken parm was pretty good as well. Good thickness with a nice tasting breading. Decent amount too. It was split into two meals. Penne was cooked a perfect al dente.

Lastly, the garlic bread was perfect! Just crispy enough with a great flavor. 

This is my go-to place for Italian right now.Ǿ
Mama gets five stars for reminding me of my home New York City!  To be clear, if you are looking for an artisanal slice or fancy gourmet food, this is not that.  However if you are looking for a good greasy foldable delicious slice you have arrive and that's a great thing.  The closest and best thing I have found in Charlotte to a NY slice.  Yum!  The entrees aren't bad either.... the antipasto salad reminds me of my childhood weekends when mom would order take out and I would pick and eat all the pickled veggies out of the antipasto.  Mmm.  The pizza sauce to cheese to crust ratio is on point for a real New York slice.  The service is friendly and they often run specials (although the regular price are reasonable.  This is not your fancy or impressive date night spot.... if they were open super later hours I would make this my after party, prevent a hangover spot... oh my NYC memories ....Ǿ
Great pie! They know how to make pizza here. Crust, sauce and cheese are all done right.Ǿ
So I tried this place that I  wasn't even aware of nearby for a quick slice of pepperoni.  It was dead inside, but they did have some slices already to go.  I was a little concerned about how long the slices had been sitting out, but they were actually really good.  Not quite up to Tony's, but not too far off.  I am looking forward to trying more of the menu!Ǿ
Love the food and pizza is BEST in the area. Girls behind counter need to tie their hair up..one was playing with her long hair at the counter near where pizza is made. That is my only complaint. Otherwise they would get 5 stars.Ǿ
Two fantastic new dishes! My favorite has always been the chicken francaise but the new Chicken Piccata blows it away! Fresh capers, light on butter, great white wine and I get the same sauce over fettucine. Dunking the garlic knots in the extra sauce? Bonus :)Ǿ
This place is amazing!  The owner is so nice and accommodating and their food is authentic and always good.  This might be the best place to find delicious gluten free pizza!Ǿ
We have eaten here several times and enjoyed the food. Tasty garlic knots with savory  tomato sauce, yummy tender meatballs, very good Cesar salad.  I especially love the veal and eggplant parmesan. Good portions and tasty. The pizza is very good and basic with nice crust but we like others  much better. Overall a great Italian restaurant the whole family can enjoy. Prices are reasonable, and the staff have always been friendly. Only on one busy occasion we had to wait quite a while to get our food . I have also heard  this comment from other diners too.Ǿ
No complaints here. Ordered a mushroom and pepperoni pizza and bruschetta and both were really good. 
The bruschetta is obviously made fresh and they give you a very fair amount. 
Service was great. Solid restaurant all around, will be back for sure!Ǿ
I love mama's.   Their sauce is authentic tasting and reminds me of my deployment to Northern Italy during desert storm.Ǿ
Horrible service! We were there on Sunday, August 30 for a Frank Sinatra cover singer and while he was quite good, the service was abysmal. The reservation was missed but they seated our party. It took 2 hours for our food to come despite several questions as to where it was. Some of the responses included " we ran out of plates" , "we did not expect such a crowd and the kitchen is backed up" , to an absolute ridiculous and astounding response from a hostess who we later found out was the owners daughter " well, we seated you didn't we?"
Finally the food arrived and was mediocre, but we were so upset that it didn't matter. 
The owner did the right thing by not charging us but the experience was awful and we will never go back!Ǿ
Fabulous meal!  The garlic knots with marinara sauce and Chicken Marsala were out of this world.  I echo the earlier review and this is now my favorite local Italian place!Ǿ
I went to mamas I found out that there is new owners the new owners changed all the recipes and the food stinks original owners to own the place made me feel like I was home in New York the food was incredible and now it's not so you guys need to go back to School  learn how to cookǾ
Food is very good overall. Occasionally there is a slight quality drop, which might have been at a time or two when owner/head chef wasn't onsite or cooking. Overall quality is good. 

Significant price increase recently. Based on the fact that there is no other change to quantity of quality of food this is assumed to be related to cost increases or price adjustment in general. This is somewhat disappointing given the only slight quality shortcomings have been recent also. 

Very friendly and prompt service. 

Pizza, calzones, buffalo chicken salad are some highlights. 

Wings are average. 

Garlic knots are a little tough for my preference.Ǿ
Our pepperoni pizza was just average.  My opinion might be skewed by the display of large cans of pizza sauce on their counter. I was disappointed even before tasting it.  What really good pizza uses canned pizza sauce? Why do they want to advertise that they are too whatever to make their own really good sauce, and by the way, check out our cans,  which we piled up into a really nice pyramid display.Ǿ
This is my go to place for some good Italian! They have the best chicken Marsala sauce that I've had in the Charlotte area, along with their garlic knots and delicious homemade marinara sauce. Their food is always on point!Ǿ
Great food at reasonable prices. I started going here for the pizza and later tried a couple of the dinners which were outstanding. The real secret is their sub sandwiches. I love my subs and this is the only place that uses the oven and not a microwave. Hope they expand the sub menu. Get it to go or eat in. They also have wines but I don't drink wine.

Much, much better than the joint beside Food Lion even if I life beside it.Ǿ
These folks catered my daughters rehearsal party. The food was so delicious. Our families came from all over the United States and everyone raved about the food. Brian was so kind and easy to deal with. If I could give more than five stars I would!!! Great people and great foodǾ
Great food! Love the new wine selections!Ǿ
My husband and I went here for dinner on Friday night. The calamari was amazing! The pizza was delicious. The owners and wait staff were very personable and made us feel very welcomed. We enjoyed the atmosphere and food so much that we went back on Saturday night for the pasta and we were not disappointed! The eggplant parmesan was very good. Definitely give this restaurant a try!Ǿ
I asked the waitress if the meatballs were homemade. She dodged the question, so I insisted she ask the chef. She came back and told me the meatballs are fresh if you get the spaghetti. I got the spaghetti and meatballs, and those were not fresh. The sauce was watery and bland. We also had the Alfredo sauce. That's the most bland sauce I've ever eaten. Hope the pizza is better.Ǿ
Good local pizza, this is an expansion of the original Mamma's Pizza in Mint-Hill, NC (www.mammasofminthill.com). Just about everything is good. I'm a big fan of Grandma's Pizza!!! We order it every time. The Grandma is not the typical pizza so read about the ingredients before getting it but gotta tell you it is good.Ǿ
Great pizza... Thin Crust New York Style.
Awesome Baked Ziti.
Real cute place.
Sweet Waitress'sǾ
Hidden gem! Fast friendly service, generous portions all around! Salad was super fresh and crispy. They served 6 garlic knots with my pasta order and they were fantastic, the marinara was piping hot and the knots were soft and not too greasy. My pasta was perfectly al dente and my son, who is a professional eater (he's a pre-teen)said it was the best calzone he ever had. And it was huge! A great deal and a great spot all around.Ǿ
We live nearby and always go with take out, so I can't speak to the service. We first tried mammas several years ago before the change of ownership and found it wanting. Once we gave it a try under the new owner we were pleasantly surprised. Great Stromboli, subs, and pizza. Best in the area.Ǿ
After reading all the positive reviews here about this place, we were excited to give it a try.  Unfortunately I cannot recommend Mama's based on the pizza we were served.  It's a shame, because the pizza could have been very good ... the cheese was plentiful, the sauce tasty, and the crust nicely crunchy on the bottom. But it was all pretty much ruined by the huge amount of what appeared to be grease on top.  The wife did her best to sop it up with napkins, but still she could only finish one piece before she proclaimed she couldn't eat any more.  I usually down 4 or 5 slices myself, and I was quite hungry at the time.  But even with my strong stomach the load of grease took it's toll and I couldn't finish more than 2.  I could understand if we had ordered a ton of peperoni and sausage on the pizza, but this was a cheese pizza!  The waitress was attentive and helpful, the ambiance on par with other small pizzerias around Charlotte.  But the pizza was ruined by someone on the cook /prep staff.  ( note: we took what we couldn't eat home in a box to see if would be nosh-worthy cold, which I usually love the next day.  The abundant grease on top had congealed into semi-solid pools.  yech!)Ǿ
I normally take the advice good or bad from other yelpers and visit certain establishments.  So yesterday I decided to go to mamma's pizza and well I was really excited and well................I went in ordered my food and it was ready sooner than I thought it would be.  I tried several different things to get a feel for the place, I got a meat lovers pizza, mild chicken wings, a side salad, garlic bread, and some tiramisu.  Well I enjoyed the wings that I thought was hot (even though they were mild) and the garlic bread.  The pizza well, not a fan I honestly think that sbarro's pizza taste better.  I know a lot of yall will think that I'm out of my mind, but it's just how I feel.  When it comes to the tiramisu, I got a really big portion than I'm use to which was a good thing because I really enjoyed it.  It wasn't as uniformed as I'm use to but it was a good piece of tiramisu.  I'm a southern girl so I guess with me all versions of New York style pretty much taste the same even though Sbarro's is the leader....lol, don't be mad I like the chicken, bread and tiramisu.  I will visit again to try the different pasta's.Ǿ
Amazing service. Personal and professional. The spicy wings are crispy and very delicious but more heat would be better. The calamari is so good, as are the zucchini fires. Well, the zucchini is crazy good. Yummy mozzarella sticks. The white pizza is delicious and so are the garlic knots. My family very much enjoyed the buffalo Stromboli. I don't like bacon so I did not have that.Ǿ
Visitied Mamma's Pizza Express because someone had a "taste for pizza."  Well, she got the cheese pizza with fries (delicious crinkle cut that were not overcooked) and she loved it.  I opted for a Vegetarian Hero sandwich.  However, the italian is something I must stay away from - it was too much.  I was unable to eat half of a half!  When you visit Mamma's Pizza Express, you may want to stick with the pizza...Ǿ
This is typical southern- New York style pizza, and I don't mean Staten Island. I mean it is what they think New York style pizza is south of the Mason-Dixie line. 

With that said it isn't bad, but if you close your eyes you aren't going to think you are in Brooklyn.Ǿ
I cannot speak to whether this is an expansion of the Mamma's in Mint Hill, or even if they are related or not.  My guess is that if they are, they simply moved, since that location is no longer open, and they really are not that far apart when it comes to distance.  Maybe they just like being near a Lowes Foods, and moved down the road.

Whatever the case, I can say that this particular location is pretty sweet.  When you walk in, you get that smell of pizza.  In no small part because as soon as you open the door, you are looking at their pies, just like if you are in New York.  Marketing?  Sure, but it works.

This is one of the few places that you can find slices at any time of day - not just at lunch.  You can also order up plenty of pasta varieties, and even if you are not a kid, you can order from the kids menu, if you think they other selections are too large (as some have mentioned).

Though located in a strip mall, the atmosphere is just fine, the food does not suffer.  The only downside is perhaps on the service when they are busy.  But well worth a trip, and just off 485, it is very easy to get in and get out.

As a side note, they have a family special where you get two pies, a massive plate of pasta for a ridiculously low price. Feeding the family, or a birthday party of kids? Try it, it's tough to beat. Also ask for some sriracha. It goes surprisingly well on pizza.Ǿ
Recently visiting family in NC, they recommended I try a Mama's pizza. Living in NY, I've had my fair share of great pizza. and this by far, is in my top 5 favorite pizza places of all time. Seriously, try a regular pizza and you'll be wowed.Ǿ
Pizza is always consistent. They do a great job here.
Garlic Knots are great while you wait for your food.Ǿ
So while we were in NC we stopped by here to get some dinner.  All the reviews sounded great and the photos looked good too.  We brought a crew with us. 3 adults and 2 kids.  There is not a lot of room to sit but it was good.  I think they had maybe 10-15 tables.  Not sure if they were having a great night or what but the initial greeting was not very happy.

The service was just OK.  We had an issue with my friends sandwich and the waitress instead of trying to take care of the issue she just shrugged.  My friend got the Italian sub.  I think they make them ahead of time and then bring them out of the refrigerator.  Either that or the bread was like 5 days old.  It was really tough. They serve it with a small thing of Italian dressing. Lettuce and some tomatoes.  Honestly it looked like something out of a convenience store.  I am not trying to slam the place but I would expect a pizza joint to have a kick butt Italian sub.

I got the meat lovers calzone. It was just ok as well.  There was not much flavor to the meats or the crust.

Two of our party got the pasta and again they all said it was just ok.

The food was nothing really to write too much about.  It was a pizza place.Ǿ
Amazing New York style pizza and food for a very reasonable price!Ǿ
2 1/2 stars. Not all bad but less than OK overall. Frankly I decided to try this place because of the talk about the new owner being a Johnson & Wales grad but ......

I was in the mood to try a slice of their pizza but I got there late and the sliced pizza was old. Too bad since the crust still looked promising. 

The garlic rolls looked NOTHING like the ones Rod photographed. These were undercooked, in need of butter, garlic, cheese and anything else. 
1 star

The marinara wanna be that came with it had the color, consistency and taste of concentrated tomato paste nothing else- Catsup awful! Here is a hint, if nothing else marinara should be the color of tomatoes, not dark as beet juice. 
0 stars

Ravioli alla Mama - cheese Ravioli with Prosciutto, mushrooms & sun dried  tomatoes in pink sauce ($11) Ravioli soup is more like it, they were served in a bowl drowning in sauce. I couldn't find trace of prosciutto or mushrooms either but way too generous with slices of sun dried tomatoes (it's the only thing showing in the photo)  Know what ? no one wants mouthfuls of that stuff, it's meant to be used sparingly. Aside from that I poured a little black pepper and parmesan on top and it wasn't not all bad 
2 stars

The Apple Gorgonzola salad looks nothing like in Chad's picture either. The apple is shredded thin, loaded with iceberg lettuce, there's hardly any gorgonzola and has way too much dry chicken on top. But it still tastes pretty good so OK
3 stars

The Bruschetta is really good, I wouldn't expect any better from what is essentially a pizza joint.
4 stars (!)
 
Honestly when I left I was feeling pretty annoyed, there's way too much b/s in the latest 5 star reviews. Makes for highly counter-productive way to build a business if you ask me.Ǿ
I know Chicago pizza and New York pizza and I think this place ROCKS, very fresh and yummy! Try their Italian sausage and green peppers with pasta, best sausage ever.Ǿ
I am rounding up because I think this place may have potential.  A couple things we tried were 2 star worthy while other things were 3 star worthy.  It is definitely not one of those places where you can walk in, close your eyes, point to any item on the menu and expect satisfaction.

They were pretty packed on Friday night and for take out they were quoting a 35 minute wait so I actually thought that was a good sign.  I was quickly reminded that I am off of Idlewild road in Matthews, heading towards Indian Trail so I may need to get my expectations in check.  They were easily packed because there are only about 5 restaurants in the whole area but I was still excited to give it a try.

Anyway, here's the deal:  The girl at the counter deterred us from trying a pizza or a stromboli because she said that would nearly double our wait time and we were just looking to carry out so we went in a different direction.  NOTE:  The pizza's looked awesome so that may be the route to go if we ever return.

We ordered the meatball sub, the buffalo chicken salad and a side of meatballs.  

The Buffalo chicken salad was pretty much gross.  The "buffalo" chicken that was smacked on top was breaded with some type of oil-drenched breading, appeared to be plastic and the chicken itself didn't even resemble real meat.  It was disgusting in all honesty.  It was slapped on top of a bed of iceberg lettuce and I don't' think there was anything else in the salad.  I think I saw a strand or two of onions and it had some cheddar cheese along with about 4 fatty pieces of bacon.  It was served with ranch dressing.  

The meatballs were OK but the marinara sauce was tangy and didn't taste homemade in my opinion.  The meatballs had the right consistency but not a ton of flavor.  They could have used more garlic or maybe some basil.  They were definitely edible but just not amazing.

The meatball sub was everything I stated above except on a toasted hoagie.  Nothing special, rather soggy (we did take it to go) and just a little above average.  


Moral of the story?  I would call ahead next time and I would stick to the pizza and/or stromboli because they looked fresh and they seemed to be the most popular items on the menu.  I wouldn't stray too far from those items.Ǿ
Great service and AMAZING NY style pizza, love it! Go there all the time with our friends and my Husband. The pizza had so much flavor and never disappoints. Owner is very kind.Ǿ
Pizza - Nice Thin Crust, A-OK Sauce - Perfect Cheese (no blend) all Mozzarella   -  - Onions sliced perfectly thin and the Salami had GREAT flavor and was very good reheated the next day and the next!  Since this is a Pizza Place the Pizza is Carrying All four stars and the rest of the food is neither bringing my rating up nor down - It is just for my information and yours - the only reason I will not eat here again is location and options that I like better!

Spagetti with "Meat Sauce" (Meatballs chopped up with extra sauce on top).  Huge portion and great value if flavor was not a factor (to me flavor is a huge factor)!  This was a super thick sauce, very meaty though lacking flavor!  3 yelp stars. 

The pasta tasted like it had just been cooked for me, perfectly firm and well drained though lacking any special flavor, so it is better than the typical noodles 3.5 stars

Garlic knots had real garlic though were a little over cooked for me, too dry and lacking flavor, they were included with the Pasta dish. 3.75 yelp stars

Cannoli with a shell Dipped in Chocolate the filling had GREAT Flavor Perfect the shell was not soggy though it was close, not crisp at all!  may have been stuffed too early!  5 stars on the filling and 3 on the shell!Ǿ
After living in NY Tri state area for over ten years with many wonderful national/international cuisines, I had high expectations from a restaurant labeling itself with "NY style food". I was disappointed, but sympathetic to their effort.

This place is touch and go on the weekends. My family usually orders pizza (toppings are fresh and the crust is tasty) and my young daughter prefers a Stromboli. The service is usually satisfactory, but the wait time is long.Ǿ
I have ate hear a few times now and my family loves the food. The pizza is consistently good and the staff is friendly. You can tell the cooks take pride in their work.Ǿ
This place has solid food and a friendly staff. I've been eating here for years, and I notice that prices are going up while the amount/size of food given is shrinking. This is a huge no-no.Ǿ
Not just great pizza, but great italian dish options too. Try the Margarita Pizza and their Italian Dish Sampler. Their red sauces are the best around town. Heck... the best anywhere, and that's coming from someone that's lived in 10 places overseas and around the country in 45 years. Their friendly staff is just the icing on the cake.Ǿ
This is the best pizza around!  I am pretty picky about pizza... You can not go wrong. I especially love their meatballs as a topping. So so tasty! For pizza lovers, it's a MUST try.Ǿ
Took 40 minutes to get two pies, that's ok considering UNC is playing but I had ordered the buffalo chicken pizza and it honestly just tasted like a chicken bacon and onion pizza, was nothing really buffalo about it so I think I'll stick to jacks buffalo chicken pizza but family also had a onion peppers and mushroom pizza that they weren't too thrilled with.Ǿ
I really like their pizza. I've only been there twice so far. But, plan on frequently visiting here for a meal. I usually get a pizza with lots of vegetables or a pizza with just pepperoni. I plan on trying some of their hoagies and salads. The place is very clean. There is a nice little dining area. The employees are great and friendly.