It took  over 30 mnts for an order of wing and a calzone. A group of four came in 7 minutes after me and order pizzas. Their order came out first before mine. Then I still waited 3 more minute before I stood up of my chair and they saw I was upset then they came out with my order. No wonder the place was empty when I came in. Food ok nothing to write home about it. Wing are better at buffalo wings. Calzone worst. This was my first time and would be my last. I would tell my friends. They should prioritize and attended to customers as order comes. Not as the see fit. Sorry owners but you messed up this time.Ǿ
This is the most AMAZING pizza ever!!!!!   I love pizza and to be honest, most places just don't have good pizza (especially reheated).  This pizza is different from what you would normally get here in AZ so you will have to keep an open mind.  First off, the pizza is square and they cook only the pizza dough and sauce  and then add the toppings and do not cook the toppings.  I generally like my toppings cooked however, it was not the case with this pizza.  I personally like to let the pizza sit in the box and let the cheese melt from the heat before eating (so this is a perfect take out pizza).   The first time I tried this pizza was when I visited Ohio and it was" take out" ONLY. No seating!  I must not be the only one that loves this pizza because they have 18 other locations in Ohio and a long wait to get a slice of this pizza.  It is a little difficult to find because it is behind a convenience store/gas station but worth finding.  The pizza dough is crispy and is kind of reminds me of deep dish pizza.  It  is amazing reheated either in the toaster oven or oven.  They use provolone instead of mozzarella which I also love.  I would recommend this highly and you can order by the slice so you don't have to order an entire pizza to find out if you like it or not. I like it to go because the cheese has the time to melt and I like it better that way.  I also love how it stays crispy when reheated!!Ǿ
My husband and I came here for lunch the other day and were pleasantly surprised. The pizza was unlike any pizza that I have ever had before. I have had all different types of pizza from all different countries and this was truly unique. The toppings and cheese are not cooked into the pizza. I was slightly thrown off by that but once I took that first crunchy bite I was made a believer. Pizza was amazing. The three slices and a drink for $4.99 were a great deal that left even my husband (big strong Italian) feeling full. The seating set up is a little weird but the building is nice and clean. The staff was super friendly and helpful but our pizza did take awhile to come out. It was not too long but longer than I expected for lunch. However it came fresh out of the oven and was worth the wait.  Happy eating!!Ǿ
Love this joint! The first time we ordered from here we kept getting all these curve balls on how they make their pizza. After a visit or two we figured out their system and now we order from here once a week. Owner works his butt off. He's not some suit downtown running his business on numbers from afar, I know some people like  it that way. Great pizza, especially for take out, something different.Ǿ
Quality Ingredients equal a little more money. Have you ever heard of the saying " You get what you pay for" This is not a cheap Pizza Hut , Domino's pizza. This has REAL Provolone cheese.TOP QUALITY SAUCE. TRY IT, I promise you will love it. I'm from Weirton, Steubenville area and was so surprised to see them open!Ǿ
Just horrible! The pizza was like the kind they'd serve in a school cafeteria. The wings tasted as if they'd come right out of a big. To top it off I paid over $40 for their largest size and dozen wings, might as well have gone to NYPD for those prices but better quality!Ǿ
DiCarlo's Pizza is SOOO yummy!  We love how unique & fresh the pizza tastes.  They can customize each slice to you're liking so try a variety of toppings.  While it is great to eat at home, it is melt-in-your mouth delicious if you eat it right there straight from the oven.  I also love that this is owned by a retired military vet who is simply trying to make a living serving food he is passionate about!  Help out our local establishments and try this place!Ǿ
Pizza is delicious and made fresh in front of you! Awesome lunch specials. Friendly staff and football on tv. Can't get much betterǾ
Square Slices are for me.  Although this is my first check in to Di Carlo's its not my first time here.  This pizza is amazingly unique because of the unmelted cheese and the warm unbaked toppings. Trust me it works! I love that its not a greasy over spiced type pizza. The best is the flavor of the freshly made sauce.  I could eat the crust and sauce by itself, thats how good it is.  The toppings are really the "cherry on top" so to speak.  The ingredients are fresh and compliment the sauce and crust perfectly.  The crust does not taste like garlic, which in my opinon is a good thing.  It is crunchy but soft enough to fold and eat it New York Style.  I've had many slices of authentic New York pizza, Di Carlo's pizza is in a class all its own. I like that the bread and sauce taste great together. The high quality  fresh ingriendients and pizza sauce made from scratch is what sets Di Carlo's Pizza apart from a Dominos or Pizza Hut.   The price is worth the quality.  I will keep coming back, the only draw back is that they only have one location in Arizona, and none in California.Ǿ
This is a different style of pizza than most people are used to. The crust and sauce are cooked first then the topings are put on afterwards, it makes for a crispy crust which is what I like. Can't go wrong with any of the topings either. If you like Italian Subs, theirs is one of the best in the West Valley. Swing by and give them a try.Ǿ
Huge fan of DiCarlos Pizza. My husband and I enjoy the thin crust pizza. Unlike other pizza establishments they put the toppings on after the pizza comes out of the oven. At first I thought it was odd because I had never seen pizza cooked that way. All it took was trying the pizza once and we were hooked. The sauce and toppings are flavorful and plentiful. Not only is the pizza and cheese bread delicious, the owner is a very friendly person. We highly recommend this local pizza restaurant!Ǿ
They stated on yelp that they delivered called them they advised us that they did not deliver. You should update your status on yelp so people don't waste their time callingǾ
They call this pizza? I went in for a slice and it took 30 minutes to make it. The crust was very good, but they put cold toppings and cold cheese on top. I am from Chicago and we have some of the best pizza around... Maybe my expectations were too high for this place, I guess anywhere in Arizona for great pizza. Worst pizza!Ǿ
The pizza is very fresh. Such an amazing flavor. The customer service is quick and friendly. Nice to see what's going on behind the scenes, you watch them make the pizza. Trying the wings tonight.... excited this place is just around the corner!Ǿ
OMG OMG OMG!!! I haven't tasted pizza like this...ever! It's so much better than Pizza Hut, papa johns and dominos!! You can just taste the originality. Just amazing!Ǿ
Nice to have a pizza in the square and not the round.  The dough is nice and a hit, the sauce tantalizing.  The toppings are different in the way the cheese and toppings are put on after the pizza is cooked.  
It is confusing that you order by the piece instead of by the pizza.  I had to think to hard to figure out how much I needed for 12 people.  A regular order of 2 large is easy, but by the box of 6 just isn't not into my grey matter yet.

Definitely will try again.  We will probably bring it home, and heat it in the oven so the cheese is meltedǾ
Visited last night. Great pizza, calzone, and favorite lasagna. Good guys, veterans.  Happy to support them.Ǿ
Pizza tasted ok, but pizza was cold.  We ordered, we waited, and the pizza came out cold!  How?Ǿ
ok my wife and family are from ohio valley and they always went to elm grove location well we caught word about being in phoenix are well tonight we drove from chandler to litchfield it was so worth it highly recommend it so worth the driveǾ
This place is great. I've gone twice now and it's been in the afternoon so it wasn't too busy. The owner Mitch was very friendly and I enjoyed chatting with him while he made the pizza. 

Crust and sauce are cooked and then the toppings added after the pizza comes out of the over. It's very unique. I enjoyed it. Crust is delicious and the sauce is very good too. I'll definitely be going back!Ǿ
Honestly I was hesitant to try the cold toppings, but I was glad I had it.  I have had NY pizza, Chicago pizza and this was totally different.  No grease dripping off the pizza.  Nice change from the norm.Ǿ
They have the best pizza in the west valley. Their pizza is unique and is not like the typical pizza. They have the best service and personality.  It's an awesome environment.Ǿ
The best and most unique pizza around!  Plus, it's extremely affordable!!  Taste and cost...there's nothing like it!Ǿ
Let me give a true review on my pizza going experience. 

Dicarlos Pizza was unlike any pizza I ever had. It was thin crust and the sauce tasted different and home made. The cheese was high quality but wasn't completely melted on my pizza. I was one of two customers and it took about 20 minutes for me to get my 3 cut (box slices) of pizza. The pepperoni topping I choose to put on top was cold, and seemed to be just tossed on last second. There was no water cups available so you have to pay for a drink no matter what. They don't even have cups here. The taste of the pizza was good but not the best in the area. I'd prefer others that aren't more than 5 minutes away. I honestly think this place could get better with some minor fixes. I'd start with a bit quicker and more polite service. Maybe if they cooked the pizza with the toppings it would be better as well. We sat outside and felt ignored, even had to go inside to retrieve our pizza. Ill check this place out in a few months, but for now I won't be recommending it to other yelpers.Ǿ
This pizza was awesome !!
It's very unuiqe then other pizza I had, the guy up front explained to me how they prepare the pizza, the cheese being placed on cold, or not melted. It did take a while, despite not being very busy, but, I'm willing to wait for food like this. I did notice that they included everybody except EMS on their list of discounts, though. Don't forget your medics/emts, please ! :(Ǿ
In my opinion this place is the second best pizza place in the valley. I do not take this lightly. I am a passionate pizza critic from here to Venice Italy. While Bianco beats this place, it is an easy second. This says something because Bianco is world renowned. DiCarlos is a square cut pizza that has a thick crust. It is cooked in the oven. Provolone cheese and toppings are added after cooking. The heat warns them to perfection. This makes a delightfully unique experience for your pizza pallet. This East coast tradition is at home here in Litchfield.Ǿ
I am always looking for a non-chain pizza place and found DiCarlo's by driving through the shopping center.  We got a large pepperoni DiCarlo's style. My husband was skeptical about not baking the pepperoni onto the pizza, but I loved it.  It was not a big grease wheel as most pizzas are.  The very best part of the pizza which is always the main criteria for me is the crust.  An excellent product at a veteran owned and operated establishment.Ǿ
I'm a Boston area transplant so trying pizza made with provolone and cut in sqaures? Tried it, loved it, wicked good. Nothing beats fresh homemade taste no matter where you're from!Ǿ
First time newbie to Di Carlo's.  The sauce can make out break a petezer. Drop that sauce on some bomb ass dough and your taste buds will be over whelmed with flavor. This is what you will get at Di Carlo's. 

I love sauce and this sauce, it's perfect. The dough is light and crispy. This is a breath of fresh air, I'm used to the local competitors (Brothers, NYPD, Barros)  Their dough is heavy and soaking with grease...don't get me wrong they are all good, but Di Carlo's  dough is the business!

I am good friends with the owner of brothers, and will always go there. But secretly I am gonna keep going back to Di Carlo's. Lol.

They have a nice selection of beer on tap.  When i ordered the owner took time to explain what he is going to do to make my petezer. I looked at  him and said you are the pro,  do your magic. Boy did he!

I'm now a fan!Ǿ
Pizza is different, but different is GOOD!  Crust & sauce cooked, THEN cheese & toppings added.  

Sauce is awesome, cheese is added AFTER cooking which is different, but really cool.  
 
had to try a second time before I appreciated it,Ǿ
I saw this on my search nearby list for for yelp and decided to try it out. I loved how I could order online and pick it up. The eat 24 app was a little confusing and by the time I got there is when I finally got the text to come pick up (I left early because they were going to close in the next thirty mins.) I ordered a serving of wing and the pepperoni rolls. The rolls were delicious! Doughy and cheesy and just soft to bite into. They were a little burnt but still delicious. I don't remember the wings having an impact though. I will definitely come here again and try something else.Ǿ
I'm from wheeling WV and grew up with this pizza and it's amazing! Reminds me of home.Ǿ
OMG, I was on a business trip and stopped at Di Carlo's. I love love love this pizza...., the crust is amazing and you can easily taste the quality of the sauce. I travel the country for a living and pizza is my favorite food, I wish they were in my home town of Manassas Virginia and Naples Florida. I cant wait to have it again....so much better than the chain pizza joints. 10 stars not 5********Ǿ
I was pleasantly surprised today when  I came in. The pizza was a decent size to where I actually felt full (I had 4 square slices).

The value is great at 4.99 for 3 slices and a drink! 

The way they do the pizza is interesting too as you are given the pizza warm with cold cheese and meats so you can taste each individual ingredient. I tried it and tried it with the ingredients heated and they are right. Try them both ways to see which one you might like better. 

I enjoyed this place and will be back.Ǿ
Fantastic lunch combos! I enjoy going to Di Carlo's. I usually get the pizza, but I've tasted their pizza rolls, lazanga, calzone and salads and their good also. If you can eat there for lunch rather than getting your food to go, Di Carlo's offers several awesome lunch specials that always satisfy and the staff is friendly and accomadating. 

The lunch specials are a great deal however, my favorite item will always be the pizza rolls.  These pizza rolls are large, made to order, stuffed with pepperoni and provolone cheese and  served with freshly made marinara sauce for dipping.   A four piece order cost only $4.99, can't beat that price.

So if your in the neighborhood, stop by and get an order to go.Ǿ
I first heard about DiCarlo's through my boyfriend, he had told me how the pizza here was different than all the other pizza places around. It definitely is different, the cheese and all the topping are put on after the pizza and the sauce has baked in the oven(there's history behind the methodology which is interesting). It seems really strange at first, but it really is delicious. The owner is really friendly, and the food is always hot and fresh. You get to sit around a bar and watch your delicious food be made. It's a fantastic place to get quality food. My boyfriend and I eat there regularly, the quality has always been superb!Ǿ
Best pizza I have ever had.  Friendly service and clean atmosphere.  A must eat pizza.Ǿ
Pizza Rolls are fantastic, the marinara is probably some of the best I have tasted and I cannot put my finger on exactly what makes it so good.  Maybe because the marinara is made fresh and retains a certain "brightness" to it..  The guys working there were very friendly, which seems to be a rarity these days, and the prices are fantastic.Ǿ
Tried this place due to Yelp. Prefer NY style pizza. Restaurant is nice and manager was great. They are square slices and I really enjoyed the crust. Sauce was just ok and provolone was fine just the small crumbles did not enough flavor for me.  Pizza needs more seasoning so I guess I will stick with the pie style places.Ǿ
Awesome food!  Got to try it.  Crust and sauce are amazing.  Try the Italian sandwich!Ǿ
This pizza is an acquired taste. The original DiCarlos Pizza was opened in the Ohio Valley area of the country and is nothing like "normal" pizza. Having lived in that part of the country for a few years as a child, I love DiCarlos. Most people who didn't grow up with it don't like it, which is fine since the pizza is made differently from other pizzas. I think the pizza has that amazing homemade taste you can't get from the big, chain pizza places. I'm very happy there is a DiCarlos so close to where I love now!Ǿ
I was in town for the night and fired up Yelp and found this place close to the base.  The reviews said that it was kickass, just not "normal" pizza.  I'm down for a challenge.  So when I rolled in and ordered I was prepared to be amazed.  The guy that took my order told me how their pizza was (topping put on last), however if I wanted the toppings melted and cooked he'd do that for me.  I told him that I wanted the original, he complied.

It takes awhile for that goodness to be baked, however completely worth it.  Some of the best pizza I've ever had.  The crust was flawless, had flavor, and was sicilian style.  The sauced was flavorful without being overpowering.  The pepperoni and provolone cheese were perfect when put on last.

They ever gave me an extra slice for no reason, other than being awesome.

Go here if you want kickass unconventional pizza.  If you want cardboard I heard Pizza Hut might be open.Ǿ
This place is awful!!! It isn't Di Carlos anymore. It is "Di Worst" pizza ever! I tried it just to give it a shot and threw it away it was so gross! DO NOT EAT HERE!Ǿ
Pizza sold by the slice or "cut" as they put it.  Customize every cut of your pizza.  
Nice mom & pop type italian eatery on the West side.  The toppings are served room temperature on top of the baked pizza, this makes for a very fresh taste.  It also makes it hard to hide cheap or not fresh toppings, so they don't seam to cary to many of those.Ǿ
Awesome pizza. Pepperoni rolls are killer. Very nice customer service !Ǿ
Di Carlos is a drive for me but well worth it. It is a go-to place when I'm in the area and hungry as well as a destination when I'm in the mood for a reasonably priced delicious meal. 
First off- it must be said that this is the most different pizza you will ever have. The crust is crispy and delicious and cooked with only their delicious sauce. When it comes out of the oven, the toppings are placed on it. This includes the cheese. The cheese is grated mozzarella and is not melted. Try it!  Trust me!
You can ask for the toppings to be cooked with the crust, but at least try it as it's supposed to be. You wouldn't ask KFC to alter their recipe would you?  
The owner is super nice and fun to talk to. He's retired military and works his butt off to try and succeed. 
Their lunch specials are awesome. 3 slices (called cuts) and a fountain drink for $4.99. 
Give them a try!Ǿ
Their crust is flaky, crispy yet chewy and soft...imagine that! The sauce is probably the best ever, fresh not overly seasoned just very refreshing pizza marinara sauce...my kids think I would drink the think sauce plain...lol.  The difference with their pizza is they put the cheese and pepperoni on after it bakes...its really not bad at all. But I truelly like mine melted and pepperoni cooked a little more...I always take my cheese and pepperoni seperate and then do a quick bake off in oven to get it hot. But I would eat the other way no problem.  Their Calzones are by far the most decadent rich ones I have had here in the last 19 years....really a delicious item on their menu.  Service is friendly and well you just can't beat'em! Give them a try...you will be happy! Hands down, everything on the menu is superb!Ǿ
Nice friendly place, but the pizza is different than any pizza I've ever had. Who would try to reinvent the wheel with pizza?Ǿ
Excellent, loved the mixed olive pizza.  A box of pizza has six "cuts," or slices, and you can put any toppings on any cut that you want -- Ingenious!!  Even better?  A box is only $7.00!  The cheese bread is out of this world, and the pepperoni rolls are delicious too.  Be prepared to enjoy a treat!  The owner is an Air Force vet and the one employee who was working with him was Army, so I know I'm supporting a vet-owned and operated small business.  Great pizza, Mick!Ǿ
Absolutly the worst pizza my wife and i have ever tried. We are from chicago and know our pizza.  Crust was the only thing that was NOT bad and it was just average. Very little sausage and the cheese was bland and not melted. Way too many peppers on it. Just plain bad.Ǿ
If you're a person who like greasy pizza that's got the cheese sliding off and crust like a bicycle tire, then this isn't the pizza for you. Going in you should understand that the cheese and other ingredients are put on cold to save to flavor of said ingredients. It's a pizza in which you can truly taste the cheese. The crust is the best part. The bottom is crispy and flaky, and taking your first bite is amazing. All I can say is don't listen to the reviewers that say, "I'm from so-and-so and I know what good pizza is." No...you really don't. Try DiCarlos, and experience amazing pizza.Ǿ
I drove 6 hours to get this pizza.  That's how good it is.  Call me biased (being from Weirton/Ohio Valley) but, The Original DiCarlo's is like no other pizza. I have lived in California since 1992 and have yet to find any place close to as good as The Original DiCarlo's. If you live anywhere close to it.  You have to get in there and try it.  This place has a line out the door on the east coast.  I was surprised to see it slow.  
To that end....
I notice I could not google it easy.   It is a new shop (only of its kind for thousands of miles) so, I think there is some merit in getting a website w/photos on it. Plus, the IPhone Siri app does not recognize a DiCarlos Pizza in Litchfield Park, or Phoenix for that matter.  I think that could help this business out tremendously.  Folks need to be able to locate it. I drove back and forth three times out front of the shopping plaza before I noticed small spot between the tree lines, where you could see the sign high upon the building.  Once you are up close, it is difficult to see the signage due to pillars out front.  There really needs to be a sign out in the street so folks don't blow by it.
Worth the stop. Try for yourself and you will see what I mean. I recommend the fold in half and woof it down.  Soooo good!
The pizza is awesome and it should speak for itself so I will shut up now and let you be the judge.Ǿ
We had this pizza last night. We found it to be very good. The crust and sauce tasted homemade and delicious, the cheese tasted amazing and of good quality. Not being from the Ohio area we hadn't had Dicarlos before, so the cheese and toppings being put on after baking seems a bit strange to us-- but seriously it is amazing. I could eat this pizza everyday. It always tastes fresh and light and good homemade quality. They have a Monday football special of an xl pizza (16 slices) for $10.95 and it is a great deal for what you get. We love the plain cheese. And if you manage to save some for leftovers, it heats up really well in a skillet for a few minutes. (And I usually hate leftovers!) One thing I would mention that can be improved is seating in the restaurant . The chairs seem rickety and I wouldn't feel comfortable sitting in them for a meal. They do have a great bar type area for a quick lunch or dinner if you a party of one or two.I highly recommend this pizza place, I know we will be ordering from them several limes per month!Ǿ
Such a great version of pizza. Amazing crust and delicious sauce! The cheese is placed on after the pie comes out of the oven and allows you to taste the chopped mild provolone. Stop in and try their crispy square pie!Ǿ
Really wanted to like this place. How cool is the concept? But the sauce just wasn't for us, way to sweet, very very way too sweet. That being said the wings were good salad was ok and the guys behind the counter were helpful and had good attitudes but I just don't see coming back.Ǿ
People...read the reviews....the topping are put on after the pizza comes out of the 
oven...therefore the cheese and toppings are placed on cold.......if you don't like it
this way just tell them and they will melt your toppings......it's not that difficult.

Now to the Pizza....we use to get a pie to go after visting relatives in Stuebenville OH.
Found out by chance there was a Di Carlos nearby. We travel about 1/2 hr
once a month to take part in this delicious Pizza. Eat 2-3 slices while they make
an XL to go. Staff is great and you can watch them make your pie and it's like 
dining in the klitchen.....

If you try it once you can forget the rest of the brand name Pizza places.

It's unique but definitly worth my 5 star rating.Ǿ
Went in for lunch the other day.  Super friendly staff.  Talked to the manager about the baseball playoffs for 5 minutes while I was waiting for my calzone.

I ordered a 3 topping calzone for $8.  Pretty decent size and good flavor of the crust.  The toppings were a little iffy, but I still enjoyed the calzone.  I got italian sausage in it and it was like italian sausage crumbles, not necessarily italian sausage.  I'd go back though, and maybe try some of the square pizza.