Makes me wonder if there is something in the smoothies that has made the staff unfriendly. This was the second time I've been to this location and the first round of bad service wasn't a fluke.  It's a 24 Hour Drive Thru which rocks but I think I'll opt for the 24 Hour on Warm Springs and Durango from now on.  The food was still good, Hummus and Veggie was good stuff and the Blimey Limey was ironically sublime.  So my main downgrade is that the food lives up to the corporate stamp but the service is meh.  I waited at the drive thru call up for quite some time before someone felt honored enough to grace me with an inquiry for my order. Then when I got to the window, she opened it up, looked at her screen and said "Oh Crap" and then shut the window on me.  What happened after that was a case study for bad customer service.  The three staff members huddled around and talked and then when about eight minutes later she opened the window again, she said nothing and so I asked, "Is there a problem with my order?" and she says "No" and then she goes to the register to let me know what my total was and I hand her my credit card.  She runs the card but noticing that the window is open,decides to close it again in case I was getting any feeling of warmth.  She hands me the receipt to sign without saying a word and continues a conversation with her fellow staff.  She then hands me the drink and I put it in my cup holder and then with what might have been the most dismissive stance I've received, she continues to talk and hands the bag out the window not even looking at me. As I was a bother. I took the bag. Not a thank you uttered.  If I didn't know better I think I might have just been part of an elaborate comedic ruse where the girl was actually Bon Qui Qui. Which is good that I left immediately and didn't "get crazy" for fear she might "cuut" me.笑
Not sure how there are so many locations open here in Vegas since all the reviews seem to be mediocre at best and I couldn't agree more. 

Not a big smoothie person to begin with but there is a deliciously great smoothie place on lake mead called Berry Blendz. The fruit is fresh, they have a huge menu and different size options and I would go there any day. 

Because it's hot and I love Berry Blendz, I decided to try Tropical Smoothie. What a waste. The location is a new one, although they must have transferred the Yelp page over bc the reviews/ pics are from the previous location. The interior of this one is new and clean and refreshing and has a drive thru. 

There were three employees working all moving at glacial speed. I sat down at the bar top right next to the cashier but everyone behind the counter continued to just do their thing before anyone acknowledged me or took my order. I watched a girl make someone's sandwiches slower than I've ever seen anything in my life. 

The smoothies come in one size which in my option is stupid bc who needs a smoothie that big. But anyway, I was still excited to try it. I watched the employee make it which included ice, the smallest amount of fruit I've ever seen and tap water that was running from the sink they had going. My smoothie was so bland and flavorless. It was like blended ice with juice. And then I had this huge thing of it to drink for $6. 

Perhaps it was just this experience and others would be different although based on the reviews overall, I get the sense this experience  is pretty common. 

No thanks :)笑
So I have had a few bad experiences here and finally came to write a review. I ordered a Flatbread and they drenched it with buffalo sauce. Are they serious? Who would eat that?! They need to train their staff on how to make flatbreads! It just looks disgusting. Never going here AGAIN. Additionally, their menu is sold out of a lot of the menu items how can a business be sold out? The franchise owner clearly has no idea how to run their business from operations all the way to staff training.笑
OK experience overall
But when I walked in there was no one at the register and I had to wait a good 4 minutes till' a very chill dude came and took my order very smoothly.
I got the peaches n silk and I couldn't really taste the peach in the smoothie. 
I will still be returning in the future though since it was just one poor experience.笑
They take waaay too long here& its mostly like a hit or miss because sometimes they mess up the smoothies.. last time I went here.. The line at the drive thru was almost 15 mins long! Whats the point of a drive thru if youre gonna just take your sweet ass time to make it. 

Also, after the 15 min wait, I saw the girl texting on her phone.. O.o when she opened the window,no smile&no customer service ..   

There was also a time before that, my mom & I went through the same 15 minute wait drive through& when we got our smoothies it was so gross.. No sweetener.. It just tasted so bitter! 
 Its the closest trop smoothie by my house & I loathe going here when I want my fix.. i'd rather go to another location.笑
They have a drive thru. Already I'm sold. They have been friendly and efficient from the few times I have been and did I mention they have a drive thru?笑
While the food and drinks are quite delicious here, it is the wait time that has deducted the fifth star. 

I love the hummus & veggie wrap and the Acai Berry Boost, but seriously, what takes soooo long?!?!笑
We were craving a smoothie and pulled up and the place was empty. Good for us right? Wrong! The only person working was in the back and said she would be with us in a minute. While we decided what we wanted, she never came back to the counter to take our order, just took the orders from the drive thru. She could see us as she was standing less than three feet away and ignored us until we left. BTW there were ants on the counter which was another turn off. BAD customer service and dirty.笑
Poor customer service. Waited at the counter for 5 minutes before anyone even acknowledge I was there. This place was run by young kids. I didn't see one responsible adult in there. Finally after 10 minutes I got my wrap then had to wait longer for my smoothie. This location definitely needs a lot of improvement before I will go again.笑
This place really needs to reconsider what kind of employees they have working late night. I pulled up to the drive-thru 12/5 around 130a and the supposed "supervisor" denied me service. He just kept telling me "No you gotta go" I was really confused but I guess they just didn't feel like working. Management, if this is the case with your employees don't bother being open 24h then!笑
Love the chicken caesar salad but one to many times has my order been wrong. Staff sucks... So many teen employees in the back but customer service is lacking big time!笑
The slowest tropical smoothie ever. Drive through is a MINIMUM of 15 minutes even if there is only one car ahead of you. Terrible terrible terrible. But the staff is friendly and the product is fine.笑
Poor service, very slow. 20 minutes for a wrap and the guy at the cash register was very rude. I complained and he shrugged his shoulders. Owner was there and was only concerned with light bulbs, not customers. This place will last 6 months.笑
I come here once a week because it's close to my job but everytime I go thru the drive thru it's a 20 minute wait to get my order.  Absolutely ridiculous...hire more employees!笑
I love Tropical Smoothie, but unless they are growing the fruit while you wait there is absolutely no reason why I just sat in the drive-thru for 20 minutes when there was only one person ahead of me.笑
I go here all the time after my workout for the good smoothies. But I today was the first and last time I get a wrap here. I love my greens and was definitely disappointed when I took a bite just to find, not one, but EVERY piece of lettuce was very old, yellow and brown. If this is how the lettuce is I can only imagine the fruit in the smoothies that you can't see?笑
My daughter and I enjoyed our $4.99 smoothies today. The service at the drive thru was fast and friendly, so kudos to the young man working the window.  I had the Health Nut, and my daughter had the Acai Boost(?). Both met our expectations. The serving size is substantial. The nearby protein joints also make great smoothies but the price, the quality, and the convenience of the drive through make Tropical Smoothie Cafe a worthwhile stop. Five stars for the fact that they are open 24 hours and that you can get three for the price of two between 5pm and 7pm.笑
The drive thru needs better lighting. Yes, this is an upscale area, but sitting in your car with your wallet out in such an isolated spot, well let's just say I was grateful for my concealed carry permit.

The food was mediocre, at best. My wife gave me a coupon that pictured this really nice chicken miso pasta salad. But when I got it home, it was 1/2 the size of the one in the picture and was  mostly pasta. And it wasn't cheap! The only thing good is location, I stopped by after the gym (LVAC), and that they stay open late. But so does Roberto's, and their food is TWICE as good and costs less! 

I will probably only go  back when I'm in the mood for an expensive, but tasty, fruit smoothie. They have good drinks, it's true. But dinner? That's something they need to work on.笑
Best smoothies around. Food's pretty good too. Try the Health Nut smoothie with Whey Protein. For food go with the Thai Chicken wrap.笑
Hands down, consistently, the worst service I've gotten in Summerlin for the three years I've lived here. Actually it's not Summerlin. However, the drive through service is so bad. I keep coming back due to lack of options in the area.笑
"I was so disappointed with this place, that I was compelled to write this almost as soon as I finished eating." says Kellie A. in a review over a year ago.  Well lets start by saying that not a whole lot has changed in a year and that was my first thought on my drive back to work.

First off I already had read some of the reviews and it was a consistent "customer service is crap" here.  I didn't pick the place as I was meeting my friend for a lunch date.

When I walk in my friend is at the front of the line and there is a lady behind her.  No staff around.  We wait.  And wait.  And finally Mr. Ignacio shows up.  No greeting just asked my friend what she wanted to order.  When he finally got to me I ordered a Chicken Caesar salad and a diet coke.  He then asks me if I want a 12 oz or a 24 oz and without hesitation I order the 12 oz thinking the smaller is better....not fully realizing its a kids cup.  I pay for my meal (by the way he never told me how much it was) and he walks away.  No receipt.  No drink cup.  No "I will have your order right out".  So I move to the side to see if someone can help me.  Immediately he is annoyed and "thought" he gave me a cup (my kids cup).  I ask if THAT is 12 oz and he said yes.  Ok I guess?  Would have been nice to mention that little detail. The receipt without any conversation was awkward not knowing if he was going to give it to me or not.  Again he hands it to me and walks away in silence.  What a ball of joy this guy is.

So my name is called and I kindly thank the guy (another employee) for my lunch.  My girlfriend ordered the same salad and as I am a quarter through I look at her salad and realize mine doesn't have chicken.  I quickly look at my receipt and make sure I ordered it with chicken. Sure enough they forgot the chicken.  So once more I'm headed to the front with no one around waiting for assistance.  Mr. Ignacio's slow ass comes up and as nice as can be I state that my Chicken Caesar Salad is missing chicken-praying and hoping they don't spit on it.  No apologies just an argument of him wanting my salad back and me not wanting them to do bad things to it.  I informed him that he can bring out the chicken separately which he did and added extra to be nice I guess. Thanks but no thanks.  The chicken looked gross and was clearly nuked (a little cold in the middle).  Maybe that's why they drench the salad in dressing "over" the whole salad so you don't see the chicken-which is how my friend's looked when it came out.  

Anyways, I counted like 4 employees in the back.  Don't know what the heck they were doing because no one was up front unless forced to when a line piled up.  Not to mention not one of them paying attention to customers up front. This is exactly what I'm talking about how special it is to have a young person giving great customer service.  Because it is not often that you see that.  In this case with Ignacio, I cant believe they have him servicing people.  No personality and not one skill of customer service.  Very sad.  Lets just hope someone mentors the poor guy to grow up with a positive and friendly attitude. 

Like other reviews there isn't much to say positive. What a disappointment on all levels.  Maybe management should check out the reviews to realize after a year they aren't getting better...sigh.  Definitely will not be returning to this location.笑
As much as I would love to give this Tropical smoothie a good review I cant.  I've given it a few tries and after my last visit I will definitely not waste my time coming here again.

They're drive thru takes way too long, granted they offer sandwiches and eraps, no other food place takes this long for the drive thru.

This last visit I decided to go inside since I saw 4 cars in the drive thru.  As I went in, I was not greeted by anyone and it wasn't like my presence wasn't unnoticeable since I was standing right at the registers.  The 2 female associates making the smoothies saw me but didnt say anything, they could've greeted at least.  As I stood and waited another associate Miro? Came to the front, looked at me, and went to the back again.  NO ACKNOWLEDGEMENT.  

I was finally able to put my order in once the associate came back to the front, counted an existing register, and had a glance at their phone.

Im pretty frustrated with the service and the wait time, as Ive been sitting here long enough to write a negative review.  Working in the customer service industry I know places have poor customer service, but this place is pretty pathetic.  I guess to sum it all up, whether you choose drive thru or in store, both options you will receive the same customer "service" & wait time.笑
I'm truly not much of a complainer, but I honestly can't say I've ever had worse service than this in my life. 

The main reason we went here was for a quick and easy meal as we had somewhere to be in 30 minutes. We walked in around 1pm on a Saturday and there were a few people in the drive-thru, but for the most part they were empty. We order two wraps and a smoothie, sit down and wait. Ten minutes later our smoothie comes out, we're starting to get a little antzy, but no big deal. Another ten minutes roll by and nothing, at this point we've finished the smoothie and the staff become snarky when we ask for a time estimate. Not only were we ignored for 3-5 minutes while they were flirting in the back, but one girl literally walked by on her cell phone and looked right at us as if she could careless.

In the end, we received our food 40 minutes after ordering only to find it cold. If we wanted to spend that much time, we could've gone to a nicer restaurant. I've always liked Tropical Smoothie, but I can guarantee I will NEVER go back to this location again. Buyer beware, these children are unsupervised and obviously the owner could careless.笑
Horrible service!  Waited in drive thru for 20 min! The girl didn't acknowledge that I was waiting and I had to knock on the window to get her attention.   I asked for a refund and she had no clue what to do!笑
ACAI BERRY BOOST SMOOTHIE WITH NO SUGAR~!!!

..the best smoothie ever! haha I love this location because it's right by the 215, has a drive-thru, is open 24 hours & they have a buy 2 get 1 free smoothie special from 5-7 daily! The workers are nice and the food and drinks are good~ Sometimes the drive-thru line takes forever but if the line looks like it's too long I just go inside! It sucks that they got rid of my favorite wrap, Popeye's Favorite ;[[[ but that's corporate's fault!!!  

HOT TIP: don't forget to ask for a loyalty punch card and sign up for their free Club Tropical program that frequently sends out special discounts!笑
Yummy food and smoothies, but you can find that at any TS. The drive through here is painfully slow (I'm talking 20+ minutes to get my smoothie and an additional 15 for my flatbread) and the employees are totally unapologetic. Bummer, 'cause this is the location that's closest to my house! Guess I'll have to drive a bit further to get my TS fix!笑
Every time we come here it's something different. Today we asked for no tomatoes on our chicken caesar wrap, and they add tomatoes. We asked for a side of dressing, and they gave us about two drops of extra dressing, hmmm thanks!! We order a peanut butter cup, and they didn't even blend it correctly. Waited in the drive thru for 20 minutes and they can't even get our order right.  
We've already decided that we will no longer be coming to this location. Horrible service.笑
Really disappointed with my experience. Drive thru was disgusting! Window was filthy with fingerprints and stains all over. Drive thru attendant was unfriendly and unprofessional. The attendant looked unsanitary and his hands were sweaty when exchanging money. I was so disgusted I did not want to drink my smoothie. Proceed with caution!笑
My experience at this location is always pretty bad. The drive thru is so slow even if you're the only one in it. Half the time my smoothie tastes like it's very watered down. And I couldn't eat the sandwich I just got because the bread crumbled into ten pieces. They get one star for having a 24 hour drive thru, but this location really doesn't have anything else going for itself.笑
Came here after a work out to get a smoothie and as I was drinking it I noticed something crunchy. I was just thinking that it was pieces of vegetables that didn't get blended well but when I looked at it I found out it was pieces of paper - looks like part of a receipt or something with a skew on it. I don't understand how paper got anywhere near my smoothie.笑
I've been here multiple times, always looking to give it a second chance but without fail they get worse every time. Waited 15 minutes in the drive thru to get ONE smoothie. Last time I came here I waited 10 minutes. Seriously, unless you have an extra 30 minutes to spare to get one smoothie DO NOT come here. 

Not to mention after waiting for 15 minutes you would think that I would have the most heavenly smoothie in the world but no all I got was a cup of sour tasting smoothie. I love tropical smoothie but I will never be coming here again.笑
I really like this location for two reasons:

1. 10% off for LVAC Members when you show your Membership card
2. 24 hour Drive-Thru

They have an assorted choice of Low Fat, Specialty and Coffee Smoothies here. My favorites being Hawaiian Breeze (Pineapple, Orange and Non-fat Yogurt), Health Nut (Blueberries, Mango, Banana, Almonds, and your choice of either Whey or Soy protein), Acai Berry Boost (Acai, Pomegranate, Bananas, Blueberries and Strawberries).

And they also have a variety of food choices from salads to toasted wraps and Flatbreads. I had one of the wraps before, it was the Sesame Chicken. It was ok...the sauce they used in it was too strong for me, and very sweet ( in my opinion), and they used a lot which in turn made my wrap a bit soggy. However my favorite to order here is the Baja Chicken Flat Bread. Its Chicken, mozzarella cheese, green and red peppers, some onions, romaine lettuce and i think it was southwest ranch all on flat bread. Yum!!! 

They also have punch cards here!! Oh yea!笑
Horrible customer service in the drive through. The man we had didn't even greet us properly after having waited at the order box for 5 minutes. No hello. No thank you. He didn't even read us back the order nor did he tell us what our total was. Very rude. Tropical smoothie: train your employees correctly

The drive-thru line takes forever. I actually am writing this review right now as I sit in my car with 3 other vehicles in front of me.

We have been in this drive thru for over 15 minutes now.

Update. We are now finally at the window. Man did not even say hello and just told us the order. Uneventful. Man did not even give us a receipt so I could put his name down. 

Worst drive thru service I have ever gotten at a tropical smoothie.笑
I hate this place. I only have a few options for lunch and this is one. There is NEVER anybody at the front and I have to shout EVERYTIME to get someone to take my order. They never say sorry and the employees look run down. This place has consistently left a negative impression on me and I have been going here for 4 months. This place needs me management bad!! UGH!!笑
This location is not the best. I prefer the locations without drive thru's, because they just don't seem staffed enough to do both. Also, I was told by someone I know who is an employee, that they are no longer doing punch cards. The drive through line is usually horrendously long, and even if it isn't I usually have a 15-20 minute wait. If you go inside, sometimes they will forget about your smoothie or food entirely. But, there's a 50/50 chance the drive through will only have a car or two and the wait isn't too long which is probably the only reason I haven't stopped coming entirely.笑
Great food and service but clean your disgusting drive up window. It is absolutely gross, see picture.笑
This tropical smoothie is terrible! Shawn here has a terrible attitude. This smoothies here are not as thick as other locations. You have so many choices near by. I will skip this location.笑
Very bad service! Went in earlier today and they forgot to make my smoothie. People that ordered after me got there's first. I waited around 20 minutes and had to ask 3 times about it before I got it. Very lazy staff. And my smoothie was horrible it had no flavor my friend got the detox smoothie and hers was disgusting to. Don't waste your time or money coming to this place.笑
They moved... 
the new address is 9773 W. Flamingo Road. Their smoothies aren't as tasty as the ones on Jones & 215.笑
My fiance just picked up a king caesar wrap with a kiwi quencher around 11 pm. My wrap was rolled in a regular wrap that tasted like a flour tortilla, not a garlic herb tortilla. Also, the wrap was almost completely flat, it had very little substance other than the smear of caesar dressing. 

The wrap was rolled in a small, white, thin sheet. Not even in their traditional logo sheet.

I wouldn't have even eaten it if I wasn't starving. I only picked at it.

On top of that, the worker wouldn't accept my tropical smoothie rewards so I may get the credit for this purchase.笑
This is the slowest drive thru in the entire valley. Food is ok, smoothies are good, people are nice. Just service is slowwwwww. 

Wrote that^ while i was waiting in the drive thru. Which took 20mins. Then I got Tacos in stead of my wrap and no chips, had to walk in to get it fixed. Which defeated the purpose of going through the drive through. Lady that helped me was clueless and waited for my wrap which took another 10 mins. If I had time for a half hour lunch I would've sat down somewhere and enjoyed myself. Poor service. No manager on duty at 2pm by the way.笑
Went here today after my work out at LVAC, which I'm pretty sure alot of people do. The wait time at drive thru was insane!! Almost HALF AN HOUR just to get to the intercom which my order only took 2 mins to place then another half an hour to actual get to the window. Best part is my smoothie was ready BUT NOT MY FOOD! I'm sorry if I'm waiting HALF AN HOUR and it's a SANDWICH my food better be warm or something but NOPE!! It looked like a 3 year old made my food!! This location in customer service and quality has went down tremendously!! They seriously need better management!!笑
Came here around 3 ish pm. I would definitely read all these reviews. There were 2-3 people working today and it seems like they're still like understaffed or so what. I just ordered 2 smoothies and the waiting game began. Then there were too many people who ordered after me. They got their stuff before I got mine. Like seriously, don't you guys have the receipts and numbers to organize everything that you guys have to make? Do this first, then do this next?! Ughh, this location sucks!笑
Fast drive through and very friendly employees. They have never screwed up my order and the food is fresh and tasty. The quality is consistent and I have no complaints. I have my favorites here which are the Hawaiian Breeze smoothie and the Thai Chicken salad.笑
Not sure why the bad reviews. Always had a pleasant experience at this location. Great customer service but a tad slow on making the food and drinks. Others than that, good spot. Jamaican Jerk Chicken wrap is the bomb!笑
Asked for a Thai Chicken wrap with Beyond Meat chik'en instead of chicken.  Asked for orange or apple as the side instead of chips.  Waited for almost 20 minutes (5 other customers after me got their food before I did).  I check the food before leaving (as usual).  

The wrap has NOTHING on it except for slivered carrots and the sauce.  The wrap is more the size of a street taco, than a big wrap.  No other veggies, no Beyond Meat.  No fruit either.  So I tell the clueless teenager behind the counter that the entire order is wrong.  She doesn't say a word, just grabs the food out of my hands and takes it to the back.  

Comes back about 15 minutes later to tell me they're out of fruit.  After threatening to walk out with a refund, 25 minutes later I get my wrap.  I complain to corporate, never heard anything back from them.  This location is OFF MY LIST, even if they were the last restaurant on earth.笑
As an LVAC (Las Vegas Athletic Club) member, I like to come here after the gym or if I'm in the area. They give discounts if you're an LVAC member, have punch cards, & even have a happy hour. (Buy 2 get 1 smoothie free) Tropical Smoothie does deals that get sent to you via text message as well. They have fresh tasting smoothies with a considerate portion! I even wish they had a small size. For healthy options, you can soy/whey protein and even splenda instead of sugar. I recommend the Mango Magic & their sandwiches! Their food menu's really good as well. It makes a lovely snack anytime or after a workout. This location's 24 hours!笑
Sometimes I need a sugar fix, riding around in the car with my dog, so this is a great place to get my fix- smoothies fix that is?
1. drive thru window,yeah no need to get out of the car
2. super cool and friendly staff
3. open 24 hrs with happy hour special
just make sure to mention, not to make it too sweet,as they get a little crazy with the sugar and/or splenda... and certain time of day the drive thru I must admit ,can be slow, but just turn up the tune, and relax....笑
Tropical Smoothie Café has some tasty smoothies.  I especially like their Sunrise Sunset smoothie which is quite refreshing!  Made with Splenda, the calories are limited and make the drink a nice treat.

I've stopped here before to get a wrap and a salad and the staff was efficient and friendly.  Since there's are two TS outlets nearer to my home, this outlet would be my pick if I wanted to stop for a late night smoothie.笑
So usually come to this location for the 24hour drive thru late night. The late night staff is always good. Came in about a week ago in the late afternoon and had terrible customer service so felt the need to do an updated review. We ordered four smoothies to go. Noticed in the car that two of the smoothies looked great and the consistency they should have. The other two however were so thin that it was literally the consistency of water. Never have seen a smoothie look that thin especially when the other two I ordered looked how they were supposed to. Went back inside to ask them to remake  just those two. The guy behind the counter, Shawn had the worst attitude. I'm amazed this guy is employed in customer service because he is terrible at it. He was immediately confrontational when asked to remake them. Showed him what they looked like and his reply was "yeah that's just how they come out sometimes nothing we can do" um excuse me?!? Said again we wanted them remade he then says " we don't remake anything unless it doesn't taste right" really? I have worked in food service for many companies all of which would instruct its employees to remake an item if it's not right. My theory is that I'm pretty sure he was the one that mixed those two smoothies and for some reason took personal offense to being told they were not made properly. 

So after literally arguing about them making our order wrong he rolls his eyes then instructs the girl in the back to remake them then hides in the back right by where the smoothies are made. Hell no I'm not taking it at this point. Asked for a manager who of course was not there. Demanded refund. I'll give the other girl on duty credit kaylene or something like that. She came to the register apologized and offered to remake them. After being treated so poorly we just wanted a refund and to go to the other location down the road. She refunded us no questions asked and apologized again. This location should have more employees like her and get rid of the bad ones like Shawn who argues with customers when a smoothie is made wrong.笑
We got here at 1:14 and ordered 5 smoothies. The people I came with said that service here is epically bad, all of the time. In fact, they estimated 25 minute wait time for our smoothies. They noted a prolific bad smell in the restaurant, never more than 2 employees working at a time and all employees looking unkempt and frankly dirty. 

Today was different. We got all 5 smoothies by 1:21. What a shock. I had to dock the score to 4 stars because the drive through register cashier's shirt was in fact, filthy.笑
Their customer service is absolutely terrible. Stood at the counter for 15 mins, not one acknowledgement. Every time we go to this location, the service is terrible and the food is mediocre. It sucks because this is the location closest to our home. They should seriously shut this place down or find new management.笑
I've been here about 5 times in the past month and a half. It's the closest smoothie place to my house so very convenient HOWEVER every single time- the service is super shitty, I'm not one to complain very much but today was the last straw. We ordered then pulled up to the window- it was a solid 5-7 minutes before the cashier even opened the window and when she did all she said was "$11.87"... not a "sorry about that, we're super swamped today I apologize for the wait. How are you today?" Nothing. Handed her $12 and she took it and closed the window, opened it again handed me my change and the smoothies and shut the window again. No thank you or have a nice day... I'm done with this place, I will drive to a further smoothie place like Jamba Juice笑
Jus got back from tropical smoothie drive through (9/5/10)about 10:15pm. I ordered two piña colada smoothies , drove up to the window and waited.....  Saw 3 employees inside laughing having a good time nobody acknowledged us for at least 15 mins before I got fed up and left. Terrible customer service it was like they forgot about us , I think they did . Oh well I will never go back ,too bad their smoothies are very good if your lucky to get one .笑
Got a lunch today through the drive thru and it was disgusting. I was so disappointed when we got home. I got my kids a cheese quesadilla and the cheese was not melted at all. I got a turkey wrap and it was drenched in so much sauce it was inedible. I will never come back to this location笑
I like the other locations but would not recommend this one! Have been here several times and the place is always dirty. Tonight, they have broken down boxes laying on the counter, toilet paper box on the back counter, the bathroom is filthy and there are no paper towels in the bathroom. In addition, they have made the smoothies twice and they taste horrible!笑
The drive thru is always slow!!! Which I usually don't mind until tonight. If I wait 10+ minutes, I expect to get my drink on point. I don't want to wait for a drink that was made then sitting on the counter and melted once given to me. On top of that, the drink I got was made wrong. Don't even waste your time here.笑
Completely HORRIBLE drive thru experience! Waited about 20mins in the drive-thru during my lunch break! While in line I called them and asked why was the line taking so long and not moving? I was thinking maybe computer difficulty or register problems, idk.. They said their current customer had a large order, then she went ahead and ordered a lot more when she was going to pay! HELLO?! MAKE HER PARK and come in! Other fast food drive thrus even have a special parking spot for drive thru customers with longer waits!!  Isn't the purpose of a drive thru for convenience?all that waiting for one customer? They are inconsiderate of the other waiting cars, I mean they know her order is taking long- a bunch of sandwiches!  So on this phone call I asked why didn't you guys have her park? They went and said "oh yea I guess we should've done that"... OMG I wish there was a way I could've just drove away but I was sandwiched between cars :/. Absolutely unacceptable. This establishment should know better.笑
I hate this location. Idk if they need more staff or what but the service is so damn slow and never an apology. The last few times I've come they either don't have what I want or the quality is subpar. I'm actually sitting in their drive thru right now and I intend to drive off without my food. A man two cars ahead actually just got out of his car to see what's taking so long. I will never return笑
.......I actually visit this location quite often because they have a drive thru. That being said do let me comment that the employees there can vary in service from average to completely rude.
....... I do recommend that you try your drinks before leaving to check for errors.  I have been fortunate to have the correct mixture combination for each of order except for once which I had them remake
....... Tropical smoothie cafe offers a text service where they will text you coupon and the coupons, about once a week at least sometimes more for some pretty good deals. Sometimes the free food with the purchase sometimes half off on your drink sometimes buy one and get one free.
....... Too many smoothies?... Live alone only based one drink.  I have good tip for you.   You need a freezer and a blender. I have found I put my second smoothie in the freezer I've left it there from  days up to a weeks. When I am ready for it I take it out let it semi-thaw.  Once its soft on outer perimeter but a little more stiffer on the center core I put it in the blender run the blender and BAM JUST LIKE NEW!!!笑
Wish I had read these reviews before wasting $8 here. This place has no redeeming qualities. I stopped in for a "healthy" lunch on the go. Ordered the buffalo wrap with just buffalo chicken and mozzarella (yes I know it's plain) and it took quite a while to make. I didn't mind the wait because I assumed that meant it would be super fresh...wrong! What I got was a cold tortilla drenched in buffalo sauce, unmelted cheese and a few chunks of dry chicken. Absolutely disgusting. 

Only thing worse than the food was the customer service, if you can even call it that. The girl behind the counter was very short and rude. Not one "hi, thank you, have a good day" or anything resembling friendliness. Also, there was a lady who I assume was the manager or owner doing an interview right there in the middle of the eating area. The interview started and ended before I even got my food, and the lady interviewing him sounded as short and rude as the girl working the counter. The interviewee should consider himself lucky if he doesn't get the job.笑
I love tropical smoothie this location is nice. I have never gone in but I've been through the drive through a few times. The line moves quick. The staff seems young, there's been a few instances where the card machine wasn't working but luckily I've had cash. Wish their happy hour was more like 2-5 instead of 5-7. Overall nice location and tropical smoothie is the best笑
Not sure why this location has such bad reviews... I never got stellar service, I mean its mostly teens working here so... Customer service isn't #1, but I get decent service, exactly what I rode and never have to wait too long.  Drive-thru is a plus!!笑
I have no idea what all these bad reviews are for ! 

Came her at 5:39pm ordered 4 smoothies and got them all within 5 minutes and the cashier was very friendly and smiling !! 


Love this tropical smoothie !! Our smoothies were made to perfection and very tasty !笑
First I tried going to the Tropical Smoothie Cafe on Fort Apache. Despite it being 10 mins to closing time, they said they were already closed. Okay I could deal with that. So I drove around and found this Tropical Smoothie Cafe that had a 24 hour drive through window.

I wasn't really sure that I wanted a smoothie, and maybe that was my mistake. So I decided to order one of their sandwiches. Big miscalculation. I ordered the Hummus Among Us. It is literally two slices of store bought bread, with store bought hummus, tomatoes, peppers and lettuce stuffed in between. For that amount of effort it shouldn't have taken more than a minute to make the thing, yet it did.笑
Buy 2 get 1 free smoothies 4-7! Had no clue, came to get 2 smoothies ended up walking out with another... It was hard making up my mind between 2 different smoothies, but ended up getting both anyways.笑
Delicious Smoothies, but why one size???


My beef with this smooth criminal is that there is only one size smoothie to order, and that size is HUGE-NORMOUS.  I have never finished a smoothie from here, and when they are frozen they get icy and lose their appeal.  Offering a smaller size would be an easy thing to do, and I imagine more profitable as well.

The drive-through line is usually very slow here as well, since the food takes a few minutes to assemble.  

The food is ok, the smoothies are fantastic, just too big.  

Come on, I know us Americans are big, but can't we get a little less lovin' sometimes Tropical Smoothie Cafe??笑
I've been to this location (W. Flamingo/Grand Canyon) three times in the past month. Every time, I've had to wait 15 minutes or more for one smoothie. Twice I went into the cafe and once I went through the drive-thru. 

When I tried the drive-thru, there were only 3 cars in line. Waited in line for 15 minutes, only to be told (when I got to the window) that they didn't get my order so I had to wait another 5 minutes as they made it. 

The last time I went in (on a Sunday afternoon), I waited almost 25 minutes for one smoothie!!! It looked like there was only one person working the register and the same person was making the smoothies. Right before I left, I saw 3 other employees pop up, but who knows what they were doing the whole time.

Won't go to this location ever again.笑
Service: Great 
Food: Good 
Restaurant: Clean & Tropical
Restroom: Clean
Return Visits: Yes, as soon as I complete this review :)
Favorites: Peaches and Silk, Cordon Bleu Toasted Wrap

I love this location. It's 24 hours, there is more than 3 tables unlike some other locations, outside seating-- tables are like little tiki huts, very tropical! Also, being across an LVAC is a huge plus :)

This was the first time that I tried the food and I was pretty impressed!  As I said when I was eating, "MmMm, It's surprisingly good!" as I was nodding my head. I really didn't expect it to be so good.

NOTE: 4pm to 7pm 2-for-1 Smoothies笑
The smoothies are not bad only come here for the buy 2 get 1 free between 5-7. Otherwise its just ok if you're looking for a spur of the moment smoothie i would come here other then that no.笑
Love this location with the drive through!  They are very polite and efficient.
I had my usual buffalo chicken wrap, which is so delicious, have never found a wrap this good w buffalo chicken, the sauce just spicy enough and so tangy!  The Romaine lettuce and diced tomotoes balance it, with the lo cal Mozzarella cheese - tip:  I usually reheat that way the cheese melts into it!  Also had the Pineapple Delight - yummy! The pineapple delicious, bananas making it sweet, and the orange balancing out the sweetness.  Tasted like Hawaii in the mouth! Enjoy summer at this place!笑
It seems like everyone's first day in this place. It's taking half an hour to get a single smoothie out then they are getting sent back. It also seems like they forgot about 4 orders while I was there. Don't go here笑
Definitely the worst tropical smoothie I have ever been to. I have never been through the drive though shorter than at least half an hour. The biggest problem is that they are ALWAYS understaffed. The poor guy that works at about 11pm most nights is the only person there, and seems to constantly be dealing with really angry customers because it takes so long for their food to be made. Management is a joke for doing that to that staff member and themselves. Don't bother coming here, when there are so many other smoothie options in the area (since located next to LVAC) that will crush any tropical smoothie recipe.笑
Came here for the millionth time and had a different worker than the guy who's usually here. I get the same smoothie every time, peanut butter cup. This one tastes like water. Not over exaggerating, it's terrible. Idk why there isn't consistency but it's so watered down it tastes like watered chocolate with bananas.笑
The smoothies are delicious, and it's nice that they have wheat grass shots. but I was really disappointed when we went there for lunch. All of the food is pre made and cannot be made custom to order. The sandwich bread was rubbery and soggy. I was not impressed!笑
This is my second review of this place and again this location is the worst out of all of them. First off after waiting 20-25 minutes in the drive through I get my three smoothies and then drive 15 minutes home to find all three taste horrible and that they didn't add the sweetener and flavor I ordered. I drove back and told the cashier and his response was "I didn't make them". I don't care who made it just fix the problem. 

When will I learn to never go to this location. Maybe this is the last straw. Tropical Smoothie Grand Canyon you suck!!!笑
As far as smoothies go, Tropical Smoothie makes awesome smoothies.  I like the Tropi Colada and the Acai Berry Boost with Splenda. They also make pretty good wraps and sandwiches. I usually get the wasabi roast beef sandwich.

This is one of the locations that are open 24 hours. Which is great when you want a smoothie at night. They have a great staff here. The drive thru line seems to always run smoothly. I don't recall ever having to wait too long.

This location also has a great deal. If you buy two smoothies you get one free between 4pm and 7pm every day.笑
Just left without being served. Two employees behind the wall, one on break. No one came out to take my order or even greeted me through the window.笑
A smoothie shop with a 24 hour drive-thru?!?! Say whaaaaat? That is so awesome!! Okay, so maybe I'm just a little too excited about this place. But keep in mind that for the past 4 years, I lived in Irvine, CA where the only 24 hour things we had was a 7-Eleven, Denny's, one donut shop, and one CVS store. 

One day I was craving a smoothie and immediately thought, I'll go to a Jamba Juice! Then I learned that they did not have any locations near where I lived. But that's okay because I discovered Tropical Smoothie Café, which is better in my opinion!

This past week, I came here two days in a row because I liked it so much! When I first walked in, I was surprised to see a full menu of smoothies and food, for some reason I thought they just had drinks. Good to know that I can also grab food for breakfast or lunch here! So far I have tried the Acai Berry Boost and the Paradise Point Smoothies. Both were very good and made perfectly (not watery)! I also have my eye on other flavors that I want to try next. On my second visit I ordered the Paradise Combo, which is any smoothie + a wrap, sandwich or a salad (you pick one) + chips or fruit. It was $9.99, but for all that I think it was worth the price. I tried the Sesame Chicken Salad, which was pretty good. They even gave me extra dressing, even though I didn't ask for any. 

Customer service is great as well, friendly employees and no mistakes on my orders so far. Don't forget to join Club Tropical on their website. You get a free smoothie on your birthday! This is my new favorite smoothie place!笑
Probably the slowest service in Vegas. I have tried to give them multiple chances. I am currently the only one in store and it's going on 5 minutes and they still have not taken my order. They keep saying they will be with me. It's incredible how slow they are. They need to hire more people or something. Go to the one right down the street on Tropicana. I am always in and out in less than 2-3 minutes笑
I love Tropical Smoothie, but this location is terrible. I had to wait 11 minutes in the drive through (I timed it) and I couldn't leave because there was someone in front and behind me. The staff seems nice, but the service is slow and their orders are inaccurate.笑
I went through the drive-thru at 9:15 pm on 3/25/2013.  I was the 5th car in line.  I am not exaggerating when I say the wait was 20 minutes!  The inside closes at 9:00.  Why they don't stay open until 9:30 or 10 pm is beyond me. I have been told by others that they always have a line in the drive thru at 9:00-9:30 pm... First, the drive thru speaker is so bad, I couldn't hear the girl taking my order and vice versa.  Repeated it 3 times before she got it right.  Once we got to the window, the person taking order stepped away to help with food - she didn't seem to be wearing gloves to handle the food or wash her hands, but maybe?  Anyway, when she came to the window in about 7-8 minutes, she handed me the bag of food/3 smoothies.  I asked her if we got chips with our wraps and she said yes.  I then said, what kind of chips do you have.  She said, "sorry, all we have our sun chips, so you can't really choose".  Once I got home, we had 1 pkg of lays salt/vinegar, 1 cheese sun chips and 1 original sun chips.  She was too lazy to even ask us which chips we wanted and instead lied to me.  Then, I checked my punch card and she cheated me 1 punch.  Also, didn't even offer me my receipt.   We ordered 3 different wraps - none were marked, so we had to peel apart the wraps to determine which is which.  This particular tropical smoothie is definitely a 1 star as far as employees/management goes.  I will start going to a different Tropical Smoothie from now on.   There is no need to go here - there are many other choices of places to eat -- I can make a healthier smoothie at home if this is my only option.  Management needs to figure out a way to move the drive thru wait time to less than 20 minutes and fix the pathetic worker attitudes!笑
Trust these reviews. My first time at this location was yesterday and I was in the drive thru for 13 minutes for a wrap & a smoothie AND I was the first & only customer in their drive thru. It also wasn't until after the 12 minute mark that they came to the window, I was not greeted or even told hello, or given a smile. Just *opens window* "$8.00." Wtf? Okay. I smiled & said hello, assuming she needed the smile more than I did. No receipt, no napkins.

I decided to give it a second chance today and their DT speaker had a sign that said no cards bc the system is down, cash only. Again, I was the first and only in line. I made my order, the same as yesterday, and proceeded to the window. 9 minute wait time and "$7.53." Again, I smiled & said hello (this was a different woman this time) and you'd think they would return the greeting? Anyway, I gave her a $100 bill and she said she had no change for that. I told her her sign said cash only since I can't use my card and she says "I don't know what to tell you if I don't have change." So I took my money back, and left. I definitely won't be coming back to this location. No wonder they have such crappy reviews. They're all true.笑
WORST LOCATION EVER! Employees are totally unprofessional. Horrible customer service, 95% of the time they get my order wrong, wait time is always at least 15 minutes. The manager needs to figure it out and fix that place up because it is BRUTAL!笑
When I'm sick and unable to eat anything except out of a straw, it's smoothie time. This location has a 24-hour drive thru, which I find interesting.  The drive thru takes a while, though, even if you are the only person in it.

I got the peanut butter cup smoothie, one of their indulgent smoothies, because it was the only thing that sounded good.  It's chocolate, banana, and peanut butter.  The flavors didn't really meld together for some reason.  I would get a mouthful of banana, then a mouthful of peanut butter.  Didn't taste much chocolate, even though it was the dominant color.  And there was no way I could finish it all.  Their smoothies are huge.

Anyway, good in a pinch and may satisfy those late night smoothie cravings, for those who have them.  Between 4-7pm, if you buy 2 smoothies, you can get a 3rd free... at this location only.笑
Last time I come to this location. Quality of customer service is poor. First visit I waited a long time to receive smoothie and my special request was forgotten. So I refrained from coming for awhile and visited other locations. Today I decided to give another chance to this location. I get to the window and had to make a slight correction to my smoothie. I waited 5-8 min for a cashier to come to the window. I asked if it was too late to make a correction to my order. She replied yes because my smoothie was made before I had the chance to purchase. I thought it wouldn't be a problem to make a correction because there was no one else in the drive-through. I paid for my drink and drove off unhappy. Needless to say I won't return to this location笑
I had my hair appointment next door at 10am so as soon as I was done around 11am I decided why not grab lunch now while there is a drive thru and I have a quick few minutes to spare. I am a frequent customer of Tropical Smoothie not at this location but I always order the same thing at the Sahara/Fort Apache location and never had a problem. I ordered the Acai smoothie and a honey ham and swiss flatbread sandwich. The employee at the window wasn't very friendly. The smoothie wasn't terrible but my sandwich was surprisingly horrible! No honey, barely any ham or lettuce and the bread was cold. That is my go to sandwich that I always order because I know it's not hard to make and wow, whoever made it had no idea what they were doing as that sandwich cost me $4 and their way of making it wasn't even worth $1. I notified TSC on twitter and they offered to comp my next meal if I said my name but to me there is no point in returning to a location that would hire someone and not train them to do the job. I have not returned to the Sahara location out of no interest for TSC anymore but I hope to sometime in the future give them a second chance over this awful location.笑
Love this place , but they need to work on their drive-thru. They are extremely slow and the smoothies even taste rushed like they miss ingredients...笑
Conveniently open 24 hours a day! Little slow during gym rushes but I try to avoid coming during Those times. Staff always friendly, especially when you tip. Seems like they can't show their tip bucket anymore but I know how this city works. Tasty, fresh and always helps cool me down. Thanks!笑
I just want to say that Hannah the GM is AWESOME!!! I came in today after having an issue on an earlier visit. She went out of her way to make sure that I was taken care of and my order was corrected. She listened to my concerns and fixed the issue with no questions asked. Kuddos TSC for hiring her! She is wonderful. Thank you Hannah for everything!笑
I usually came here after working out at LVAC or doing Bikram yoga. A fair majority of the time, the service was terrible. I usually went late in the evenings between 8-10 PM. Either they gave me the wrong order, the wrong side, the music was too loud in the kitchen (unprofessional), the wait was RIDICULOUS, or a combination. What made me finally stop coming was when I pulled up in the drive-thru to order, the person told me to "wait just a sec"...no kidding, ten minutes later, I backed out & drove to the Tropical Smoothie on Durango & Warm Springs -- where service is a million times better. I had two similar experiences prior to the final straw. What the heck are they doing in there?! Management, I hope you know how terrible your service is, and if you knew better, you'd put an end to it. If I could, I'd give you negative stars.笑
So nice. Cut my Jamaican Jerk in 1/2. Wrapped it separately and gave me 2 kids cups so I could take my kids separate lunches.笑
The wait here was horrible.  I was trying out Tropical Smoothie Cafe and got the Lean Machine. I asked what their Turbinado additive was and I was NOT impressed either.

The "Lean Machine" drink was OK. Not worth the 15 minute wait... AND they weren't even busy.  I was warned my by friends about this place, but tried it anyway.

The guy at the counter was not very friendly either.

Never coming here again.笑
After getting our Zumba on, I wanted a smoothie to cool down, so using the trusty Yelp App,
we found this location.

We were even more thrilled to see a 24 HOUR DRIVE THRU!!!! We also had good service despite many other reviews mentioning not-so-good service.

My Hawaiian Breeze sure did hit the spot, and 10% off from showing your LVAC membership card is an added bonus!....ALOHA!!!

YELP 365 CHALLENGE-(154/365) "Thirst Aid Station"笑
Amazing - the slowest service EVER.  Great smoothies - but the worst service.  Waited 12 minutes for ONE drink.  CRAZY! Absolutely no urgency - management seriously needs to improve on the way they do business.  Unacceptable.笑
It never fails. Every time I go to this location there is something wrong. Either messed up order, smoothie not fully blended, gave me back nearly  $5 in quarters as my change (are you kidding me) and now tonight they can only serve food not smoothies. You are called tropical smoothie, how can you not serve smoothies, especially when your food is garbage.笑
So haven't been here in a couple years but I was hungry for a wrap and I wish I would have gone to the McDonald's in next door. So I ordered a wrap which was $8+ because it includes a side that I didn't want but is mandatory apparently and it took like forever for the clerk to open the window with no greeting just a price. I get home and the wrap is ok at best but while I'm eating I notice they left like half a damn carrot in there maybe for texture who knows but I know I will never return. Hey manager your ratings are shit maybe you should work in that笑
They moved. Place is nice, clean, and brand new. Seating is sparse for the amount of open space.

Lastly, I know they're new but put up a sign with your hours! I walked in at 915. They were making smoothies. I was standing right there. They said "sorry inside is closed drive through only." Uh then lock your door. Why can't you help me if I'm standing right there-- that would be excellent customer service. I'm sure your till doesn't make a difference if the money was taken in versus out. Lock the door after me. 

I walked right out and across the street.笑
The owner of this tropical smoothie cafe should be ashamed of themselves it's always 1 person working the lines are always long and then management do not care笑
I can understand the wait times during lunch hour, seems a couple locations only have 1 or 2 employees during  lunch hour which is insane.

Anyway, came here at 530am after  the gym,  no issues. My chia banana strawberry was awesome, the girl who was there doing drive thru was  nice and i got my smoothie  quick. Sorry i don't  know your name! :(  but thank you. I know working graveyard can be rough, i do the same shift. :)笑
Mediocre service and they gave me a cup with a huge dent/hole in the bottom. They really need to pay attention to what they're doing.笑
The customer service was very bad went in today and they made me wait so long at the drive thru and when they finally talked through it there was no apology for the huge wait笑
Slow and poorly managed.  Waited 20 minutes for 4 smoothies. The girl taking my order also decided to share with me that the kitchen was a "complete disaster" and "kind of gross" won't be back.笑
Only cool guy there ia David. He works the night shift and he is awesome. He busts his ass n does an excellent job! Keep it up man!笑
Love this trop shop! It's really cleaned up over the past year and I think the smoothies are always delicious! I usually get the chicken caesar wrap with extra dressing and it is addicting!  The drive thru might take a little while sometimes but that's only when they're busy inside and even then the smoothie is delish when you do get it. :)笑
It would be a one star if it wasn't for the punch card. 24 hour drive through and specials. 

My drink; strawberry, banana and dark chocolate tasted like pure strawberries. I couldn't taste the banana and only at the bottom of the drink the chocolate. I wouldn't get it again. The only reason I drank it is because my car has no tint and I was dying from the heat.

My husband got the mango one and it was pretty watered down. I'm not a big mango fan but he is and he said he had, had better.笑
I wish this location of tropical smoothie could do a little bit better. Every time I give this place another chance, I find myself waiting in the drive-through for almost 15 to 20 minutes just for a smoothie. Only good thing I can say is that the smoothies are good!笑
Well this location happens to be right by LVAC and stays open 24 hours a day. So even though it was almost 9 pm the drive thru took almost 15 minutes to get thru and get our order. That being said it's nice to know there's an alternative to McDonald's when your heading home after a late night out at the club or casino. 

I tried the Chicken Cesar wrap and a protien shake. Both were about what I expected. I had a Mango flavored smoothie with protien. I'd of prefered maybe an option for a smaller portion because these drinks can have so many calories, but it was Tasty! The wrap was a tad bit on the warm side. I prefer a wrap like this be cold and crisp but it was almost hot. I'm guessing possibly because they had just cooked the chicken? But either way, it was good and I'll probably order it again next time.笑
This service is literally the slowest thing I have ever witnessed. First the man said through the drive thru, "give me a minute." We waited for 10 minutes with multiple cars behind us. There was one person working which is probably the reason why it took so long. Second it took another 15 minutes to make the smoothies which doesn't make sense. Thirdly the clueless bastard smacked the smoothie up against the window and spilt most of the smoothie out and still handed it too us. The smoothie has too much liquid in it and tastes like soggy water from the amazon river. Jesus Christ it was so awful I wanted to drive back to the shop and smack the smoothie up against the window and drive away very pleased. DO NOT GET THE LEAN MACHINE WITHOUT SOY PROTEIN!!!! I am disgusted with this shop....笑
Avoid this place with every ounce of will power you have , it is never fast , I won't go there anymore but I have given it a few more try's and now I am done . 

2 people ahead of me and it took 42 minutes for a smoothie and drink , absolutely ridiculous . 

Go to a different one .笑
I use to love this place but I'm done! Slow rude service. The place is filthy dirty. The last three time I came my order was messed up. Where do they find these people. The consistency on food and smoothies is inconsistent.  You never know what you're going to leave with?笑
Disappointment doesn't begin to describe the food, the service or the cleanliness of this location.
We ordered the Spinach Salad, add grilled chicken. It is advertised with raspberry vingarette. We received a yogurt ice creamy dressing. We asked for the proper dressing, they didn't have it. The salad had syrupy canned peaches-what! That's a healthy salad?
More importantly, the employees, the new kid, who has been here for 2 weeks was nice, the others, why do they have jobs?? I went to the counter to tell them the table was dirty. He handed me a roll of dry paper towels and told me I could go in the bathroom to get them wet - really??
Why are snot working? Why was I charged for inferior food? Why is their no manager who hasn't fired the fools? I hear people want jobs, there should be  two openings here tonight!
I hated to give them one star, they are really bad. CORPORATE they are ruining your brand!!笑
I haven't been terribly disappointed with the smoothies and actually haven't been inside the location.  My concern is with how dirty the drive thru area is.  The windows are disgusting and there's always trash lying around.  I don't want to think about the kitchen..  This could easily be rectified by decent management.笑
Heard so much good things about tropical smoothie cafe. But when i got to this one. The cleanliness was disgusting. I posted a photo of it on yelp. Tables where sticky. I waited by the register for about 5 minutes. Even though couple of employees saw me. Finally a cashier walks up and asked me what can he do for me. I asked him what can i get that is light on food. He liked at me pushed and and said "huh". He then suggested me to get a sandwich which was good and i got that avocado drink. I asked him how long will it take. He said five minutes. It took little longer than that. When i went to look behind cut window from front of the counter. They where just chit chatting. Once again one employee noticed and continued. The employees there seem to not want to work and had sour attitudes. Went to McDonald's next door for a friend to get something. They where way professional than here. Also there's this girl with red hair smoking inside her car. Right  in front with her apron and uniform on.笑
This place is ran by young teenagers. You will never see an adult. So I guess that explains why it looks like shit outside. Every Time I order a smoothie from here it tastes different Every Time! And let me tell you....this was one of my first jobs (not at this location). But I know you have the smoothie recipes posted right there on the wall for you yet it's always wrong. I have resorted to getting my own blender and now I make my own smoothie or I hit up Jamba. Also watch out I hear the strawberries were giving people Hepatitis C on the news.笑
I know this place has been on the down side lately but tonight I went to get a smoothie and some food and i left very happy. 

The guy who helped me tonight was David. He greeted me in a friendly manner through the intercom, and me being so indecisive took some time to order. He was very patient and listened. He told me he would tell me my total at the window. 

During this time 2 other cars were ahead of me. As slow as the line was moving( I'm pretty used to it. I've been to this location several times).. People seem to still come here. Positive sign I guess. 

Anyways as I reached the window, I only saw that one guy working, David. He was professional and had great customer service. My experience tonight was the best one I've had from this location in several months! 

So shout out to David for keeping this location on the plus side.笑
Horrible! I used to go to a different location that was good but this one is terrible - so slow and check out the pic of my food. They didn't even put the cucumber salsa on my taco - WTH there are only 4 ingredients you could remember all 4? And the "kale slaw" was 3 pieces of kale and barely anything else. Next time I want tacos I'll just go to Taco Bell - that's how bad these were!笑
I had to open up a Yelp account just to write a review about this place. Terrible, ridiculously terrible! I have given them several chances and they have let me down every time.  I have visited this particular Tropical Smoothie 7 times and each time they have gotten my order wrong. I only order one single  wrap, shouldn't be that hard. Go to a different tropical smoothie.  130+ yelp reviews with a 2 star rating,  obviously the owner doesn't care about service.笑
Definitely don't go late at night. I've been there twice after 9pm and the staff is horrible. I ordered my smoothie without any added sugar but they made it so sweet I couldn't drink it. I asked it to be remade and again they added sugar. I don't understand...aren't smoothies supposed to be healthy? As I was sitting at the tables outside, some of their staff came out and sat at the next table smoking cigarettes. This is definitely not a good place to go to after a workout at the gym, especially if you're health conscious. I wish there was a Jamba Juice nearby that is open late.笑
Slowest new location EVER. Literally takes 15-20 minutes for drive-thru. although the quality of the smoothies and the sandwiches are still good it's kind of frustrating waiting that long even when there's no other cars in front of you. It's happened over 5x now笑
Hannah was incredibly friendly and helped me out when the app wasn't working for me. She was a nice friendly face to see when I picked up my order at 6am. Just wish the app worked...笑
Haven't tasted a smoothie i haven't liked yet!  If you sign up with them you can receive text message coupons that include 99cent smoothies or 2fers on rainy days. =)笑
Worst location ever!! Slow service, smoothies don't taste like they should, the wraps and flatbreads are made with very minimal ingredients (chicken, tomatoes, etc.), and the employees have zero customer service skills. Granted this is a "fast food" business, but gas station employees have better customer service skills and and a better understanding for how to greet and attend to guests/customers. The employees will let you sit in a queue for over 10-15 minutes at the window, without acknowledging you or at least taking your payment to verify your order (which more than likely they've gotten it incorrect). I don't know why I keep coming back to this location, it always takes over 20 minutes for my order, even with only one car in front of me at the drive through. - Rant and review over, off I go to sucking down ice chunks in my smoothie- thanks for nothing Tropical Smoothie this is the last time you charge me for ice and make me wait for 20 plus minutes!笑
lol came here for some refreshing smoothies at 3:30am on a Saturday night / Sunday early morning after celebrating my friend's birthday at a pool bbq. We searched up for the closest 24hr location so once we got here, the drive through was closed & blocked off with cones. The lobby had lights on but it didn't look like anyone was in there. We went in to check and stood inside calling for someone, no answer. There was one car parked in front of the entrance & someone was sleeping in there and from outside the window, it looked like a worker. Another customer woke him up and the employee said "We're closed. The drive through is closed." But why would the lobby doors be unlocked if it's closed?? Made no sense. Please take a second look at your staff. Smh.笑
We went to the drive thru around 1am on a Saturday night and there was one car in front of us. We could tell there was only one person working because it took forever for her to get our order in. When we got to the window we didnt even see the girl till after a few mins. She didnt repeat the order, but said the total amount and took our card. it took about ten mins to get two smoothies, a kids cheese quesadilla and chicken Cesar salad. The girl apologize for the wait but that's all she said. We were hoping the food was fresh since it took so long but that wasn't true. 
The quesadilla was alright, one of the smoothie was missing the sweetener, and the salad oh my gosh was nasty. It was old, and had a weird color on the leaves. If you're gonna be open for 24/7 restock your food with some fresh ones.笑
Jacob makes the BEST smoothies!  Not that I had to say it aloud.. everybody already knows it!!  I'm a regular to Tropical Smoothie and this location is my easily favorite, especially when Jacob is working. Not only does this man always exhibit superb customer service skills, his consistently friendly and polite demeanor is absolutely refreshing and greatly appreciated. If this store was run by nothing but Jacob's, it would be the best Tropical Smoothie anyone could possibly go to!笑
Always always just awful service!
Seriously guys, replace that staff of you haven't done so yet!
Every single time my order just sucks!
Hecka stingy on their meats! The salads are always dry and blah. The wraps have gotten smaller and less chicken! Less sauces, less everything but more soggy tomatoes and nasty cheese. Nothing ever taste fresh! That chicken salad sandwich is pathetic! I always take all the stuff in between the sandwich halves and pile it onto one half of the sandwich so it doesn't just taste like I'm eating all bread! The smoothies always taste watered/iced down. Too much ice! Why why why do I continue to pay ridiculous money for this garbage!?!? Oh because it's supposed to be a "healthy choice" on the go! Ugh! No more!!!!!笑
Still wish I could give negative stars. Just came from their drive thru. When I pulled up to the window, the employee only said "can you hear me" No greeting. At the window, I asked if they still have the LVAC discount and he literally responded with: "hell nah." This location has the worst customer service  I've ever experienced! Ugh.笑
Smoothies are always good but if you get a quesadilla just know there's a 0% chance the cheese will actually be melted. 
I'm pretty sure this is the easiest item to make on their menu yet every time I get one I have to have them remake it. It's disgusting. 
I'm done coming back now after today


*also every time I went in to have them remake it, I've never been greeted or apologized to. I walk in and it's like I'm not even there. Maybe if they don't say anything I'll disappear??笑
Like their slogan says "no fried zone", this is a great plus.  Smoothies are seriously calorie-ific, but if you get it with Splenda vs. turbinado sugar it greatly decreases the calories.  Peanut butter crunch flatbread with honey is my favorite & a must try.笑
Waited in the drive thru for 20 minutes only to get a smoothie that tasted like water. Wouldn't recommend this location to anyone with tastebuds.笑
Service hasn't gotten any better. Went in for a free "earned" smoothie and was informed that the promotion ended in September and I would still have to pay full price for the smoothie. I left it there. Not even worth the money anymore. 

Service is awful. THE WORST! These people must be really miserable...笑
I love spending 30 minutes in the drive thru! Just to get my order wrong! If anyone can suggest a better run store, I'd appreciate it. It's obvious that the proverbial monkeys run the zoo here!笑
Super busy and still great customer service. I would go here for smoothies if I were you!  They just earned my respect and my business. Lena helped us and she was awesome. And they were slammed! Good job笑
Drive through took 25 minutes. Seriously, I was stuck in the drive through for 25 minutes! How long does it take to throw some frozen fruit and yogurt and ice in a blender and mix it? Maybe they were using a mortar and pestle and doing the smoothies by hand?! The smoothie was delicious as usual though. -2 stars for the forever long drive through wait and -1 for no apology for the long wait when I finally got my order.笑
This location is like gambling. The chance of you winning (getting your drink right) is less than 1%. I don't mind the wait, but it seems to me that they can never make my drink decent tasting. My usuals are sunrise sunset, peanut butter cup or peanut paradise and It always lack something. 

There are times when I'd catch this location to be slow and I'd think to myself how lucky I am... Then they hand me my drink, I take a sip, then boom! Another crappy smoothie.笑
They were having a bad day today and kept taking forever and kept getting orders wrong.but I don't usually have a problem here.笑
Staff is rude and inconsistent. Smoothie have become subpar and lumpy. I keep saying this is my last visit but this will be my last visit. If i could rate negative stars i would. Just felt like i wasted my money.笑
Came here around 950pm on a Sunday night. We were the only ones in drive thru. I would've chose to go inside but dt is only available. So we ordered a king Caesar wrap, a chicken baja flatbread, a beach bum smoothie and a half turkey sandwich. So first of all, it took 5 minutes for us to order. The person greeted right away, but I have no idea what the hell he was saying. He spoke so fast and then I tried to order, but he didn't respond. So a minute or two pass by & I keep saying "Hello?" Then he finally takes our order for the flatbread and wrap and then stops responding.... We keep saying "hello" again and then another minute later he finally responds again. And he responds confused saying "ooookay..." Like, why was he so confused? 

So, we pull up to the window and he goes, "So what was your order?"
I repeat everything again.
"So did you still want the wrap and flatbread or just the smoothie?"
Yes we want all the food we ordered.
"Oh okay shoot hold on let me fix that"

Like, when did I ever cancel the flatbread and wrap? Lol. Then I ask for the smoothie to be charged on one credit card, and the other 2 items on the other card. He closes the window, then runs everything on one card for some reason. Opens the window again, stares at the cards like it's something foreign then says, "sorry hold on you want what?" I tell him again, then he closes the window and calls someone else over to help him redo the transaction. 
I also hand him my friends lvac card for a discount, and he was very confused. He stares at that stupidly too. I respond, it's for the gym discount? Then he closed the window and doesn't ask about it again.
*Everything so far took 10 minutes already.*
10 minutes later, we finally get our food. I had to ask for the stamp card back. He forgot he even had it I guess. 

We get home and look at our receipt and he didn't even give us the discount. My flatbread was okay, kind of dry and barely had any sauce in it. The smoothie was good and the sandwich, but my friends Caesar wrap was very sloppy and had old lettuce in it! I can't believe how horrible of a visit we had. That Miroslav guy was so rude!笑
So far I have been to the new location twice and both times were good. Wasn't waiting 15 to 20 minutes like how it used to be the smoothies were just as good at least two times I've tried it so far. It is still a bunch of teens working there but they are fairly polite笑
This location is a joke. Two visits in a row I had similar experiences. Both times the employee working the counter appeared to be high or drunk... Probably both. Today, they were out of two menu items the. When asked about the third on the promo banner he said they don't make it anymore. When the food was done he just threw the bag on the counter and walked back into the kitchen area, forgot the sides, didn't call a name, nothing. Good god... Put this place out of its misery.笑
This is the slowest drive thru ever! I was just in it for 25 mins, 15 of it was at the window! As soon as I got to the window they took my payment, and didn't get my order until 15 mins later. The girl at the window apologized and said someone didn't show, ok, but why since I've been at the window I've seen 2 people inside order and receive their order while I'm still waiting? Whatever, all I can do is wait.. finally the tall man came to the window with my order and when he handed me the multiple smoothies I ordered (all green) none of them were labeled like they usually are. I asked which was which and all he could do is stare with a blank look. I told him I'd just figure it out. But once I pulled away, he yelled "fuck you" to me, which is incredibly inappropriate. I've tried calling to speak with a manager multiple times and there's never any answer. Needless to say, I will not be returning to this place. Not to mention one of the smoothies was wrong.笑
I love the location, right across the street from my gym (LVAC).  I love the almost guilt free menu options.  (Buffalo Chicken Wrap and Rockin Raspberry Smoothie this trip).  I even love the deals they have at this location like buy 2 smoothies get one free from 4-7pm and their free junior all american wrap with purchase of a smoothie from 7-10am.  

The two star rating is spawned from the seemingly intolerable drive-thru wait time and service.  On this particular trip I decided to time my experience.  36 minutes total from line entrance to smoothie acquisition.  On top of that I was charged for 3 smoothies initially despite being well within the buy 2 get 1 free time window.  As a minor aside they also neglected to ask what sort of "side" I wanted with my wrap.  I guess I sounded like a Baked Sour Cream and Onion chips kind of guy?  Perhaps management needs to hire additional staff or streamline his production process?  The young man that waited on me seemed pretty stressed out.笑
I love this tropical smoothie, customer service is always great and food is amazing!  Seems like this is the only one that has macroni salad. Love this place!笑
This Tropical Smoothie is conveniently located right across the street from Las Vegas Athletic Club in the same lot as Target. Although there are plenty of Tropical Smoothie Cafe's in town, this one has great deals!

1. Buy 2 get 1 free smoothies are available every day from 5-7 PM.

2. 10% off of your order if you're a LVAC member. Just remember to flash your card!

3. 24 hour drive-thru. Awesome for those that like to work out at 3 AM. 

The only thing I don't like about this location is that the same smoothie tastes different depending on who makes it. I always get the Sunrise Sunset but seems to change in taste every other time I order it.笑
This is the 2nd Tropical Smoothie place I've been to in the past 2 days. I've always read the reviews at all the different locations about the bad customer service people have been receiving, but I haven't witnessed that experience. I pulled up to the drive thru, the young gentleman was very upbeat, smiled and has excellent customer service and did I mention, there were 2 cars in front of me and I was in and out in less than 5 minutes, that's service. Plus, I don't mind the prices, $4.99 for a 24oz smoothie.. Jamba Juice's 24oz are all over $5+ maybe $6 including tax. I also like the fact that they have a drive thru笑
I will never come here again two nights in a row they mess my order up very unconvenient Due to the fact I works nights! They should consider hiring a night manager or fire Mike ! Smoothie doesn't taste right very horrendous can't even drink it! And I asked for a Jamaican Jerk wrap no onions I got a bowl with onions I'm beyond upset. Lost a loyal customer.笑
This by far is the worst Tropical Smoothie ever. I've given them many chances and they keep failing every time. They are always under staffed and the staff is so annoyed they ignore you. Not clean, needs maintenance, lightbulbs out, terrible consistency in food and smoothies. There was a party going on in there last time and I waited over 20 minutes. When I pulled up the music was up loud and their cursing throwing their hands in the air being stupid. The owner from lvblvd and warm springs should come over here and have a boot camp. They were out of protein too.笑
Teddy was absolutely amazing!! We had a very complicated order and she was so nice about it!笑
Very disappointed with this franchise lately. Not only are the stores looking emptier by the day, they went from values and coupons to not even honoring the rewards cards any more. Even airlines give you a nice grace period to collect rewards, but apparently Tropical Smoothie gave customers 1 month to come in and redeem their awards. Needless to say, I didn't know the program had ended and when I joyful entered the store thinking I would get the free smoothie I supposedly earned, I was denied. It seems like the place is becoming less and less customer friendly each time I visit it, not to mention all the employees and managers are kids and there is never anyone with management experience in the stores at any given time.

Customer service is very important to me so I will most likely stop going to this company.笑
Smoothies and sandwiches at this location are hit or miss. Also, I went here 2 nights in a row after working out at LVAC and both times the staff were ridiculously unfriendly... I wasn't annoyed, in fact, I thought it was kinda entertaining because they seemed to really hate their jobs lol笑
Disappointment doesn't begin to describe the food, the service or the cleanliness of this location.
We ordered the Spinach Salad, add grilled chicken. It is advertised with raspberry vingarette. We received a yogurt ice creamy dressing. We asked for the proper dressing, they didn't have it. The salad had syrupy canned peaches-what! That's a healthy salad?
More importantly, the employees, the new kid, who has been here for 2 weeks was nice, the others, why do they have jobs?? I went to the counter to tell them the table was dirty. He handed me a roll of dry paper towels and told me I could go in the bathroom to get them wet - really??
Why are snot working? Why was I charged for inferior food? Why is their no manager who hasn't fired the fools? I hear people want jobs, there should be  two openings here tonight!
I hated to give them one star, they are really bad. CORPORATE they are ruining your brand!!笑
Horrible service.. very unfriendly staff and they don't serve certain smoothies that other tropical smoothy locations do.笑
I used to be a huge fan of tropical smoothie. The service at many of them has been awful. May just go back to exclusively making my own smoothies from now on.笑
Just came from this exact Tropical Smoothie. I have eaten there so many times and EVERYTIME I swear I will never come back. Their food is good. That's what brings me back but their service is HORRIBLE and the pricing to proportion makes it less compelling. The drive-thru is SO SLOW and most of the reason I swear off going there each time. There were only 2 cars ahead of me when I arrived and it took me 19 minutes to get thru. I waited 5 minutes @ the window for my smoothie after they have given me my sandwich and taken my CC. Come to find out, it had been sitting there the whole time. They just forgot to give it to me. I've tried going in and it's just as slow. Avoid this place unless you're starving to death.笑
I ordered the Caribbean jerk well and there was NO chicken in it.  A waste of time having to go back to the restaurant.  This is unacceptable.笑
It's the shift-lead, Hannah? Do not blame the teenagers for a terrible shift leader. I guess that is why they don't call you a manager, because you don't manage anything. 
My smoothie just tasted like dirty ice today. My $8 smoothie because apparently you can only "add" items and not "substitute" them. Again, this is not the teenager's fault, the shift leader must be held accountable.笑
If you them to be out of what you want, paying for your order to be made wrong or to wait in a drive through for 20-30 minutes, go to this location.  8 or 9 times out of ten these things will happen.  Awful.  When they get it right(rarely), the food and smoothies are good, but all this consistently still happening is inexcusable.  I think I'll take my money somewhere where they know what they're doing.笑
This place sucks. They don't even deserve one star. I've been waiting for my order for over 30 minutes and I'm the only one in the store and there's no one in the drive thru. There's 4 people working and they're not doing anything. The tables inside and outside are absolutely disgusting, the trash was piled up and it's so gross.笑
Just left there. My sandwich was freezing cold and it was supposed to be a hot one. I brought this up to the girl before i left the drive through and her response was " it's pre timed. I can't fo anything about it". Talk about letting your business get run into the ground by a bunch of lazy teens agers.笑
I was so disappointed with this place, that I was compelled to write this almost as soon as I finished eating.
Took my daughter here for a smoothie I've been promising her, and we passed this place the other day, which said "kids eat free 4p-7p with a purchase of adult paradise combo."
To keep this review down to less than a book, here are my positive and negative experiences:
-The staff is unfriendly and look depressed like someone beats them when they go in the back
-even with free kids meal, my meal was still $10 which was.....
-not even that great. I ordered a buffalo chicken wrap that was mediocre at best. My daughter said "of all the pizza she'd ever had, they were better than this one," and I'd have to agree. It tasted like cardboard with ragu, microwaved.
-one size of smoothie for adults=too big
-my usual smoothie which I bought today, peanut butter cup tasted...somehow off. Not very flavorful and seemed watered down! like not enough things other than ice went in it.
-It took long. There was no one in the place when we walked in,and it took nearly 20 min to get mine/daughter's food. For microwave food, this is unacceptable.

You know, I can't think of anything positive here, except "I'm glad I didn't ask my hubby to accompany us, or he'd a been mad too."
WIll not be returning.

By the way....this location does have a drive thru and its open 24 hrs-I don't even care,I won't be back.

The one on Charleston/Torrey Pines way blows this one away.笑
I have never seen a more unprofessional place and a manager who don't know how to manage and be fair with employees Hannah needs manager classes. I give them 1 star I would even say that's high笑
I give this place 0 stars. I took to HS basketball players here for a quick lunch before a game. We are here from out of town. Inside was not busy at all but the did have a long line in their drive thru. 

I stood at the counter for 10 minutes with not one there. Finally a guy came up front and said he would be right with me. He went in the back for about 5 minutes and then walked outside to give someone an order. We still had not been waited on. So, we left. The guy passed us on our way to the car and said sorry guys we are busy. If this is the kind of service they offer I will not try another one.