Saw the restaurant opening and thought about going. Today I had lunch there for the first time. The location is right down the street from my office so I thought I would give it a try. The place was clean, friendly and the food was excellent. I plan to go back for dinner as well as bringing clients over. It was a wonderful experience and I recommend it to anyone looking for a good Koran Restaurant.笑
Looking forward to bring a group of friends to try more dishes! The staff was attentive and friendly! There is a sense of serenity while enjoying your food.笑
My husband had a not-so-great experience here when they first opened. Since it was a work day, I was not able to go with him. It was late one night and I hadn't eaten yet. He had eaten earlier while running around for work. So, I looked some options up, the one I wanted to try was closed or closing within 15 minutes (and we hate to be "those people"). 

So, I originally landed on Aloha Kitchen, which is just a little ways down the parking lot. While pulling into the lot, the boy suggested the Kitchen Gangnam if I wanted to give it a try since it has been some time (July) since he tried it. 

I decided to try it. I LOVE the decor. I also really like the Korean style seating (though we were seated at a traditional table). The boy didn't eat, and as my first time there, I was looking over the menu very carefully (and even checking out the lunch menu/prices to see if I'd want to try that sometime with my mom). While looking at the menu, the server came to see if we were ready. She noticed I was looking at the lunch menu and proceeded to correct me and explain that I was, in fact, looking at the lunch menu which is not offered at this time. This would have been fine has she stopped there - instead, she physically turned the pages of my menu so I could no longer look where I was (which, also has the sides and beverages, might I add - I COULD HAVE been looking at that!). She then explained the different menu items, even though I did not have questions. 

I ended up getting the Kalbi meal (kalbi, salad, banchan, rice and a side soup) for $19. Initially, I was not happy about the price, but figured I would still try it anyway. I was pleasantly surprised by the portion sizes, which made up for the price tag for the meal. In actuality, the price is very competitive in the Korean restaurant business with all of the extras that you get included with your meal. 

The soup was good, very flavorful. The sides were pretty standard, not bad. The kalbi, however.... it was... different. Now, I've had a lot of kalbi. It's our favorite meal in our family. So, I've tried it at all of the Korean places I have been to, and the number of places I have not been to in town is not that many. The flavor was pretty good - but there was a different texture all over the meat, like the marinaide wasn't pure liquid, but maybe had some spices/flavors pureed and the puree got cooked onto the meat. Again, the flavor was good - but the texture was a no-go for me. I was still able to eat most of it, but I don't think I would order it again. 

All in all, it really is a decent place, I just prefer others. If we were invited to join friends or family here, we would likely go, but we probably wouldn't initiate going here for a dinner. I did tell the boy, though, that he might have better luck on the lunch menu this time around. 

I also ordered the hot corn tea (porticha, sp?). It was VERY mild with barely any flavor. Basically hot water (which I know a lot of Koreans like to drink) - it would have been nice to have it a little bit stronger. 

What I did find very refreshing during this visit is that while we were eating (I think only one other table there at that time), the chef had prepared a new menu item (I assume, I wasn't close enough to hear the whole conversation) and he was explaining it to the staff in detail and everyone was trying the new item. I like this, as it gives staff actual first hand knowledge of how to describle the meal in terms of preparation and flavor.笑
I dropped in for lunch with my family, this place is really good! I had Bibim Noodle. The patty was nice and soft and the potato starch noodles were soft and sticky(my first potato starch noodle experience). Their Korean miso is spicy and filled with a lot of ingredients. My brother had bulgogi and it was sweet and savory. For dessert we had the Chocolate Truffle(ice cream in a ball rolled in truffle dust) and Mango Ripieno(mango sorbet served in mango skin, it's really cool). I definitely recommend this place if you want authentic and great tasting Korean food!笑
This place is amazing! By far the best Korean food I've ever had in las Vegas. My boyfriend and I stopped by for lunch. The service is great and the prices are more than fair based on the quality of food. The decor is beautiful and sooo clean. Our new favorite spot... Needless to say we will be back at least once every other week.笑
I've seen reviews of the Kitchen Gangnam ever since it's opening but haven't been particularly drawn to it at first. I thought this was just another attempt at feeding off the youtube sensation's popularity. My mom and I happened to be around the area yesterday morning and when the topic of food came up, we walked around the Decatur/Sahara complexes to look for restaurants we have yet to try. 

To our hesitance, we realized this was the only place we still haven't tried so we walked towards the restaurant with an overshadowing doubt, only to be greeted with a friendly host who also happened to be the only waitress working there that day. She was dressed in neat traditional Korean attire and took us to a window-side seat. We proceeded to order the Decatur course - a 6 course meal good for 2 people and only $19.

The dishes came to our table one by one with enough of a time interval in-between for us to down the preceding dish. Appetizers were up first. Mommy loved the juicy green salad, particularly its dressing. Smoked salmon lettuce wraps up next complimented the delicatessen sweet potato noodles, which was a great burst of flavor, getting us ready for the cod,shrimp and pork patties that followed. Our server placed the side dishes (x4) that we were not charged for (in case you folks had to pay for kimchi before!). Sizzling spicy beef patties tingled my tongue and usually, I'd set uber spicy stuff aside but I loved the flavor and seasoning way too much to let it go. When the rice & tofu soup finally made it to the table, I used them as excuses to finish my patties. Yum. 

Wait up though. Despite the great food, I honestly can't quite put my finger on what the whole concept of the restaurant was. Decor & food presentation were traditional but there was Kpop playing in the background and the name of the restaurant altogether didn't exactly reflect the kind of vibe you get once you go inside. To put it simply, some things did not fit right but I'm pretty sure that's going to be fine-tuned as time goes by. I understand it's still new and is probably still shaping up. Those of you who've given up on this place, give it another chance. Everyone else, come round!笑
So Fresh and so much fun!!  Food was awesome and it just kept coming and coming.  Had like a 7 course meal for like 19.00 and was amazing.  The pork ribs were to dye for.笑
First things first! GREAT customer service!  Awesome environment! Decor is on point! Lunch specials are affordable! I'll be back for sure!笑
Sometimes I drive around aimlessly looking for food because I don't know what i want to eat.  I have weird moods where anything and nothing sounds good.  But this time i got lucky because this place is all about Ssambap!

It was empty when i came in, and the restaurant is fairly big.  The server was nice and gave me 2 menus.  I'd asked for Barley Tea, but they have Solomon Tea instead.  The menus were a bit confusing at first.  There are many "courses" to choose from as well ala cart stuff.  I ended up with the Spicy Chicken (Dakgalbi) Beauty Course and an order of Bibim Noodles (Japchae).  I was under the impression that these courses would be sent out in intervals, but instead they're all served together.  Should have known better, this is a Korean restaurant after all. And when I saw all the leafy stuff, that's when i knew this was my fav!  

[I was first introduced to Ssambap (Lettuce wrap usually involving meat and rice) at an earlier age.  My friend's mom would set up this whole table full of different type of Banchan and lettuces with a portable grill in the middle, so we can cook while eat.  Most of the time it's Korean Short Ribs (Kalbi), and by itself it already has a tremendous amount of flavor.  That's why it's accompany with rice and Banchan (side dishes) to pick at.
Furthermore, by adding lettuces and Ssamjang (Korean Chili Paste + Fermented Soy Bean Paste + etc), you're able to enhance your dining experience by combining everything into a compact bite. I almost aways ask for a side of lettuce leaf at every KBBQ I go to, so I was thrilled to know that KG offers a wide variations of wraps] 

My Beauty Course with Spicy Ck $14.95
-Salad [which is all the Ssam bap: Red Lettuce Leaf, Steamed Cabbage, Pickled Kombu (edible Kelp), Pickled Daikons, Baby Bok Choi, Baby Butter Cabbage? Sesame Leaf (Shiso aka Kaenip aka Perilla), Red Cabbage, Carrots and Celeries]  w/ side of Ssamjang (red bean paste + soybean paste etc)
-Korean Fermented Bean Soup (Daenjang jjigae)
-Bowl of White Rice
-Banchan;  in my case it was Korean Bean Sprouts, Kimchee, and some type of eggplants
-Korean Style Spicy Chicken (Dakgalbi)

The Dakgabli was delicious.  The chicken had some nice charred to it and the sauce was spicy.  It was good enough to eat by itself and rice, but i had a whole boat of lettuces that i didn't want to go to waste.  So i made use of all it, and by the time i use them all up i was full enough to take home half an order of both the Dakgalbi and Japchae.  The Japchae with the burger pattie was underseasoned, and for 6.99 (lunch menu) it was ok. 

On my next visit i got the Korean Style Rib Barbecued Beef $19 (Kalbi).  It's an ala cart item, so they charge $2.99 for the side of Ssam (wrapped).  The Kalbi was surprisingly pathetic.  For a Korean establishment the flavor and quality was far below standard. But because of the assortment of Ssam I was able to salvage this meal.  Pretty much every Korean restaurants have lettuce wraps, but KG offerings are just on another level!

If you're new to Ssambap I suggest start off with the basic.  On a lettuce leaf, dab your protein into the Ssamjang, and add little bit of rice. Next, try adding in a slice Kimchee, or my favorite, pickled radish to your Ssam.  Make sure you don't overstuff it because you're supposed to fold this all into one bite.  Also don't limit yourself to just wrapping. Pick at your food in between so the tongue is always entertain.  Build your wraps differently with diffErent sides, and before you know it you'll be getting full while having fun creating your own flavor bomb. 

*note*  It can be consider courting if you make a Ssambap for someone else while you eat.  So don't wash your hands to see how much they like you back笑
I was excited to try this place because I LOVE Korean food, having lived there for a couple of years. I walked in and the interior was very nice and modern with Korean pop music playing, mixed with other pop songs. The waitress was friendly and I was really looking forward to a great new restaurant to tell my friends about.

However, the first sign of trouble came when I noticed that they charge $1.50 for kimch'i. I have never, ever, ever seen a Korean restaurant charge for kimch'i. It always comes with the meal, even if the cost is built in to the price, you always get kimch'i with your meal. Seeing that made me realize that there likely would be no other side dishes either, like every other Korean restaurant serves (and there weren't.)

The lunch menu is very limited, but reasonably priced. I got the Bibim rice. I've had worse food in my day, but that's hardly a rave review. They make it with a patty on top, which was seared nicely but something about it tasted strange. I would have preferred the traditional way. Also, it does not come with an egg on top, so I had to order that for extra. The meal wasn't terrible, but it rates at the bottom for Bibimpap I've had in town elsewhere. 

So to sum up: Atmosphere - great. Service - friendly, albeit understaffed. Food - substandard. I likely won't return.笑
Really good food and really good service. I got bibim noodles and the patty was delicious. My dad liked the seafood stone rice bowl. My mom had some fried chicken dish which was pretty good too.笑
I've been to Kitchen Gangnam 3-4 times after my first experience here. 

Every single time the food is consistently fresh and absolutely DELICIOUS. 

The beauty courses available make for easy decision making.

I went with my brother and order the mushroom & meat cream pasta which was to die for!

Every single time I visit however the business is so slow, I'm not sure whether it's the location or what but the owner definitely knows what he's doing with decor and attention to detail. 

I love everything about this place! I always recommend my friends go but we're always the only ones there, which makes the experience that much more exciting. 

To all Korean food fans, this is a MUST TRY.笑
I haven't had much exposure to Korean food and I've always wanted to delve more into it past the Korean BBQ, Bibimbap, and Jajangmyeon, so I figured Kitchen Gangnam would be a good place to go to try and expose my pallet to other Korean dishes. It would probably help if I went with a Korean friend though.

I tried one of their "beauty menus" for dinner as the chef had recommended it. It was like a lettuce wrap you created yourself - a spread of various leafy vegetables, seaweed, house-made miso paste, boiled pork belly, radish, and rice. It also came with a bowl of Korean Miso soup. It was all very tasty and I've always been a fan of pork belly (who isn't, really?). The soup was a little spicy towards the end (I'm awful when it comes to spicy food though, so it's probably not spicy to normal people), but it was tasteful with bits of squid and tofu.

The decor of the restaurant is really beautiful. It's all very well thought out and executed and I really enjoy restaurants that put effort into the overall aesthetics of the whole business. The pictures that are on display are actually pictures that the owner took himself when out in Korea. The staff are all very friendly and attentive.笑
The food and service here was great...Belle was nice in making sure everything was more than satisfactory.  I really enjoyed this new Korean restaurant, and can't wait to get back.  I've already let several friends know to make their way over there.笑
Here's the problem with shabu/suki: the Thais do it best, and no one in Las Vegas is doing it other than Koreans and Japanese. 

There is one place owned by Thais in the southern part of the city that call what they serve shabu instead of sukiyaki. They disappoint in presentation, service and price. And, why they don't call it sukiyaki is a mystery. MK Sukiyaki is the best thing ever, but I'm not flying to Bangkok to eat it. Consequently, I indulge what is available.

This review is in praise of Korean shabu, and The Kitchen Gangnam is in my experience (to date) the best I've had in Las Vegas. They use electric cookers instead of butane, which is faster. The focus is on sliced ribeye, muscles, scallops, tofu and various cabbages sustaining simplicity. Three dipping sauces are provided, and they accommodated my request for sambal easily.

The service is very pleasant with even the chef doing rounds. The facilities are large, and I hope they see capacity met regularly in the near future as they are still quite new.

Price could be cheaper, but without greater customer support and turnover, that will require time for adjustment. 

Overall, so long as Kitchen Gangnam is open, I intend to visit at least twice per month.笑
cool food, and nice interior. if you want to taste Korean food I recommend this Gangnam Kitchen. Bibimbap is the best plate. and also Sushi is great too笑
Went to check this place out on a friend's recommendation. The restaurant is very large, comfortable, and well designed. Nice visual effects with TV projected to opaque film sandwiched between glass panels. (This makes it so that people on either side of the panel can watch the TV images.)

The staff was SUPER friendly and helpful. We brought a group of 11 and had run of the entire restaurant. (We got there pretty late, around 10PM) The owner took photos with us and even gave us some free appetizers.

Anyway, the food was very good and quite reasonably priced. I got something called "Beauty Course 3" which includes some of the best spicy squid I've ever had. It was spicy enough to be hot, but still flavorful and enjoyable. (Light sheen of sweat on my forehead told me it was good!) Be warned though, I'm Korean and can handle my spicy so your mileage may vary.

I liked it a lot and will definitely go back.笑
The food here is incredible. While decor and service make the experience that much better, it's the food that seals the deal.

Authentic Korean food and definitely tastes as such. You can tell they take care in their food because it's plated well and the dishes they serve on are of high quality.

Food tastes amazing. Highly recommend the pumpkin porridge, steamed egg, and chicken. So flavorful and everything tastes good with soju.笑
Wonderful and delicious! I was with a private party, where we were served unlimited tapas treats and shabu shabu! 

What I had:
- bulgogi
- fried calamari
- fried ramen noodles
- chicken skewers

The shabu shabu was fantastic! We had the thinnest, most succulent pieces of beef, a huge platter of fresh seafood, and delicious veggies. 

The owner's daughter was our server. She was awesome, fast, and very attentive! 
This was a really fun experience, and I would highly recommend this place for your largest group!笑
OMG- avoid for the time being... No Hostess, confusion out the Wazoo! Was this a soft opening with no workers what so ever that know what they are doing?? Wow! Wow... Who ever reviewed this place ... What were you reviewing? The fact that you were the only one there? Maybe u get service but talk about unprepared.. It was crazy! They had tables but no one who knew what they were doing on the floor- it was a mad house! 
We checked Out! Didnt even get menus our water within the first 10-mins of siting there and watching the madness unfold-笑
This place is to Korean food what Outback is to Australian food.  So I wanted to write about what this place is and, perhaps more importantly, what it is not.

First, the good. The service was fine and the food arrived quickly.  Also, the interior is quite nicely done.  

Ok, the bad.  We were expecting authentic Korean food, but that's just not what this place serves.  For example, no Banchans; these are the small side dishes served at virtually every Korean restaurant.  Also, the rice wasn't typical of Korean fare, and had little flavor.  Also, they do not serve barley tea and they make their kimchi out of the wrong type of cabbage.

Unfortunately, this place is more of a rough interpretation of Korean food, as if the owners went to Korea, snapped a few pictures, ate a few meals, then decided to open a restaurant state-side.  

Vegas needs more Korean restaurants, but not at the expense of what makes Korean food delicious.笑
Awesome atmosphere, awesome food and service! It wasn't busy at all, which worries me (maybe it's too nice of a restaurant for the area??) but it is during the holidays, so hope they endure through the slow season. The prix-fix courses are impeccably presented, with just the right amount of portion for each course. Bulgogi was very tender and pork dish was sumptuous (would pass on the spicy octopus next time though - it was bit chewy and slightly over seasoned).  Wish they had more culturally authentic desserts (sweet rice cake, etc), rather than gelatos and tiramisu but it was yummy anyway. Definitely will be spreading the word and getting my friends to try the place!笑
Lunch,  don't bother,  unless you want to overpay.  I eat a lot of Korean food.  Lunch beauty menu's spicy chicken was horrible.   First,  I didn't order Mexican food,  it was full jalapeños.  Super Mexican hot.  Also, there was only 5 small pieces of chicken,  1/2 inch or less in diameter.  Nothing but onion and bell pepper, sauce. ..  ton of jalapeño. ......
Poncha is great. 
Service is great. 
Atmosphere is great. 
Very clean.笑
Try boiled pork, it is amazing. The oyster kimchi is very special.笑
Simply, this place is GREAT! My gf had eaten dinner at this place a couple of days ago, and she wanted to go having dinner again at this place today. It was my first time visiting and review this place with objectiveness. They served really fresh vegies, and side Korean dishes were so tasty. The food menus "Ssam bab" that they have are pretty well known to most of Koreans, and they must love this menus as their lunch or dinner menu. Especially, "Bulgogi" & "Steamed pork" are soft and delicious. It seems like not many people know this place yet, since they have just opened this place recently, but frankly, I will definitely visit again sooner or later.笑
Seeing this place finally opened up, two co-workers and I decided to give it a shot. My wife is half Korean and I have been exposed to a plethora of good Korean cuisine. One of my co-workers is seeing a full-blooded Korean lady and also knows good Korean food. Our other co-worker just loves good food.

I was absolutely amazed at the transformation this place has taken from the Asian buffet that formerly occupied that space. They put some time, money and thought into the gorgeous interior. The cup of high quality chop sticks were a nice addition.

We were seated and handed a glossy lunch three-course lunch menu. For $11.95 you get your option of salads or sides (which are sitting out on a table in the middle of the dining room), some curious entrees and a choice of style for the mandoo.

Asking if we could do just a main course without the other items, they said we could for $7.75. We all opted for the chicken fried rice (which at $7.75 is extremely expensive) and didn't have to wait too long for our food to arrive.

When the first bowl arrived (great looking bowl) with a small-ish portion, we hoped for the best. My first bite was... absent. I have had white rice with more flavor than their chicken fried rice. OK, let's try some chicken... stringy, dry, chewy and equally as bland. Even the slices of onion in there were flavorless. We had to request salt, pepper and hot sauce (all they have is Tabasco Chipotle) to give some semblance of flavor to the dish.

After simulating Snowpocalypse 2012 with pepper over my chicken fried rice, there was finally something to taste in there. It helped the underwhelming and disappointing dish, but did not make up for the price and lack of flavor from the gate.

When asking  the staff if the dinner menu included flavor, we were politely offered some feedback that they have only been open since Friday (today is Monday) and are still working out the kinks in the dishes. I would think with how well thought out the decor and layout of the restaurant, with their beautiful benches, CNC cut partition art and suspended projection tv systems, they would have tasted what their current recipes are like. 

If they are open in another 6 months, I may give them another try, as of now though, there are other places near by that offer better food at a better price.

Also, for a $12 lunch, and 115 degree temps outside, would it kill them to turn the A/C on? We were sweating in there almost as much as if we were outside in the sun.

Oh and when I looked under my chair when I dropped some rice, saw there was a dead cockroach chilling on his back.笑
I stopped in for lunch today on a whim. Their lunch specials are extremely reasonably prices and I enjoyed the Bipim Rice (very similar to traditional bipimbop) a lot. Plus, when I asked for the meat to be left off, they subbed eggs instead (instead of making me pay for the additional side). 

Overall I very much enjoyed my lunch experience and look forward to coming back for dinner (much more extensive menu - yum)!笑
The food was really healthy new-Korean style.  Their lunch was very reasonably priced and very good quality.  Exceptionally clean  and very well-decorated!  The place is huge and the service was EXCELLENT!  It's a brand new place and I liked that the kimchi was not salty and good for diet and they even had a "beauty menu"!  
Cool new choice for a different, healthy type of truly Gangnam Style restaurant:)笑
Came on a Thursday night and it's not open when Yelp said it was.  Probably no longer in business....  It is now 10:12 pm.笑
Very very good all you can eat sushi! The head sushi chef, Chris, was very conversational and made such great rolls! We eat a lot of sushi around Vegas and for the price this is one of the best. Recommended.