Came here because I was driving around looking for something to eat and figured Mexican would work. The best breakfast burrito I have ever had in my life and I am from Texas where we have some of the freshest Mexican food. Went through the drive through. The food was fast and still hot when we got back to my friend's house in Goodyear.笑
The atmosphere here is relaxing and casual with a touch of nice decor invites you in and makes you feel welcome. The food was very delicious!  I tried the Taco Enselada con camaron and quesadilla con camaron! Delicious and generously sized portions!笑
The reviews for this restaurant are correct, the food is excellent, portions are generous. No table service order from pictures and descriptions.  The table's were clean truly operated by people who are proud of what they produce.笑
I had some amazing Menudo!!! I would recommend to the proprietor to consider making a smaller size though. I couldn't even eat half of it.笑
I just started coming here recently. I figured this was like filibertos and didn't really care for it. I decided to come one night and received great customer service and the food has been great every time.笑
O.M.G. This place is sooooo good. And I should know cause I'm a half-bred Mexican! okay, so I only know the dirty words in espanol, but I do know great Mexican food and this place has it. The chips were blazin hot and light and crisp. The taco shells the same way. The beef was tender and salty and the refried beans were perfectly delicious. I would weigh 800 pounds if I lived close to this place. Oh! That reminds me, they don't use lard. Only vegetable oil. Mexican food heaven.笑
I had the California burrito yesterday. And the potato's tasted raw and the meat tasted old and it was black. The only edible part of the burrito was the tortilla. I had a friend taste the burrito and he threw up from it. I was not happy. Not going back.笑
I continue coming here for the food...the food is great! I always get the shrimp wrapped in bacon. This place has a drive thru but it can take a while depending on what you're ordering. I've tried the horchata here but it was too powdery. The reason this place gets 3 stars is because the service is not the best. I won't get my drinks until after I get my food; they are very slow.笑
17 mins, 17 d**n mins I waited in the drive thru for 1 breakfast burrito. This is completely unacceptable. There were no other cars in front of me, I was the only car in the drive thru. Not only did it take so long, they still got my burrito wrong. I clearly asked them to add sour cream, not only when ordering, i also asked at the window just to make sure. Guess what no d**n sour cream. And best believe they charge you for it. Service at this location has gone to crap. Not to mention the outside of the restaurant is completely covered in trash. Def wont be coming back. -5 stars.笑
I wouldn't recommend this place at all. Overly priced food and Food did not taste fresh! I had a shrimp cocktail it was awful and they gave me stale crackers. My husband had the chile relleno plate the beans and rice were awful too. They are also lacking cleanliness skills. All in all it was a waste of money!笑
I went here after reading quite a few good reviews and I was disappointed. Yelp, you lead me astray this time! 

I pulled up and the building was so empty I couldn't even tell if it was open and had to tug on the handle to find out. I know I went after the lunch hour on a weekday but I wasn't expecting it to be THIS empty. 

Anyway, I ordered carne asada tacos and chips and salsa and there was some confusion in regards to my order. I was asked if I wanted only carne asada or if I wanted the tacos.

The tacos were regrettable. When I order carne asada tacos, I don't expect anything other than meat, white onions, cilantro or an optional sprinkling of green cabbage to be involved. These tacos arrived and were massive and had some sort of green, gelatinous smear hidden underneath the meat. I'm guessing this was some sort of processed guacamole, but the uniform color of it all just made me uncomfortable. There was no variation like one sees in an actual avocado or homemade guacamole. Also, I've never seen cheddar cheese served melted atop beans in a Mexican restaurant. Just ugh. I never did get the chips and salsa I ordered but I had given up long before then.

The only other person in the restaurant with me was some guy in a suit who was loudly making a pitch of some sort. I couldn't tell if he was trying to sell the employees a product or if he was somehow involved in the restaurant. 

There are better places in the area. I'd leave this one alone.笑
I found the carne asada not to have much flavor and the cheese was not even Mexican cheese, it was plain old shredded American cheese. The cheese was just partly melted. Place was very clean that is one good thing that I can say about the place and the prices were reasonable. But really does that matter if the food was not that good?笑
Went there today based on the reviews, we weren't disappointed. We had the carne asada tacos and a breakfast burrito. Both were delicious and reasonably priced.笑
This is my favorite Mexican restaurant, specifically for their breakfast burritos. Great price for Huge Burritos. It is consistent, fast and friendly. Much better then Filibertos. Rolled tacos are great as well. I have never been inside but the drive thru is a good experience.笑
Always get the beef tacos for my wife. She loves em. The staff is friendly to a gringo and don't hate on me even though they great in Spanish and I can't really give my whole order en espanol. But anyway great food and this is a place we often go to.笑
Stopped here for a late lunch (reluctantly) the place doesn't look like much from the outside and even worst from the inside( the empty parking lot helped non) however I was pleasantly surprised!
I had a Carne asada Burrito and it was top notch at a great price, just like I like it. the service is good, no complaints there.
The only complaints I can come up with are about the salsas, green and orange-bland, the red is better but still lacking in the flavour department, too bad!笑
Good food. Good prices. The photos we found online of this restaurant showed a nicely appointed sit-down dining room. It was there, but not in use. The food was quite good. Service was good.笑
The food was very good, service was also good here.  I wish it were cleaner though. 

What we tried:

Piña and Orchata was perfection!  Enough flavor but not too sweet.

Shrimp cocktail was awesome! Unlike most of the coctels I've had, which had more fillers (tomatoes, onions, cucumbers, etc) than shrimp.  This had more than enough and big! 

Bean tostada- beans had a very nice flavor, fried tortilla had the perfect crunch and tasted like it was just fried. 

Carnitas platter- pork had perfect texture.  Crunchy on the outside and nice and tender inside.笑
Terrible hygiene . We saw the high reviews and came. We kept getting flies . The restaurant was smelling.笑
Food is good, the drive thru needs much improvement.  I have been here several times and on more occasions no one ever answers. I have had to drive to the window and wait for someone to see me.  On a few, after waiting many minutes at the drive thru and then at the window with no help, I had to park and get down to place the order.  Not very convinient.  Starting torethink coming here for a quick pick up.笑
Stopped by for dinner. Food was okay, service was not the greatest. It took longer to get our food than it the time it took us to eat it. A bit overpriced.笑
We asked the girl to give us 3 Separate orders of ceviche ( Key word SEPARATE) and she did them all together ! That's not the worst part , it was horrible it was super sour like if the lemon was old or something ! We use to go when we lived in that area and it was great I was disappointed笑
Everyone (including me) is reviewing the food, but you also have to take into account that the other half of the building is a small nightclub. With live music. I was confused when I rolled up, like "what's up with all these ladies in heels? It's just a restaurant?" Anyway, the paisa in your life will be happy with the tunes here. I just personally don't like the gigantic police presence. No, seriously...they're everywhere. In front of every entrance and chilling out in an SUV at the edge of the parking lot, actively looking for someone to arrest. 

Not a good feeling when you're just trying to grab a late-night bite. Not that the food was good anyway...as other reviews have pointed out, the carne asada can definitely taste old. We all know what something is like when it's sat in your fridge for a couple of days before reheating. I think it's gross to put up with that at a restaurant. Yuck.