A huge disappointment. A waste of time, and money. After walking around Inverness for 30 minutes, being turned down by 3 restaurants on a Friday Night because every place was booked, my father and older brother, walked into this joint. 

They sat us down at "the last table" (next to to the toilet, next to the kitchen). I swear, the same waitresses walked by us at least 5 times before I eye fucked the shit out of the MANAGER. I am usually very patient when eating, but entering this place was just a bad vibe. 

The food was expensive. The plates and dishes were SO little. These kinds of restaurants make the place look very elegant, make the food look good, and hip, but it does NOT taste as good as it looks. 

Above all, we spent an hour and a half in a  place that was shit, and should have taken 45 minutes. Don't go. Oh, the manager had corn for teeth.笑
This was a good restaurant, not a great one, but a good one.  Good value and good food.   Many of the reviews sound like it's God's gift to gastronomy but I thought it a cut above average.  Good selections, excellent wine list, prices were high but fair.   Best part was the view across the river to the old castle.笑
Classiest act in Inverness, fantastic atmosphere and phenomenal food is why this is Inverness's best restaurant.

Service is great, wine list sensational and don't forget to ask about the wines of the month.

Prices are spot on for the quality of food and the owner, Steven Devlin, is passionate about his business as well as being a great guy.


Update - back for dinner last night and BLOWN AWAY, langoustines to start and the best Halibut main course I've EVER eaten.笑
Definitely one of the best meals we have had in Scotland.  Little pricey but the food does not disappoint.  I had the monkfish and my wife had the halibut.  Both were excellent.  Service was good as well.笑
Superbe adresse ! Si vous pouvez y aller avant 19h, vous pourrez profiter du tarif "early bird" qui permet vraiment de manger de bons plats à un prix raisonnable.

Le service est attentionné, les assiettes très belles... 

Une adresse pour ne pas manger que de la nourriture de pub en Ecosse !笑
Went there last night and the staff and accommodations could not have been nicer. The menu is very creative with seafood a distinct favorite. We were seated at a front table that provided a great view of the waterfront. The prices were a bit high - but the quality of the food and the creativity of the ingredients made it a one in a lifetime stop. Highly recommend!笑
We heard about the place via friends, and the hotel recommended it too. So here we are during our holidays...

First of all the location is nice, on a street corner next to the river. Easy to find.

Then the welcome: the staff is extremely friendly and welcoming.

For the food: simply delicious. The dishes are original, perfectly prepared, tasty, refined. A mix between probably somekind of scottish heritage and modern international cooking.
The only negative, but that's common to 99% of restaurants in Scotland and the UK, when you order rare meat, you get medium rare. But still it was delicious.
The desserts themselves are also excellent and a good way to finish the evening :-)

And their whisky menu is great too for after dinner (as most other places in Scotland ;-) )笑
Very yummy. Here for work and came here for lunch via suggestion of the hotel
Concierge. Food was very good. Service was great. Felt like I was back in the US. Nice ambience. Definitely go eat here if you're visiting Inverness.笑
Amazing food, service and atmosphere. We didn't have a reservation and the host recommended we go two doors down for a drink, then he came to find us when our table was ready. Lovely wine list and great desserts.笑
One of the best meals I've had in a long time -- rivals any of the best restaurants LA and NY have to offer. Original dishes, perfect execution. Highly recommend.笑
'This place is outstanding' says I whilst I give a standing ovation, a round of applause and a few wolf whistles thrown in for good measure.  

Honestly, I cannot sing its praises enough!  

This small but stylish restaurant in Inverness city centre is such a pleasure to dine in without paying outrage prices of the likes of The Ivy (yes, that's what I'm comparing it to!!!).  It is a definite treat without being too much of a splurge price wise.  They offer a two course lunch menu for £13.95 or two course early evening menu for £15.95.  Although these are a little more expensive compared to some of the other restaurants offering lunch and early evening menus around Inverness, it is well worth paying the couple of pounds difference.  

The owner Stephen is always around to welcome you, top up your glass and ensure that you are not left wanting for anything.  With a few jokes chucked in for good measure he makes sure that you have a memorable experience for all the right reasons.  Don't worry, you won't be rushed out the door here as you can sit with an after dinner drink or coffee all afternoon.  

Their menus are always well varied so there should be something to suit everyone from vegetarians, to fish lovers to red meat carnivores.  This is fine dining without the price tag.  If you haven't noticed already then I'm a huge fan but then again so is all of Inverness so make sure you reserve a table.  

The complimentary home (or kitchen) made olive and tomato bread are simply divine but make sure you leave room for desert!  The sweet menu is simply heaven and must not be skipped!  At £5.95 a desert this is a complete bargain for the taste and quality.  

The only bad thing I'd say about this place is I want everything on the menu and it takes me ages to decide what to have!  I'd give it 10 out of 5 stars if I could and go every week if I lived in Inverness.  

Amazing, AMAZING, A.M.A.Z.I.N.G.!!!!!笑
One of the best experiences for dinner we have had in our trip through Ireland and Scotland. The food was great. The service was incredibly friendly. The owner is very charismatic and makes you feel like it matters that you have a good experience. 
Great wine on the menu.笑
Bravo, Rocpool!  You pulled off a very successful evening the other night for the large group that I brought through your doors.  And you did it with little notice!

I had heard of Rocpool from a friend who had visited the area before.  I doubted I could get a same day reservation (especially for a group of 9) but I called with my fingers crossed and they said they could accommodate us.

Since it was a short walk from our hotel, we all arrived en masse and were immediately seated at a large table in the front window.  This place is lovely.  Contemporary, in tones of green and brown with dark wood set off by glittering lights.  Even the bathrooms downstairs are artful with separate facilities but 5 or 6 communal sinks with sparkling fixtures.

If you get there before 7 there is a prix fixe menu with your choice of a starter and entree for  £15.95.  The catch is that you have to be out of your seat before 8:30.

Some in our group ordered from that menu, and others, like me, chose to go off of the regular dinner menu.  I had the heirloom tomato salad with feta cheese (amazing!) and the linguine with shrimp and scallops (also amazing!).  My friend went with the risotto with peas as his starter and the pork.  Both were equally delicious.  And for dessert, we shared fresh raspberries and strawberries with ice cream, honey and pistachios.  I have never seen such plump, sweet berries.  This was the perfect ending to an amazing meal. 

Our servers were outstanding, and didn't even flinch when we tried to explain that we needed the bill split in a variety of ways.  And whoever was making our cocktails was able to make a pretty decent Manhattan (even though they had never heard of it) with just a little coaching.

If you don't go for the set menu- it will run you about  £30 a person (including drinks and dessert) so the set menu is a pretty good deal.

I don't get surprised often when I eat out but Rocpool surprised me with it's amazing food, excellent service and lovely ambiance.  It rivals some of the best restaurants I have eaten in and that should tell you all you need to know!笑
This is a lovely restaurant - lovely food and great atmosphere! It's nice little walk from the centre of town so is ideal if you're looking for somewhere nearby to eat after/during a days shopping. 
The waiters are lovely too - they flirt with the girls and call the men handsome - what more do you want?!

The restaurant itself is quite big but narrow, if you get stuck in the seat near the walkway then prepare to move a lot. 

Foodwise, rocpool offers a good selection. They keep it simple so they can't get it wrong. It's quite expensive though, and serves the same type of food as the mustard seed opposite the river bank. 
The location of rocpool is brilliant, it sits on the bank of the canal and overlooks the city. Lovely!笑
The Heathmount hotel where I was staying highly recommended this for my dinner while in town.  It did not disappoint.  My starter was fried potato gnocchi with pulled pork.  Amazing!  I had the halibut and it was heavenly.  The service was excellent.  Wine choices perfect.  The atmosphere is relaxed.  I will be back when next in town.笑
While it's nice to see innovation in Inverness dining the Rocpool doesn't quite manage to rise to the challenge of its aspirations. The dishes draw well on local produce and are competently prepared but lack neither the simplicity to maximise the quality of the ingredients or sufficient complexity to make them more than the sum of their parts. Neither the dining experience nor the service rate the higher price tag especially with many equally good, or better, restaurants within a short walk.笑
We forgot to make reservations for dinner this Saturday and were having trouble finding a restaurant nearby that could seat us. We figured it was a longshot but asked at Rocpool if they had a table. As luck would have it, another couple had not shown up for their reservation so we got in!  We were not disappointed in the least. Great, friendly staff, and creative beautiful dishes that tasted amazing! I highly recommend this place if you're in the Inverness area.笑
Amazing food and service!!! By far the best restaurant in Inverness. If your here on holiday this a great place to go. Easily New York City quality with a much better price tag.笑
Our fine dining choice while in the Highlands during our UK trip. Place is a bit packed, a long corridor of booths and tables, I was seated sort of in the aisle. Rocpool was packed by the time our food was arriving, and it was arriving a bit slower than expected due to the rush I imagine. The food was well prepared and using local produce, a nice touch. The cocktail menu was a bit lacking, settled on some good whiskey by the time my venison arrived. Under seasoned in spots, a common issue among most restaurants we visited in the UK. Overall a great light meal to end our day however lacking some additional flair. I think Rocpool could do with some more intimate dining areas, a more structured 3 course arrangement, and a spruced up cocktail menu.笑
Unexpectedly good. Seafood was fresh with exciting flavours. Service was also excellent.