This is an all around hole in the wall dive bar!!! They have drunken Karaoke Weds, funny as hell drunken arguments. THIS PLACE IS entertainment at its cheapest and finest!!!Ǿ
Find a way to make yourself original without copying other bars lacks everything. not cool unless you have to walk thereǾ
Just met the rudest bartender I've ever met. Melanie should get a lesson in customer service. She's insecure, gives shitty service, and doesn't know how to treat customers who aren't there to flatter her. 
The cooks even told her to smile and be nice. She flat-out yelled at me when I asked about my bill .
I haven't been here often; I've only been here two times. Both times, the bartenders were terrible. I don't plan on coming back.Ǿ
Melanie , the bartender,  was incredibly unpleasant. She never smiled, welcomed us, or acted as though we mattered.  Even the cooks told her that she should lighten up.  She was very rude to my friend, and practically got into an argument about the bill. I understand that one may have a bad night, but bartenders make their money through being hospitable. And she was not.Ǿ
I like this spot - its a cozy dive bar.Ǿ
Great place, jute box, Monday poker, cold beer  pool tables. Sweet bartender , Kaycee will take care of you....(mixing drinks) wonderful smoking porch with tv & jams. Motorcycle friendly, lots of parking ... party !!Ǿ
I want this place to be a 5/5. The concept is great. 

My husband and I have visited twice this month, our first visit on 8.2.14 and our second visit this morning. 

The drinks are great. The service really couldn't be better. The prices are phenomenal. It's a dive bar with a diverse crowd, and it's super comfortable.

During our first visit, we ordered beers and a shot. One that isn't commonly seen in Phoenix, it's called a "Mind Eraser." The bartender absolutely nailed it and she seemed very happy to oblige. We were so pleased. 

My only (very small) complaint is that the bar's website lists a great breakfast menu and touts "ALL!!! Free Breakfast until Noon with Drink Purchase" on Sundays. We purchased cocktails at 9am today and our breakfast was not free. Also, half of the menu - as listed on the website was crossed out and unavailable. I get it, offering a huge selection is tough, but it seems like a small website update is in order. We were not disappointed with our experience as a whole, but we did come in with unclear expectations. That was a bummer. 

The food we ordered was delicious - Hideaway West Breakfast (eggs over easy w/ bacon, hash, and sourdough toast), and Biscuits & Gravy. The hash browns were our very favorite part of the meal. They came very well done with green peppers. Just the right amount too. 

I hope this place continues to grow because they've got something special here.Ǿ
Great bar, cool vibe, badass bartender,  awesome music ..what else can one say....must be a regular stopǾ
I came in with my father. I was visiting from out of state and the bar tender refused to serve me alcohol. She would not give me a valid reason. When I asked to speak to the manager they could not inform me of why my id was not valid. The bartender was rude and I would not recommend this dump of a bar to anyone.Ǿ
We really like what Keith has done to our ole watering hole! The food is up at least two notches and the bartenders are awesone! They always have great shots and food specials going on! Thank you!Ǿ
The food is one word AMAZING... Friday night steak dinner is wonderful and only $7.99 .. JALAPENO POPPERS ARE THE BEST!  wrapped in bacon and grilled. .... recently renovated bar and grill with a great staff and friendly atmosphere. .. KARAOKE HOST TAO is seriously the BEST with a huge selection of music. .. all walks of life welcome!Ǿ
I've been to this bar/grill numerous times. I have ordered drinks, listened to karaoke, and even spoke to the owner of this establishment. He is very professional, and genuinely a nice guy. However, there was one bad encounter with a female manager, and I have not been back since. She is short, blonde and rude. I came into the bar, but it takes me a while to order a drink or drinks, because I am not really familiar with the different types of alcohol that exist. That idiot came over and asked for ID, which is completely understandable. After she learned I was over 21, she accused me of loitering because I had not bought anything. It was only 10:30 p.m., as the place closes at 2 a.m., so I can't fathom why I was being bothered and interrogated. I was puzzled as to why I was basically being rushed to buy something.. I was sitting at a table, very quietly, listening to karaoke. I weren't drunk belligerent, or causing harm to anyone. This lady seems to have never had a position as such in her life until now, which obviously shows in her intolerable, unethical attitude. I will not be supporting this bar ever again, as she will never get any of my money towards her paychecks. I came back in the bar and heard her telling the owner of the place what occurred , however, he never told me to leave. Moral of the story: When idiotic, unprofessional people get some type of 'power' at work, they abuse it.Ǿ
Good food, good specials and friendly people.   What more can you ask for?  How about $.50 wings on monday, and other daily food and drink specials too.  Yeah, the place is a little "hole in the wall-y", but it has good character and that goes a long way.  I definitely recommend it.Ǿ
The food is outstanding and the drinks are very reasonable. Some of the regulars recommended the chipotle mango wings which were delicious. Their sous chef has created some great recipes. The French Dip is very tender as well. The bartender serving me was certainly on her game and provided great service. Even the recent new owner came over to greet me. I highly recommend the Hideaway West for anyone looking for a pub that offers great bar food and cold beer at very reasonable prices. Will definitely be going back there.Ǿ
Came for breakfast. Blonde heavy set server waited in me and my bf. Asked about a menu and basically was told out only option was the special.  After we sat for 30 min she asked if we wanted drinks once i asked for a screwdriver and my man a water she acted like it was a chore to get drinks. There were literally cockroaches crawling on the bar while we ate. Never will i eat there again. I lost my appetite and asked for my check...grossǾ
Just went for the first time last night.  I was so impressed on the customer service, and how friendly everyone was.  The owners were there and went out of there way above and beyond to make my boyfriend and I feel welcome. And they have one of the best burgers I have ever had.  And I heard they also have an amazing $2.99 breakfast.  You cant beat that.....this is a definite must visit! I plan on making it one of my hang-outs!!!!Ǿ
Went in today just at the end of the Packers/Cowboys game. The patio looked like it was very full but there were tables available inside. The bar was pretty full but there was a seat near the end in front of the grill. After a few minutes a grumpy bartender asked me what I would like to drink. I ordered a pint and asked for a menu. She brought back the not very cold pint and menu and then forgot about me for about 15 minutes, maybe 20. When she finally returned, I ordered the patty melt w/fries. It was ready soon enough and I was served (by the cook) a decent patty melt made with white bread rather than rye. The fries were ok. The bartender never checked up on me even as I was looking around because there was no condiments or salt and pepper. No napkin was available either. Why don't they place a basket with all of that stuff in front of you right when they take the order like all the other bar and grills I go to? My empty pint sat unnoticed for five minutes during my meal and was finally replaced with another warm one. At last, I was ready to leave so I left the tip on the counter, and slid another dollar and 50 in the jar in front of me for the cook. I've never been to a b&g that had a tip jar for the cook. Tacky! 
I haven't been to this place in about 20 years when it was known as Cheers. I won't return for at least another 20 years.Ǿ
Well they  are going Country  ! They  are  having some excellent bands  starting Nov. 11th with  Tequila Highway ! Every weekend in  Nov. Check out their  Country Band line up  and  kick  the  dust up.  Also a great    bar to watch  Football they  have a large Big screen and  24 tvs on top  of that  ! They  have a,drinking smoking patio with  Tvs so you  don't have to ever get up . Also an amazing menu with  the  best wings and  Burgers . The  themed burgers and  sandwiches during football are very reasonable and delicious .. The Dallas fan club has chosen the bar for  Sunday Funday ! They have a free raffle that  you  can win amazing prizes  from food to NFL gifts .  I would recommend that  you  come check them out and  if you  give them  a great review your  next drink is discounted on  them. NICE