This place was actually pretty good. I had great service while I was there and was shocked when I read the poor reviews on Yelp afterwards. I recommend this place to eat quick Indian food. I was a little skeptical at first, but the guy behind the counter made suggestions about what to eat.
I ordered a bowl with chickpeas, chicken, potatoes, red curry sauce and yogurt. The bowl was big enough for 2 people to eat. I wouldn't have been able to finish the bowl on my own. I am going back soon.笑
I went here on a busy weekday for lunch and was appalled by the service. I was second in line and it took me more than 25 minutes to order some food. It was disappointing that the staff made no effort to keep the line moving even with more than 10 people waiting. I just went for what's available and had a rice bowl with paneer and yogurt and it was mediocre at best. 

I'd probably never go back.笑
Thoroughly enjoyed my bowl. I got brown rice, chicken, the spicy curry sauce, cilantro, and lettuce. Fairly simple but so good. I'm looking forward to coming back and ordering it again! 

Update: beware of what time you come in. Later in the evening, food can sometimes look and taste dry/old.笑
Never have been. Decided I'd come from the Clinic down Euclid and give it a shot with a coworker. I love all sorts of cuisine. 

Walk in. Presentation of the bar awful. Minute or so later finally greeted. Proteins and what not looked as if they were microwaved from perhaps last night. I made it clear id never been. Just wanted a little run down of what these indistinguishable items were. The guy really couldn't give me much insight. Kept calling me young man. When he was probably my age. They had cleaning chemicals out around food. My buddy took a pic of that and is sending that in so keep a look out for that. 

Food tastes pretty good. However with awful first opinions and customer service like that I fear for the longevity of the business. 

Regards.笑
The Chipotle for Indian food! I can't say I've had enough Indian food to compare the quality or authenticity of it all. But, for the price of the food, I definitely was satisfied and had extra to bring home. I got the bowl with chicken and paired it with the coconut curry at the recommendation of the employee. So glad that I asked what would be good with the chicken, or else I may have had different opinions of the place. They have the veggies section, where you can add a number of veggies as you do in Chipotle. If you don't like spicy, DO NOT GET THE THAI CHILIS. My spicy tolerance level is quite high and even that was pushing it.  I love it because it adds the perfect touch of spice for me. I wouldn't recommend eating the chili pieces, if you can avoid them. They do not play.

If you haven't tried Chapati and are looking for a quick bit to eat, this is a place to at least try! It's conveniently located in Uptown, which means finding street parking, or parking behind the Barnes and Noble and walking across the street.笑
It's Indian food served chipotle style. Not nearly as good as chipotle, even though the chipotle down the street is not the best chipotle. Not as flavorful as I would've liked, especially considering since Indian food is usually very flavorful. Much rather go to Indian flame which is also a block or away.笑
Overall the food is good. While there are lots of options and combinations, the people working there were very helpful in guiding us on what to mix with what. I'd go back.笑
This comment is probably redundant, but Indian food in a Chipotle model. I tried a bowl and you can come up with some pretty interesting flavor combinations. The food, I like.

What I don't like is the presentation. The service was rude. The soda machine was broken (ice dispenser).  There were no lids for the cups in the self service trays. 

I would come back, but I get the same reception it would probably be my last. There are too many other good alternatives within walking distance.笑
Whoever said this was the chipotle of Indian food is right with one exception; it's not nearly as good.

I had a bowl with tofu and brown rice and assorted vegetables. I guess the thing that struck me about my experience is that the bowls are an appropriate size but there just isn't enough variety of the items in a bowl. The bowl is dominated by rice and meat, and there just wasn't much else. The food that was in the bowl was delicious, but the meal just felt empty for me.

We got take out, so I can't speak too much to the atmosphere, but it seemed pleasant. The service area is a bit grungy but I didn't gag on any bad smells; it was all acceptable. It just wasn't amazing. If you want fast food that is vaguely Indian, this is a totally acceptable place to go. If you want Indian food, this is unlikely to be your favorite place, and you would probably be better off eating elsewhere.笑
Today we ordered Chapati for a group of 6 people, each person ordering their own customized "bowl."  Initially we had difficulty even getting the employees to answer the phone and we actually talked to them over 9 times to coordinate getting the meal and faxed them an order sheet.  We were hoping that the trouble would be worth it and unfortunately it was not.  Not only were our meals incorrect and missing ingredients, but the portion sizes were extremely small.  Several of the bowels were less that 1/4th full and since they were missing so many ingredients we were left annoyed and hungry.  We certainly don't plan upon ordering again.笑
Average food. Its a ripoff of chipotle, which is ok- but it fails at it sooo hard. The to-go containers are awful and dont stay closed. The food seems bland and drowned in sauce and sugar. Its overall, just crappy americanized indian food thats barely indian.笑
Great food but I've gone 3 times in the past few weeks and they never have anything in stock. I tried to go yesterday but there was no rice left (white or brown), no chicken, and only 1 person working both food line and register. I'm going to give them another chance because I love the food but it's a bit ridiculous to never have any to serve.笑
No wonder this place is empty at lunchtime. 
They did not care when their key ingredients were running low. 
When I got there, they didn't have chicken or beef. All they had were tofu and potato, but no one seemed to be cooking in the kitchen. Ingredients looked pretty gross as if they were sitting there for days..笑
Our rice and chickpea bowls were delicious. But we won't be returning. The place seemed poorly managed. The counter service was scatterbrained, and the guy who took our order and served our food was not wearing gloves, despite the fact that he was handling customers' money. The place was nearly empty on a Saturday at lunchtime. Something tells me they won't be around much longer, especially with the overabundance of fast food and fast casual options in the Uptown district.笑
Reading a lot of these reviews, this place seems to get a bad rap, mostly stemming from bad customer service experiences. Not that this isn't extremely important, but I'm going to therefore base this review mostly on the food (my customer experience was great btw). 

I ordered a bowl with the paneer and added a scoop of the tofu for just 50¢. The portions were beyond generous and the paneer and tofu were juicy and flavorful. The sauces (tomato and yogurt) had just the right amount of sweetness and spice. Followed up with a mango peach lassi, it was a satisfying dinner. I'm not quite bumping up the review into 4.5 territory because the rice was a bit dry. Service was good, but took a bit to come out and greet us. Give this place another chance!笑
I'm really digging this spot. Stumbled across it looking for a quick lunch one day...food was good--I mean fresh and tasty good. In case it may have been a fluke, I reserved judgment but no, they are good. 

As far as the criticisms, that hasn't been my experience. They were out of tamarind sauce at 8:30 PM and mixed up a batch because I was cool with waiting. Even so, this is clearly a small business and working out the kinks comes with territory. I'm rocking with them for the time being. 

I'm keeping them in my rotation.笑
Great concept, cold food and bad service. Too many other delicious options in this neighborhood to give this another shot.笑
Better than I expected after my ordering experience. I ordered a bowl with tofu, rice, chickpeas, red beans, tomatoes, and cucumbers. My frustration came when none of the employees knew what items were vegan or what vegan even means. Some of the vegan items are marked on the overhead menu but the sauces were not. I'm the type of person that needs sauce on everything I eat and since I'm not willing to gamble with ingredients I had to go without. They did not have any of the chutneys advertised either which is disappointing. The food was decent but I wouldn't rush back, I'll take the extra drive to Choolah for now.笑
This place is actually a good idea..and tastes good enough for what it is, but it just seems like the workers don't care. Like other reviewers have stated..the wait time can be ridiculous. I think 2 people were ahead of me and I swear I stood in that place for 15 minutes. No sense of urgency...but at least they were nice. -__- Not a good idea to be slow in a college area.笑
Wonderful!!  Fast, affordable, yummy!  Check them out!!  I have eaten here 3 times.  It's kinda like Chipolata in that you pick bowl or wrap, then you pick a rice, then, meat, then they have these 4 amazing sauces!!! Omg! They are awesome!!!  At then end of the assembly line you pick cucumbers, tomato's, cilantro and then flavorful toppings!笑
Awful!  Rice was hard and dry. Their food bins were almost all empty - all so unappetizing looking. The staff didn't know much about what the different options were. And - it was just average tasting. With so many great options nearby, I have no idea why anyone would go. For awesome Indian, I'd walk a bit further to Indian Flame.笑
Beef was so chewy that I had to chew over 50 times to break down some of the pieces. Got a bowl: Flavors dont go together too well, rice on the bottom gets soggy, and overall not a meal where you look forward to eating the next bite. Honestly not a fan when it comes to quality, but il ll give it 2 stars since the bowl was only 3.50.笑
I've been here a good handful of times now and have had mixed experiences. I typically get a bowl with the paneer and tomato sauce. The food exhibits good flavor and spice (cilantro chutney). It seems they have issues with heating their food to serving temperature. Last night, my bowl was cold and I asked if they had a microwave (they don't).笑
A friend and I went for a lunch.  We were surprised to learn about the $2 offer on Tuesday so we decided to sit down. We have been here many times and usually enjoy the food.  Since my friend did not know much about Indian food, I decided to take a bowl for her.  The manager was rude and made disgusting comments about how the friend can come for herself and order food. She proceeded to tell her staff not to put give extra serving if I request (which shocked me as to why I would?).  We left feeling humiliated for no reason.  Never returning again.笑
Came here with a friend. Ordered a bowl. The first thing that shocked me was the price. How can I get lower quality food, less food, but for a higher price than Chipotle? 

I was dissatisfied with the experience. No wonder they were empty.笑
I was out running an errand to Fed-Ex when I came across the Chapati Indian Grill.Upon walking in the restaurant the decor was inviting,and the employees were very friendly.The manager on the other hand was very rude and kept interrupting the employee that was explaining the menu to me.The employee had to explain the menu because it came off as very confusing,and lacked description of what exactly I was ordering.I then ordered Chapatti to go with my meal.For those of you that are unfamiliar with what a Chapati is...It's an Indian flat bread(very tasty) what I received instead was a sham of a Chapati that was actually a tortilla made for burritos.I called the store to complain since I took my order to go,but the store manager was not in.I will look for an authentic Indian food experience at a another restaurant.笑
It's okay. I concur with the Chipotle comparison, but I didn't find it close to authentically Indian. It was somewhat bland, the spices are need deeply steeped in and immersed into the food as Indian should be, and the aroma of the food is nowhere close to authentic.

The staff is nice and helpful though, and they have a nice patio, and the Ice cream place across from it is totally awesome. Otherwise I'd try Chipotle.. Chipotle is tastier than this knock off.笑
Very very slow service ! Long waiting in line. Service is very disorganized! Although food is pretty decent.
It's the Indian version of chipotle笑
I'm here in Cleveland for a brief time to help.my sister set up for grad school, and my Indian family and I came here for a fast casual meal with familiar flavors. We found exactly what we wanted!! The service was extremely friendly, and very attentive. The prices were very reasonable and I loved the wrap I got. The options were plentiful with a myriad of options to choose from. I won't be here for long but I will definitely be going back! Disappointed that Yelp misled me about this place, but ultimately happy I went.笑
The woman who working that is so rude and they charge me $2 extra for no reason! The food is not good. Never go back again!笑
The food was very well seasoned and yummy! The staff was incredibly nice and helpful. Eat here!笑
The food is what you would expect for the price, and the employees are friendly. However, most of the options for food didn't have descriptions and I didn't know what I was ordering. Music was loud and I had issues communicating with the employees.笑
This is not a review. I work at this chapati and I want to give a better customer service for the customers so we can get better reviews please let me know if there's anything that can make our customer service better