I found my go-to neighborhood pizza shop! 

Who needs even the pricey local joints when you've got her and her family holding the ship together.I actually feel good knowing I bought from them.

Use the driveway on the left of the building and park in the back and pick up your order. Silly Parma!Ǿ
I live around the corner from this little gem and after Antonio's systems were down and the wait for Jets was too long I turned to Northcoast Pizza and I was pleasantly surprised.  Good price and a high quality pie. The toppings were plentiful and tasty. The sauce was a little sweater than I prefer but this is a place I would definitely recommend and will certainly go back to.Ǿ
This pizza is one of the best pizzas I have tasted in the area. The sauce is very tasty and the crust is a nice balance of crispy and soft. I would highly recommend.Ǿ
First time ordering from Leanzas. Pizza took a few more minutes than told. It was worth the wait. Vegetables were fresh and sauce was slightly sweet. The dough was very good and made a flavorful crust. I only gave 4 stars since it was my first order, but I look forward  to ordering again. If next time is as good or better  I will give them 5.Ǿ
Today, I ordered a sheet pizza from North Coast, which is right around the corner from my house.  It was short notice, but they were still able to deliver a full sheet pizza with 32 slices in an hour!  I ordered half cheese and half veggie.  The pizzas were delivered at the time I requested and were nice and hot.  A sheet pizza from North Coast is actually four rectangular pizzas served in two boxes.  You could potentially get four different toppings on four different pizzas, but still call it a sheet pizza.  Options are good to have.  The sheet pizza was $33.50, which I thought was fair.  We had a few people at the house, so the pizza all but disappeared.

The veggies were nice and large, fresh, and tasted great.  The cheese pizza was yummy too.  We would order again.Ǿ
Was really looking forward to trying the pizza.  The reason I gave them one star is because I never got the chance to try it. The menu reads that they open at 1pm. on Fridays and Saturdays.  I tried to call at 1pm. just received a answering machine.  I tried up until 1:30pm. still not opened.  Disappointed that they did not change the menu to read a different time if they did indeed change the hours.