Everything was underseasoned.

We had the egg sandwich on croissant... it was decent, but the roll was not outstanding.

We also had the shrimp and grits... 3 shrimp that were tasteless and "cheesy" grits with very little cheese... we left half of them.

Throw in 1 glass of wine... $46 including tax and tip... won't be back... and it's a shame as we live in the area.笑
We love trying new places, looked at the reviews and they looked promising so we thought we'd give this place a shot. We made a mistake. From the fake herbs outside to the uncomfortable ikea furniture gallery seating inside, we weren't impressed. First the food. Everything is ala carte and everything we tried lacked any seasoning whatsoever. We ordered 4 different plates. Carnitas omelette. Protein breakfast. Grits and eggs and red velvet pancakes.  The carnitas were the most blan carnitas we've ever tried. The grits were not seasoned, they were lumpy and undercooked, the egg whites were cooked decent but still no salt and the turkey sausage patty was tasteless. We also ordered a side of bacon. Must be a low sodium bacon and it was super thin. Nothing and I mean nothing had salt in it. One bright side? Perfectly ripe cherry tomatoes. 

Service. I ordered a side of bacon with my breakfast. Even after reminding the waiter on 3 separate occasions it didn't come out until I was nearly finished eating my breakfast. I asked for hot sauce, they brought out a teaspoon sized dollop of this tasteless green mud. I told the girl I asked for hot sauce(tapatio, cholula, etc). The girl said that's what they have. I ordered a side of toast. They have two types of bread and yes the other one is gluten free(yeah, it's that kinda place lol). They brought out two dried out pieces of bread that were harder than a week old crouton, no exaggeration. No butter. No jellies. I asked for butter. They brought out a small dollop that was frozen. Not refrigerated..frozen! I asked for it to be warmed. I didn't see it again for at least 15 minutes after I asked two additional people for it. It came back cold. Not once did they offer a refill on our coffees or water. They were even stingy on the "bottomless minosas" that come in a 4 oz glass. Yeah, service was poor. When all was said and done it was $115 for 4 people. They actually charged us for the condiments!  Poor service, tasteless food, fake everything and outrageous prices. That's what you'll get here. 

Well at least we can say we tried it. Lol. Ya win some you lose some.笑
Great new spot in Henderson, near Seven Hills & Anthem.

Cool decor, bright/well lit, friendly service. Ideal brunch spot for us.

Pulled Turkey Benny was delicious. Wife had the "Protein Fix", white green omelet and turkey sausage, also excellent.

Will be back.笑
I met a friend here for lunch.  We arrived before noon so we were able to get a table immediately.  It gets very busy quickly around this time.  

The dining area is quaint.  We were seated along the wall with a bench and it was very comfy! Unfortunately with the amount of customers walking through the door, they sat a party of 6 next to us at a table for four.  They had to squeeze in which encroached on our space.  I felt too much apart of their conversation and couldn't hear our own.  I wish they would have put them at a larger table.  

On the plus side, I ordered the turkey sliders and a cup of white bean soup.  Turkey sliders were great and full flavor.  They are presented beautifully with the roasted vegetables perfectly placed.  The pesto aioli on the whole wheat bun gave these a tasty thumbs up from me.  

Our waiter had told us the white bean soup had turkey sausage in it.  He may have been mistaken since my cup didn't have any at all.  Disappointing but it still had a nice flavor.  

Service could be improved.  I completely understand that it was during the busy lunch hour but I believe our waiter was overwhelmed and reflected poorly.  

I really wish I had a better first experience. I won't hesitate to try them again to see if some improvements have been made.笑
Great food and service! Loved the short rib hash with smashed potatoes. Nice selection of vegan/vegetarian/gluten-free items. Pastries were fantastic too. Will definitely be back!笑
Great food, I had the turkey Benny which was delish! Very instagramable ! Will come back again!笑
This place is great!! The quality of food and presentation offers a fantastic addition to the city's already crowded breakfast scene. They were very busy, I mean packed with a long line. They were still able to deliver a fantastic product with timely service. To complement the quality of food, their decor is great, along to the vessels used for service. The best part? The value! Yes, more expensive than some of the other breakfast joints, but their quality is far superior. 
Items ordered: 

Chicken and What? - Fantastic
Smoked salmon - Better than fantastic
Turkey Benny - Good, just a tad dry...its turkey though!
RV pancakes - Very good

The coffee was very good. They have been open for less than two months, and already killing it. 
One small "opportunity for improvement" would be to work a little with the staff, so they would smile a little more often. By no means the service was not excellent, just that you can read a little stress on their faces, due to business pressure. They still were polite and efficient, though. 

Can't wait to go back, even if this means another 40 minute drive!!笑
DELICIOUS! An urban feel in the suburbs with superb food! Maritza worked fast to provide excellent service! 
 (Second visit this week)
We really like this place! Today I ordered the chorizo scramble which has onions in it. The chef made my dish special without onions! It was delicious! Our server, Jenna was very sweet and attentive!笑
Very cute restaurant/ coffeehouse. We did love the atmosphere.
 Service was okay, the server didn't bring water refill or ask if I cared for sugar when the latte was brought out. 
Our breakfast was overpriced for what we got. I appreciate the 'local' sourcing and the organic GMO free food, but this doesn't have to be in such small portions.
Felt kinda silly after leaving with a $27 check when we could have made a breakfast for about $3 with organic ingredients(which we did after).

Mimi's Cafe has a delicious breakfast and good service. I don't go there any other times than breakfast though.

CraftKitchen would've been better if the service was higher grade.笑
A gem just behind Osaka hibachi in Henderson. Decor was minimal with a touch of organic modern the support staff was on top of their game Katie did a great job, food was insanely good and better leave room for dessert the owners true magic happen after you eat an impressive meal. I had the chicken pesto salad, truffle fries. The dessert was intense Lemon meringue and a Chocolate smores treat ! Great private party room fantastic cooking looking forward to see if their breakfast holds up as well as their lunch menu!笑
I would first like to thank The Chef and owner for inviting us to their gourmet establishment. The cafe/ restaurant looks very upscale, classy, and contemporary. I love everything they had on their menu from appetizers, to entrées, desserts, coffee and wine. I took many pictures to give you guys a visual of how mouth watering each item was to me. I included a picture of the menu they provided. I love the staff on the floor and in the kitchen! They excelled unmatched guest service and relations to their upscale etiquette towards food. Nothing beats welcoming staff members which they made our day much more enjoying as we feasted at our leisure. As a food critic, we held an event here to network and promote Crafts Kitchen's food. Even though we were all over the place, they were patient with us making sure we enjoyed every last bit of our stay. I recommend dining here when you get the chance to drop by Henderson. Hands down fantastic! My pictures say the answers to your questions.笑
Waited over an hour for my food when the restaurant was not busy. When I asked about my order no one came over to explain. Now my day off is ruined and I will never go there again.笑
Awesome Place! Great food.  A little expensive to go all the time, but you get what you pay for! Me and my family and friends will all be back!笑
We had breakfast here and we are all satisfied!

- Monkey bread: Yummy! The top of the the bread had a texture like the crossaint, kind of crispy, and the bottom was fluffy.  The bread was drizzled with a glaze.  This and the organic cup of hot coffee to drink with this bread hit the spot immediately.

- Chicken and What?  with Waffle, and this is one of the best place that served it.  

- Smoked Salmon on a Pretzel Roll: Lots of smoked salmon.  I only ate half, and the second half made a delicious snack later that afternoon.

We also brought home a lemon poppy seed cake and a sticky pecan bun.  We favored the sticky pecan bun over the cake.

Oh, and this place is super spacious, with tables out in front to bring your furry babies as well.  I must say, the chairs are not comfortable since your butt is on a piece of furniture that does not have a cushion.  I guess to go with that garden theme?  That won't stop me from coming back to consume delicious food here.

And, check out their instagram for upcoming weekend brunch items.笑
Went in for brunch this morning with a lot of anticipation for something wonderful.  We loved Chris Herrin's Bread and Butter in this same spot.  The decor is very inviting and spacious.  The outside seating looked very nice but we opted to sit inside.

The menu is very eclectic and you can get breakfast or lunch items all day.  The thing is - everything is pretty pricey.  Red velvet pancakes were tasty but not worth the $10.75.  Chocolate milk for the kids was $2.75 for a glass - no refills.  They offer a carafe for $5, but it turns out that a carafe only has one and a quarter glasses of milk.  Not at all worth it - in fact it seems kinda like a ripoff.

The sliders were somewhat greasy and nothing very special.  The chicken and waffles were pretty good.

Service was okay.  We had to wait for a while for our food and the table next to us received their food first even though they sat down and ordered after us.  We had to keep flagging servers down for drink refills and for the check.  One server kept saying weird things.  When bringing some more syrup, she said "that's my workout for the day" and then "just kidding".

The bill for 4 of us including tip was over $80.

I hope they re-evaluate their pricing and work on the service professionalism.  We'd really like to have another nice locals place to eat.笑
This is hands down our favorite brunch spot! Everything on the menu is fantastic especially the chicken and waffles. The new manager is extremely personable and friendly. JP is our favorite server but Katie was awesome today! Mimosas are bomb dot comb and love the atmosphere.笑
one of the best in Vegas... if you haven't made the trip... you need too... SO MANY GOOD THINGS, YOU CANT GO WRONG!笑
This is a MUCH delayed review as I have eaten at this establishment multiple times.  I think I leave with my stomach so full and I'm just so happy that I forget all about writing a review. My deepest apologies. I have enjoyed amazing breakfast during the week and the phenomenal ever-changing brunch on the weekend, as well.  The meals are always prepared to order and with the freshest ingredients possible.

I'll go on record as saying that my favorite breakfast at CRAFTkitchen is the Smashed Avocado Toast. For someone who has a sweet tooth this just blows my mind with the fresh greens. My poached egg was cooked exactly the way I like it, as well. 

When my friends and I returned (on another date -- to celebrate my birthday) we decided to try out the brunch and we were pleasantly surprised with the vast menu options. We all tried something different and shared the CK Monkey Bread. Soooo yummy! Pretty sure we were rolled out of there that day. ;) The coffee is always fresh and delicious (which I, personally LOVE!) and the servers are extremely attentive.

CRAFTkitchen is by far one of my fave local places to eat. I'll continue to recommend it to anyone and everyone. Keep up the GREAT work!!笑
With warm anticipation, a new breakfast/lunch venue has opened in South Henderson on Eastern near St Rose.

With a fair amount of neighboring competition, it seems as though the aim to differentiate is towards locally sourced, organic ingredients...important to some, if you're into that sort of thing ;)

Starting off with the Croissant Sammy: Thick Applewood Smoked Bacon, Sharp Cheddar & Over-Hard Egg. Excellent sandwich, perfectly crispy bacon on a golden buttery pastry!  This was very enjoyable, fair portioned and memorable.

Pulled Turkey Benny: Charred Tomatoes, Avocado, Poached Egg & Citrus Hollandaise. Nice presentation, could fare well with a bacon bit or added crunch for texture, piled high of turkey, with a creamy avocado.  The underlying citrus is welcomed.

Citrus & Crab: Lump Crab, Avocado Puree, Baby Lettuce, Fingerling Chips & Champagne Vinaigrette. Very good, lettuce-cup-like in presentation with a fair amount of shredded crab and citrus. A bit difficult to eat with a fork, I just ate them like lettuce cups with my hands...hope you guys don't mind, I'm not shy around the dinner table :P

And finishing off with the Sliders: Grilled Onion, Cheese, Greens on a Whole Wheat Bun. Juicy, served medium rare, yet in need of an aioli / mayo to soften the doughy/yeasty wheat breading.  I'm a bit of a burger/slider snob, but it's almost there!

I was told that a lot of the menu is going under final revisions, subject to ingredient tweaks and adjustments.  I think the direction is spot on, and would love to revisit to venture further into the diverse menu selections.

Recommended!笑
I love this place. Great food and great service. Teresa is a great waitress ! Make sure you check out their pastries!笑
Restaurants like these make me feel like I'm not in Vegas anymore. One of the things that I disliked about Vegas when I moved here was a lack of local businesses. Now local everything is popping up- bakeries, coffee shops, quaint restaurants, shops, and breweries. I love it!

I found this spot through all of the reviews by other Yelpers. This definitely isn't in a spot that would be easy to stumble upon. It's in the same shopping center that housed Bread and Butter before it closed. It is easy to access from Eastern and the lot has plenty of parking.

The inside of the restaurant was clean and hip. It reminded me of a restaurant you'd find in southern California. There was more seating than I expected which made for immediate seating mid-morning on a Saturday.

It was hard to decide on just one item since the menu was full of good options. I ended up choosing the Croissant Sammy. Everything about this was amazing. The croissant was flaky, moist, and buttery. Inside there was plenty of bacon, a well prepared over hard egg, and the perfect amount of cheddar. On the side were greens perfectly dressed and topped with potato chips. The portion was enough without being too much. I loved every bite of this dish.

My husband had the C.K. Special which sounds like the average breakfast, but was far from average. The eggs had a beautiful golden color which looked and tasted like they were jazzed up in some way. Very good. The potatoes were the highlight of the dish. They had so much flavor and we loved the crispy texture. The meal also included bacon (can't go wrong with bacon), a little tomato mix, and am amazing mini scone.

The pastry case looked amazing so this meal called for breakfast dessert. Yes, breakfast dessert. I had the Pecan Sticky Bun and my husband had the Pumpkin Muffin. Both were heated up to make the glazes gooey. I found the Pecan Sticky Bun to be out of this world and the maple glaze on top sent it over the top. The Pumpkin Muffin was also delicious with a moist texture.笑
I adore this place! First of all when you step up you feel like you are in Portland instead of Vegas with the palates filled with plants and fun outside set up.  Inside it's quirky and modern all in one.  The food has high quality ingredients with a farm to table feel.  The short rib hash is so satisfying, and I recommend you get the poached egg on top.  They cooked mine perfectly.  Their small pies in a cup give me deep joy, not to sweet or artificial, just the rift balance of texture. As far as quantity goes main entrees are not a giant plate of just carbs and fat like many breakfast/ brunch restaurants, it's thoughtfully presented, and just enough where you have room for something sweet afterwards 

 Just today I was craving their pies like crazy and I got the time wrong, and they were closing.  They were so accomidating, and insisted I come in.  They had put all their stock away and found the two pies I wanted and rang me up.  Such wonderful service and those two pies came to under 5 dollars.  Check them out if you want a fun fresh take on breakfast/brunch, I'm so happy we finally have something like this on our side of town.笑
I have dined 2 times at Craft Kitchen and have been blown away each time! For my most recent visit I arrived at about 9:45am and sat at the bar. I ordered black coffee and a water. The crustless GF quiche on 1/10/16 was mushrooms, shallots, and parm; so that was definitely being ordered! I also ordered the sweet potato fries with maple bacon aioli. 

My coffee came quick and fresh. I am an ex-barista(not sbux) I appreciate a good crema, the picture doesn't give my coffee justice. When it was placed it front of me I thought they brought the wrong coffee. It looked as if it had milk, my tired eyes adjusted to see this beautiful crema. The coffee was hot, but sippable. Super smooth!

QOTD was served with its usual mixed green salad that had a great vinegar punch to pair well with the decadent, fluffy, pot of love. Typically the crust is 50% of the reason I'll eat a quiche. Craft Kitchen doesn't let me miss it. The egg is this beautiful light texture, the Parmesan adds just the perfect amount of richness and nuttiness. 

The sweet potato fries were good. Perfectly seasoned and fried crisp. I think I might have been served a regular garlic aioli because I'm not sure I tasted any bacon or maple. Not sure I would order these again. 

On my previous I had the Burrata salad and it was creamy, fresh, and bright! I was thinking it would be sweeter, however, the dressing was a great tangy vinaigrette. I've also tried their creamy asparagus soup and the croque monsieur 

Now. The sweets!!! I've tried the pecan sticky bun, kouign amann, and raspberry lemonade panna cotta. All of which were AWESOME! The panna cotta had this great candied lemon wheel on top, the light lemon and vanilla bean cut through the sweet and acidic punch of the raspberry sauce on bottom perfectly!! Warm that sticky bun up!!!!! It is SINFUL! Yum! 

I love Craft Kitchen. Their fresh ingredients and heart they put into the whole concept is obvious! Bravo!笑
Once we landed in Vegas, we immediately began searching out gluten-free breakfast options.  CRAFTkitchen bubbled to the top and it was pretty close to hour hotel. After our first meal, we knew we would be returning for what was almost every morning during our stay.  Our selections ranged through the CK Special, the Fresh Fruit Plate and the Greek Yogurt.  The menu had a lot more to choose from as well.  All dishes well done.   The service was spot on as my water glass was never empty.  They did an impromptu "iced coffee"  and they were really cool about substituting in a non-gluten item for the standard on the Greek Yogart plate.  Overall, nice place which did fill up quickly during peak times.笑
2.5

Just not impressed with this place, like at all. I'm sure this review will receive the typical owner comment explaining away the legitimate issues I will address (ps owner where are you? There was zero owner/manager interaction with guests seen) but here goes:

My significant other and I spend every November in Vegas at the M Resort and I am always looking for places off the beaten path to eat at. More so, I specifically look for small businesses to support. When I bookmarked this place I was excited, walking out I was disappointed. 

Regarding decor, it's  the typical "new" craft kitchen/gastropub standard decorative scheme. Coming from LA this has become common and we all know what I'm talking about; white tile, dark salvaged wood, herb/succulents, burnished steel. Been there, done that. We all know it's beautiful. 

Our server, although sweet, seemed extremely overwhelmed and unsure of herself. Having worked in the hospitality industry for almost a decade I noted to my significant other "there's too much people doing busy work and not enough servers on." Someone should talk to the staff and let them know if people's waters or coffees are empty, if there are dirty plates on the table, that rolling silverware or rearranging pastries is not the priority. Our server also forget the egg we requested on our short rib hash. It came after we were almost done (like three bites left). The egg should have  been comped, period or the whole meal offered to be remade as ordered. 

Regarding the taste and quality of food. I have to agree with some other reviewers, the price point is about two to three dollars too high for each item. The short rib hash was very small and although delicious (not amazing) I know what it costs to locally source and profit margins. Our coffee WAS amazing though, so very high marks for that.

Additional notes to staff and owner: While I was sitting there and there was an obvious wait, some people came in and bypassed the line to sit down at a table and camp out while they put in a Togo order. None of the staff were brave enough to approach these people despite the over a dozen people that were already standing there waiting. Train your staff to be more proactive and  take responsibility for their environment or post a clear sign. 

If I lived in the area, I wouldn't come back to eat, but I would probably grab a pastry and a Togo coffee.笑
We really wanted to love this place. Our favorite place (Layers) recently closed and we hoped this would become the go to spot now. Came twice on a weekend since they opened. While I understand it takes time to work out all the details in a new place, something needs to be done about the service. When you walk in there's a sign stating to go to the right counter to be seated. It's hard to see it right away and most people just wait at the door further blocking the sign. The staff doesn't really do anything about it and you need to catch someone to get a table. No fun when you waiting with kids. When finally seated both times took a while for someone to come by. On a second visit once we finally ordered, few minutes later another waiter came by to say he will be our server and what would we like. We said we just ordered. Again took time for drinks and only water came. Server forgot our coffee until we flagged her down. It was nicely comped later as apology for the wait. The waitress just seemed not to care at all. She made some weird comments when I was ordering my son's breakfast along the line "you sure that's what you want for him", not even half way through our meal asked if we are ready for our check, and asked two more times, until we finally said yes. Another server brought our food including small bowl of fruit. I asked if that's part of the kids meal and he said "yeah". During the first visit, we did get fruit with the kids chicken meal, so I thought that was the case again. Turned out I was charged for it and the waitress just said "which guy told you that". It doesn't matter, she took my order and I did not ask for it in a first place. Also, she never gave us itemized bill until my husband paid and it just seemed too much. Once I asked, she printed a copy which showed the charge for the fruit. While the food is good with quality ingredients and nice presentation (hence the 2 stars), the overall experience was not pleasant either time, and we won't be back.笑
This place is a must try and then return and then return again and again! Went for brunch with my mom and we shared two plates, the smoked salmon and the chicken wat? They both were off the charts delicious!! I can't wait to go back and try a few more plates. Don't take my word for it, go in and try for yourself.笑
Ugh. My boyfriend and I went for Brunch last Sunday. The service was not rude in any way but extremely disorganized (example: 3 different servers came by to get our drink order, but it took probably 20 minutes to finally get drinks).  I ordered chicken and waffles and my bf ordered a burger and garlic fries. The garlic fries were good and my boyfriend enjoyed his burger. The chicken and waffles, however, were *terrible*. No flavor, no texture and a serious lack of seasoning. With so many delicious brunch options nearby, we will not be back. The kicker? $78 for the bill. Nope.笑
Great food but service needs to improve. They are all over you when you first get in but you never see them after you get your food. Friend purchased bottomless mimosas but never got more than two and I'm out of a bloody Mary for 20 mins without anyone asking if I want another. Poor poor笑
This is a wonderful breakfast and lunch destination. Coffee was uncommonly good. Menu is creative, and the food is delicious. Great service (Teresa)!  As the restaurant evolves, I dream of (1) vegan options/substitutions; and (2) dinner hours. Thanks for establishing a great restaurant in this neighborhood!!笑
I feel like a salmon going against the current with my 3 stars review of CRAFTkitchen. I've made 2 visits here around lunch time in the past 30 days. The food is a funky mix of items that you may not find at other more traditional breakfast places. The food was hot, fresh, colorful, flavorful, and filling. Why the middle of the road rating?? The service and the seating are not something I want to experience on a regular basis. Wait staff seemed overwhelmed and rushed. It was like they were trying to be patient and engage with the customers but they just didn't have the time. 
The seating is very tightly packed together and when you get that place full it was so hard to hear that I had to raise my voice to be heard by my friend across the table. Then the front entrance was blocked by the people waiting to be seated- not sure how code enforcement would feel about that. It just gave me like an anxious/rushed feeling while I was eating. There are tables outside if you want to brave the elements but I would be afraid that service is even slower if you eat outside. 
Sad to say the cramped style of eating is not my cup of tea so I will let all the 4 and 5 star reviewers eat there while I dine elsewhere.笑
Another satisfying Saturday breakfast to start my weekend errands and chores to yet another fun evening weekend that I am anticipating tonight with friends from California. The Italian omelet is good and the chorizo skillet is also good, both will appeal to someone looking for a different than a traditional breakfast.笑
Very disappointed to be turned away because it's Mother's Day and the hostess said they were only taking reservations. 85% of the restaurant was empty. And we were there before 9:30 just 2 of us. They could have easily accommodated us. I have eaten here several times and was always satisfied with the service however I will not be going back. I'll take my local business elsewhere.笑
This place was excellent, I found out about this place through a friend and decided to experience it myself. I love anything red velvet and when I tried their velvet pancakes, it was heavenly!! Also to side it with the hot chocolate ( which was very rich ) , was even better. 
for pricing I say isn't that bad but you get what you pay for. Overall , this is certainly not your average breakfast/ brunch place. It has a very unique and significant difference, especially the ambiance that's very earthy and subtle. I loved the succulent wall piece as well. Although one thing I could complain would be the chicken and waffles, I had it sit out a bit since my friends and I ordered quite a lot and I tasted spicy waffles instead of sweet. I noticed it was because they garnished the plate with jalapeños for the chicken. And the syrup was quite messily plated and caught on that spicy jalapeño flavor with it as well and it was really weird . But aside from that, good service, great food and will come back again.笑
Well, that is how breakfast is done. 

There isn't much that will get me to drive across town but after hearing all the rave reviews of CRAFTKitchen and seeing all the pictures of gorgeous food I had to give them a try for myself.

They were packed on the Saturday morning after Thanksgiving and my mom and I patiently waited for a seat while ogling the delicious looking pastries in the display case.

Finally seated it took me a minute to decide what I wanted to order. Everything sounded amazing and as I unabashedly stared at the food from neighboring tables the decision process became that much harder. I finally settled on the short rib hash, while my mom ordered the smoked salmon on a pretzel roll. I also ordered a pecan roll to share. 

The pastry came out first and it was perfection. I recommend having it heated to maximize the ooey gooey factor. We devoured this in about eight seconds flat. Next, our entrees arrived and they we're everything my heart was hoping for and more. The short rib hash was evenly flavored and the crispiness of the potatoes complemented the subtly sweet flavors of the meat. I loved every bite of this dish. The smoked salmon was excellent as well. The pretzel bread was soft and pillowy and enhanced the flavors of the salmon and cream cheese well. 

I can't rave about this place enough and I look forward to returning soon and often.笑
We arrived here just an hour and a half after opening and already there were many people seated. That already told me, they must be good! 

Everything about this place seemed geared toward being eco-friendly, and while they did have tons of succulents on each table and also along the wall, I do think it'd be nicer if they were all real :) 

That aside, the food was delicious. It took awhile to get to our table, but it was presented nicely and tasted so good! We will definitely come back here!笑
Had a great experience her. I've seen a lot of people checking in here, and have been dying to go. The last few times we tried to go here, there was a line at the door, and unfortunately we had no time to wait. 

Pros:
Healthy breakfast options
Beautiful pastry's
Service
Food Quality
Atmosphere
Strong/flavorful organic coffee

Cons:
The only ones I can think of is sometimes you may have to wait. Also, although my food was perfect, one person in our party was a little picky, and their eggs were under cooked.

Overall: 
If you are looking for an interesting, healthy, quick breakfast or lunch, then stop in here to enjoy it in a homey, but modern atmosphere!笑
We decided to stop in for breakfast on a workday and received excellent service. Our food was just okay, nothing to write about. I believe most reviews with bigger ratings see the great ambiance and service. I cannot see the food getting more than an A-ok.笑
This was my first time dining here and I will be back often. I ordered a pretty basic breakfast of eggs and bacon with potatoes but there was something different about it.  If you like hot sauce they have one with the right amount of heat that was perfect with the eggs and potatoes. Getting great service was an added bonus.笑
I absolutely love this place. Great customer service, great food, & the absolute best pastries. Probably my new favorite place to come for breakfast.笑
Great service great food again.  Devin the manager communicated with our wait time and ensure we got sat quickly.  After being sat Katie our server greeted us with water and plastic cups for my kids.  We ordered within a few minutes and a worker brought us some monkey bread from Devon while waiting for our brunch.  Very impressed since our kids were getting hungry waiting for our food.  Our bottomless champagne never disappoints.  My peach salad was awesome, the beef sliders were huge, and the kids tenders were perfect for two kids to share.  We were stuffed but had a tiramisu to share.  I thank Katie and Devin again for always a great job.  See u soon!!笑
I love checking out new brunch restaurants over the weekends and CRAFTKitchen is a new spot. Located near Anthem, inside a quiet shopping center behind Osaka. I live in Anthem CC and most residents can dine at the golf course restaurant, over looking the beautiful course. Service and food need to be on point, if new restaurants down the street want to earn Country Club residents. 

First impression: cute decor. Looks fresh, modern and clean. 

Second impression: We walked in and no one said hello, maybe they were busy (who knows)?? Not sure where to stand for a table, we decided to stand behind another couple in front of us but turned out to be the coffee takeout line. Another couple who walked in behind us got seated first. Then we walked over to the other side of bar area and got seated. 

Looked over the menu and placed our orders. Our food arrived and I noticed we received a side order of bacon and red velvet pancakes that we never ordered. Also, never received a soup spoon with the soup. Had to request one. Another server told us due to the wait, the chef said the dessert is on the house. I assumed it was the red velvet pancakes and thought that was a sweet gesture. 

Food taste great, fresh. 

When it was time to pay the tab, our server asked us what dessert we wanted on the house and I told him we received the red velvet pancakes. He looked a bit confused and I had to briefly explain another server came and told us it was on the house. His response was he thought we ordered it. Umm, no. We didn't lol. 

Anyways, they took the pancakes off the tab but I ended up paying an extra $5 for the side of bacon. Not a big deal since we ate it but I was a bit surprised that we received two items that we never ordered. 

My first dining experience at CRAFTKitchen...just okay. From getting seated after another couple (who walked in behind us) to receiving 2 non-ordered items they need to hire a stronger front house staff. Current servers do not seem proficient.笑
Beautiful restaurant, delicious food, and excellent service makes CRAFTkitchen a triple threat and THE Henderson hot spot for breakfast, brunch or lunch!

--Restaurant--
Farmhouse Chic! A cross between contemporary rustic, with a touch of industrial. 

First the place is 2x the size of the former breakfast place that occupied this space. They knocked out a wall and voila!! Three dining room areas!! The main dining area has booths, tables and counter seating. There's a private dining room also (call ahead to reserve). When it's not windy and the temps are right, take advantage of sitting outdoors!

Love the wall dividers with potted plants made from wooden pallets on their outdoor patio. The dark wood dining tables are custom made with CRAFTkitchen etched on the corner are just gorgeous! They make the perfect backdrop for food pix too :D

--Food--
Health conscious, meat & potatoes kinda person, sweet tooth? CRAFTkitchen has got it covered. Fresh, organic, baked goods made from scratch, cooked to order.

Foodies be prepared!  Your culinary senses will go crazy for Chef Jaret's creative dishes. The quinoa cake on pureed potato, (Farmhouse Stack) is brilliant. Smoked Salmon on pretzel bun made in house is really good. Turkey Benny with the PERFECTLY poached egg, is a winner as well.  Love the garnish of garden fresh greens they use too. Everything is meticulously crafted by chef and his awesome crew. 

-Baked breads
A++ I didn't have to tell Mr. B. I brought home bread the other day. He smelled the fresh baked cranberry bread as soon as I walked in the door. The flavors, taste and textures of all their breads are all perfect like that. 

-Breakfast/Brunch\Lunch
Everything on the menu is available all hours. Get the Quiche of the Day!! (QOTD). Creamy smooth, light texture. crustless too,(big plus for those who want Gluten Free). The quiches vary so check the chalkboard when you enter the restaurant or check their instagram ahead of time. Whatever they mix in, Gruyere cheese, spinach, bacon, potatoes, mushrooms, CRAFTkitchen crew nails this savory dish! 

-Soups
Dont miss ordering this either!!! Hearty and rich, perfect start for warming up in the morning. Hard to resist not ordering their soups either.  Butternut Squash, Asparagus, Pumpkin, I'll never get tired of.

The kids menu is kid tested and approved. The foodie-in-training toddler that comes along with me cleans her plate. 

Lastly the PASTRIES & DESSERTS!
Ohhh...my...make room for them too! The pecan sticky bun, brioche cinnamon roll, lemon tart, and that croissant bread pudding. So far everything in the dessert case is wicked good! Yeah and wicked for my waist. Good thing they open early (7am), gives you the rest of the day to work off the calories. 

Been showing up here couple times a week for a month now and repeat orders have been consistent in execution and SO good!!

--The Scene--
Classy, casual, chill vibe. Family friendly, soccer moms, fitness freaks, instafoodiegramers, hipsters, grandmas and even the meat and potatoes crowd (ie Mr. B) would feel at home here. There's something for everyone.  

Price ...For me, I have no problem paying average of under 15 or up to $25 for my meal, plus pastry..or pastries, tart etc. Know that quality ingredients are used.  I appreciate that. 

Service...Excellent!. Dining in, there's table service. Their really sweet staff working the counter will seat you or are there to ring you up if you just want to buy baked goods from the dessert case.

The servers have always been great, whether it's early am or on a crazy busy day. Teresa and Rusty are pretty attentive, my orders come out in a timely manner.  Owner Chef/Tami (Chef Jaret's wife) is hands on the floor overseeing everything and greeting customers too.  

It's nice that they dont rush everyone in and/or out. My guest pointed out there is no clock on the walls. Be prepared for a 20 minute wait in the foyer on crazy busy Sundays, no joke. But that is a given for popular spots anywhere.

Location....this spot was formerly occupied by Bread & Butter (miss you Chef Chris!) corner of Sunridge and Eastern. If you take Green Valley Pkwy up pass the Target, the street turns to Sunridge, turn RIGHT into the strip mall before you hit the light on Eastern. BAM you are there.

--SUMMARY--
CRAFTkitchen rocks! That is all!笑
The last thing this neighborhood needed was another greasy spoon breakfast place! *eye roll* No offense to those businesses, since there's a time, a place and obviously a market for that but my preference is now gravitating towards high quality, organic foods. I am a follower of the paleo diet, so CRAFTkitchen is one of the few options I have to find my type of food. To quote Jim Rohn, "Take care of your body. It's the only place you have to live." I'm a firm believer in that.

Thank you Jaret Blinn for answering my prayers and putting this gem and welcome addition to the neighborhood near me. I now have a favorite brunch place that I can take all my friends to. I'm not just saying that because of the bottomless mimosas on weekends, although they certainly don't hurt matters either. *wink wink* 

I love that they have gluten free options on their menu. I have a lot of gluten intolerant friends actually, so I take that into account when selecting restaurants. All of their ingredients are farm fresh and the presentation is just like you would expect from the fanciest of restaurants. 

It's always super packed as of late and I worry it's just going to get worse as more and more people discover it because of all these great reviews they have. The modern contemporary meets industrial chic decor is definitely cool, it could stand to be a bit more comfy, but then that would also cause longer wait times, since people would be more prone to stay longer. I know how it works. I get it! That's just a lil gripe because I do like a bit of padding for my derriere when I sit down. Haha! 

I do wish they'd make room for more tables (or make better use of the space). The long table across from the coffee bar is a nice place to wait to be seated but if they made that useable space, then maybe there wouldn't have to be as long of a wait, since people would be seated somewhere to get their orders going. Just a thought. That's my only suggestion. Other than that, they are on the right track. It's so cool to have been a customer since the beginning and watch their success grow. :)笑
These people were so awesome and nice to us. Our waiter was on top of it and kept the drinks refilled. Was even nice enough to take our picture for our girls brunch! I loved the homemade pop tart! I even got two! The pork carnitas omelet with that creamy lime sauce was delicious! Oh and their pomegranate mimosas were perfectly balanced.笑
The bacon was really good but otherwise nothing worth coming back for. Don't believe the hype. Henderson desperately needs a good brunch spot and this is not it. Everything was OK but just OK.笑
Invited to try some new menu items by chef/owner Jaret Blinn, four of us came here for brunch at 1 PM on 26 December.

Seated in the private (semi-private) room, we started with appetizer pastries (that's what I'll call them).  They ranged from sticky buns, to cinnamon buns, scones, and croissants among others.  Each one was absolutely wonderful.  Chef Blinn shows his skill with these pastries.  

Following this, we had our savory dishes which included shrimp and grits, Citrus and crab salad, Ciabatta Caprese, crustless quiche of the day, short rib fries, Croque monsieur panini, and chorizo Shepherd's pie.  I didn't get a chance to try the citrus and crab salad but everything else was outstanding.  I enjoyed the panini and the Ciabatta Caprese as well as the quiche.  Everything is thought out so well and they're very good dishes.

After the main dishes, it was time for more pastries that I'll refer to as dessert pastries.  These included mango sticky rice, S'mores waffles, a chocolate sticky bun, and a duo of bread pudding and sticky toffee pudding.

Service was excellent with new share plates and silverware for each course without needing to ask.  Refills of my iced tea were frequent and again with no need to ask.

Chef Blinn's desire to turn out quality pastries and savory dishes is evident in everything I tried.  He's a very dedicated man who makes his food with quality ingredients and has a menu that is very diverse such that anyone coming here can find many things to like.  You're not going away disappointed.

It's a shame it's a 20 minute drive from home to get here or I'd be buying pastries more than I do now.  Getting some of these pastries in the future will be worth the trip!笑
This place will cost a pretty penny but every bite is worth it. Fresh ingredients, great service and always delicious food. Some favorites are the French dip, pulled turkey egg Benedict and the avocado toast. Great atmosphere and vibe.笑
This place is GREAT! I've been here several times on the weekend and have loved every item my wife or I have eaten. Cool ambiance and attentive service. No matter how hard I try I can't go home without some goodies from the case. They are awesome. I really appreciate  how they have different specials that change every weekend so you always have some new options. They use Melissa's Produce company so all of the vegetables are of high quality and super fresh. We have the same rep and she turned us on to this place. Thanks Jennifer! I'm actually bringing some friends and family there tomorrow so see you then Craft Kitchen! What a gem!笑
The best service I've ever had. They were so friendly. And I even lost my phone in the restaurant and Devin helped me find it. Thanks again for everything!笑
Fried chicken of the waffles is ok. But the waffles.!?! Awesooooome. I wish I had more of these. They a little discs of some of of corn batter that remained fluffy. It was not like corn bread, it was a Chewey happy waffle texture. Great waffles. The chicken itself was white meat and the breaking just fell apart. It was ok. But the waffles! I wish I had more of them. So good. It was like cake.笑
Amazing food, my compliments to the chef and the cooks who make it happen. Horrible service though.笑
I go here for brunch almost weekly it feels like. I've tried several things off the menu but most of them were specials. GET THE SPECIALS! They know what they are doing. 

A solid winner in the avocado toast. Basic I know. They serve it with a poached egg, yum. My friend and I usually get one to share as I don't imagine it to be satisfying on it's own. 

Extremely reasonable with servings and prices! That's my favorite part is they don't skimp. Bottomless mimosas are only 16 bucks! They are a little slow at serving them... or I should say they try to pace you so you're not face first in your food. 

Staff is chill and hospitable. Love this place!笑
slow slow service okay food always croweded thou  the danishes taste old笑
First time but will not be the last. Loved the strawberry shortcake waffles!!!! Also had a side of turkey sausage and that was brilliant as well. Wife had the farmers stack and she loved it. Great service! Very quick on my bottomless mimosas refills. We will be back!!!!笑
As a super foodie I was impressed by the food and even more impressed by the quality of service... They exceeded every expectation! Churros waffles, Cheddar Biscuits and gravy were beyond mouth watering... Coffee was amazing! I felt like I was in the best cafe in San Francisco.... Only one improvement needed. Craft just needs heaters outside for that amazing patio they created!!! Thank you for the best breakfast for my family!!!!!!!!笑
Attended an event at SkinBar today and they had a whole spread of delicate pastries and an assortment of cheeses and meats! It was all so good! I can't wait to try out breakfast and/or lunch!笑
Oh my gosh is this place amazing. I had the fish tacos and they were so good. We ordered regular fries and sweet potato fries for the table and they were amazing too. The only issue is maybe they could be a bit bigger since they're always so busy.笑
Decided to give this place another try. We sat outside since we had our two littles. I love the kids menu. I think they offer great value with the kids meals. My daughter had red velvet pancakes and it was SO good and a big serving. My husband got the chicken and waffles. He thought it was ok, just a bit overcooked so the chicken strips were pretty dry. I ordered the Cuban sandwich and didn't enjoy it at all. Nothing like a real Cuban, which was to be expected, but their version misses the mark. We may return again to try more items on the menu, but so far half of what we've tried has been fantastic and the other half has been less than satisfactory, so we'll see.笑
I give this place 4 stars. Just came here yesterday for brunch with a group of friends. Our server was very nice. The only reason I give this place 4 stars is because its a little on the pricier side for the amount of food you get. Food is great, just wish the prices were a little more reasonable. Also I had the White Mocha Latte SOOOOO GOOD!!笑
Came here after seeing Yelp reviews. Had such a good experience that I've been coming here regularly. Busy local spot that is popular for brunch. Bottomless mimosas on the weekends. 

Favorite dishes I have had here are short rib hash and chorizo skillet. But honestly, everything here is good. I have also had the monkey bread, sweet potato fries, pork carnitas omelet, and oatmeal. 

Follow them on Instagram. They post weekend specials. I most recently had the short rib mac and cheese and the crab and asparagus omelet from the weekend specials menu. 

Super good restaurant. Expect to wait for 20 minutes for a table. But it's well worth the wait.笑
Went here for Sunday brunch after church. Didn't even know about it until I saw it on Yelp. I must say, the restaurant itself is aesthetically pleasing. There's an area to eat at outside in case you want to enjoy the weather or if you just want to bring your doggies. It's really simple & very modern looking. Very LA to me, I loved it. The staff is also friendly & helpful. Katie served us today and she gave good suggestions. 

I ended up ordering the C.K. special which included 2 eggs of your choice, bacon or turkey sausage (I got the turkey sausage & it was really flavorful), & smashed potatoes (omg so crispy & perfect!). My boyfriend ordered the French Dip which came with a salad on the side. He said he enjoyed his sandwich. We also ordered sweet potato fries that came with this sauce. I don't know what that sauce was, but it was pretty delicious. Oh & cant forget the chocolate chip banana bread. Soooo good! Must try. 

This is a perfect place for having brunches. I would've ordered myself a mimosa, but that didn't go so well for me at another restaurant two days ago LOL. All in all, enjoyed my visit here. Will be back!笑
This would have been a 5 star review but unfortunately they open at 7am, we came in at 9:40am and they did not have the CK Monkey Bread ready and we were told it would not be ready for another 45 minutes????

Overall we really like this place, the food is good, the staff are all amazing and they do what they can to serve organic and fresh foods, all here in Henderson....

Finally a great place on this side of town.  The ambiance is really cool, the deserts and sweets, OMG.  They keep them right in front so when you walk in the front door to be seated you see the 3 counter spaces filled with them.....

This is a place I highly recommend as they are amazing and really needs our support, although like I said there is nothing else like this on this side of town so they should not have any issues.笑
The staff is so friendly. I love the atmosphere and decor here. It's like stepping out of Vegas and into a different city like Portland. The food is excellent. Well prepared and delicious.  I like that they have a good variety of dishes and pastries. I'm definitely coming back笑
Going out, breakfast has been my last uncompromised meal. I like my eggs scrambled, a side of animal protein and home fried potatoes, either a muffin or sourdough toast.  I down it with a cup of coffee. I won't say I haven't gone through the arches for a breakfast biscuit now and then.  Pancakes, Biscuits and sausage, much like my higher than comfortable cholesterol level, is a distant memory.

I finally gave up begrudgingly to meet a friend who has gone all natural as possible.  She gave Craft Kitchen a glowing report right down to the Chef's background, service and food.  I won't say she dared me .. ok I will say, she dared me - so off we went.

The Space is beautiful, filled with light, and spotless. There is dining outside and it was nice to see people bring their well mannered dogs for a sun drenched breakfast.  Our server was friendly, speedy, and professional.  I saw there was brunched advertised on the chalk board menu. I have to admit I didn't think to ask if there was a separate brunch menu.  I'm blaming pre-coffee because we went early to avoid any brunch crowd.

I wanted something from the bakery case.  Everything looked food magazine photo ready and delicious.  After a "Seriously" from my friend, I tried their "Smashed Avocado Toast (v) grilled ciabatta, sunflower seed pesto, micro greens, poached egg" instead.  I ordered a Chai Latte to go with.  Both were amazingly good.  

For the record, I could have stuck to an uncompromising meal with the C.K. Special or even a Chorizo Scramble Skillet; but, the dare was try something 'out of the box'.  Which I did and so I won and then because the experience at Craft Kitchen was such a great one - I won again!笑
Tried this place for brunch a few months ago. They were busy and it took about 20 minutes to get seated. I had the chicken and waffles and was completely underwhelmed with the lack of seasoning, small portion sizes, and breading that fell off the fried chicken. It was some of the worst food an apparently 'more upscale place' that I've had in a long time. Service was friendly enough, but really young and fairly inexperienced. They treated it like a job and did not seem particularly sincere.  I can't remember what my husband had, but I remember him saying that it was just OK. This isn't a place that I'm excited to go back to.笑
This place was delicious. I had the quinoa farmer stack and my friend had the salmon with a pretzel bagel. They both tasted fresh and flavorful. Planning on coming here again for another brunch date.笑
Expensive. Food is not tasty . Pastries are dry and they dont have a lot of options.poor service .笑
I love that Vegas is starting to get more and more local places to eat. It's a great option over going to a casino or to the strip. 

I thought this place was so cute! I came here recently with my uncle for breakfast. I love that they use local ingredients and are a farm to table restaurant. 

They have outside seating but since it was winter it was too cold to sit here. We arrived just in time before a large crowd came in so we were able to get a table relatively quickly. If you do not feel like waiting a long time for a table on the weekend I would suggest getting there at 11am or before. This place gets popular after that!

I decided to order the avocado toast. This comes with an egg on the top and pesto. I really enjoyed this and felt proud for eating healthy since the other things I tried weren't as healthy. 

We also tried their pecan sticky bun. It was so good! I wish we would have had them warm it up, I bet that would have tasted amazing. 

I also ordered their hot chocolate that came with a marshmallow that was dipped in chocolate and peppermint. It was so rich I had to add a little water to it but it was very good. Dipping in the marshmallow was my favorite part and was glad it was included with the drink.

Lastly, we took a cupcake home with us. Since it was Christmas time it was a red velvet cupcake with frosting that was made to look like a reindeer. It was so cute and part of the reason why I purchased it. I really enjoyed it and was a good take home treat. 

The prices here are a little higher since they are dealing with local ingredients but I do not mind paying extra for quality food. 

 I would love to try their lunch here next time!笑
My better half found this place on Yelp and were decided to stop in for a late lunch. Their posted hours are 730a-3p and we snuck in around 240p. We were a little worried we might be rushed, or even turned away (yes, it's happened to us before at another small business which I reviewed on here). Our server (I didn't catch her name) promptly sat us and got us drinks without any rush at all.
We ordered our food and with her quiche, there was a small side salad.  Now my better half is deathly allergic to vinegar, so she just put it to the side. When our server came to check on us, she asked if everything was okay with the salad, and we told her about the vinegar allergy, and apologized for not mentioning it prior. She asked if she wanted a different salad, but the quickly realized that all the dressings had vinegar in them. So she offered us not only a side of fries, but truffle fries That was very nice of her to offer.
Not once throughout the meal, did we get an inkling of them wanting to rush us out. In fact, as we were finishing up, we asked for a "to-go" cup for her coffee and the gentleman behind the counter offered us fresh cup for the road. Wow! And he even made her a latte instead!
So we paid the check and on the way out, the same gentleman behind the counter asked if he could have a minute of our time. After that, of course. I figured it was for a customer comment card or a survey. He asked if we had tried any of their fresh pastries and we nodded no (I think he noticed my better half drooling on the glass pastry display as we walked in and waited to be seated). He pulled out a brown "to-go" box and proceeded to explain what each pastry was as he placed them in the box. About half a dozen pastries later, he closed the box, pushed it across the counter and said, "I hope you enjoy them!" He introduced himself as Devin and wished us a great rest of our day. A great meal AND some great desserts?!? Double wow!
There are lots of great places to eat in this fantastic city of ours. Some have great dishes that you may or may not remember, but I think you ALWAYS remember that great feeling of when a business makes you feel WANTED and APPRECIATED. And yesterday afternoon, CRAFTkitchen did both. Thank you again guys! We will absolutely be back.

--
Matt & Lex笑
The restaurant has a very open layout which I love. A welcoming trendy ambience... Almost reminds me of SF. 

The food was great. Not only was the plating beautifully presented, but it tasted amazing. Satisfied every taste bud and didn't leave me with a heavy feeling when I was done. Our waiter was very sweet and checked up on us every once in a while to make sure we were doing okay. 

Overall, I'd recommend this place to anyone if they are looking for a brunch place in the area.笑
Everything was salty. We ordered sautéed scallops, braised short ribs hash and omelet with Italian meat. The spinach in the scallop dish was salty and totally threw off the dish. $9 bucks for 2 average size scallops and salty spinach = rip off. Regarding the  omelet - I had mine with egg white smothered in a salty tomato sauce. Eggs were bland and the sauce with some sort of dice ham. The hash was slightly above average for the flavors but ruined by the saltiness. I only gave 2 stars for the aesthetic of the place and the concept of organic, locally grown ingredients.笑
Great ambience , and our service was good.

I ordered the smashed toast which was ve4y tasty. (Not enough for my vegan tummy though). 

Husband ordered Short Rib Hash. 
He said he taste was good.

Also the fresh brewed coffee was good as well.

The only down side was the prices .. 

My avacado with 2 small  pieces of chibata bread was $12 95.笑
This place is fresh innovative and serves a good variety of dishes. We are in love with their desserts and the breakfast burrito! Everything on the menu is delicious. Wish there were more locations.笑
I came here hoping I could score a solid Paleo meal. I left because my server made no effort to accommodate my requests. Nearly every meal has bread, eggs, or white potatoes. I asked for the salmon without the two eggs and I could substitute sweet potato fries. Seems fair. No, he was going to charge me for the side even though I was getting half a meal.  I tried to explain my diet but he said he doesn't know about Paleo and wanted to know if I was ordering or not. That was enough to make our party leave that minute.

This restaurant comes up with every search for "Paleo restaurant". Paleo eating for health is a fluid concept that allows for variation because many of us are trying to recover from illness caused by the standard American diet. I cannot have wheat, nightshades ( white potatoes, eggplant) or eggs. I didn't expect the server to know about my individual needs. I did expect him to be educated and trained enough to help me to choose from the fresh food they so proudly promote, so that I CAN maintain my health. This was embarrassing and time wasting and I will not return.笑
Hands down top spot. Top 3 spots to enjoy dining with a great atmosphere. I had the Italian melt. First the bread is amazing. Flavored properly and with a nicely added crunch. The pesto aioli is complimentary on the sandwich. But with the added Italian meats it give the sandwich a slight sweet, salty flavor. The salad that Comes with the melt has a phenomenal vinaigrette flavor. Light but packed with tons of flavor.笑
Love all their meals!  I feel heathy when I leave!  Perfect place for lunch or breakfast!  Friendly staff too!笑
Heard about this place from numerous people and it was more than what they had talked it up to be. Fantastic place! Short Rib Hash and Monkey Bread are a must! Everyone from the host, to the waitress, to the manager were extremely personal. Devin, the manager, is actually an old friend from high school and he is such a nice guy who cares about everyone's needs in the restaurant. Fantastic food and fantastic service!笑
Service was slow no communication between the staff and the customer,  food took forever to come out. Anticipated the food to take time to come out , so we ordered for the kids as we sat down. The tables that sat after us recieved their food before us. A previous time we came there was a hair in my food.笑
I was really excited about the opening of CRAFTkitchen! I am definitely a fan of the cute, modern decor/seating and the beautiful presentation of the food (very instagram-able!).  But unfortunately, I'm not a fan of the small portions and the high price of the dishes.

My friends and I ordered the Short Rib Hash, Beef Sliders, Truffle Fries, and Sweet Potato fries w/ Maple Bacon Aioli. 

- Short Rib Hash: I actually wasn't totally in love with this dish as much as other yelpers were! There was a bit too much gravy for my liking. I really liked the tenderness of the braised short ribs though! The smashed potatoes that it came with were good as well but nothing that stands out. I also added a poached egg for $1.75.

- Grass Fed Beef Sliders: I actually preferred the Sliders over the Short Rib Hash!! The plate came with 3 sliders which had pecorino cheese, arugula pesto aioli, carmelized onion on a house-made potato roll. It was delicious!! The only complaint was that my friend ask for his sliders to be cooked medium rare but it seems like that request was ignored unfortunately since the server told us that they were "cooked medium/medium rare anyway". When the dishes came out, the waitress didn't know the cook of it and his sliders ended up being cooked medium instead, much to his disappointment ): 

- Fries: The truffle fries were pretty good but I would say the Sweet Potato Fries definitely stands out more with the Maple Bacon Aioli sauce!! The fries + that aioli sauce were probably one of favorite things to eat. 

Would I come back to CRAFTkitchen again? It's unlikely. The food was tasty but my friends weren't even full after eating their entrees and sides, despite paying a hefty bill for brunch (~$20-25 each).笑
Ive been here a few times and I have mixed feelings about this place. So far the couple times ive came I noticed a few positives and negatives.
I like to look at the glass as half full so ill start with positives.

1. Service has been good.
2. Outside seating
3.healthy & unhealthy options
4. Deserts are good

now for the not so positive.

1. Serving sizes are small.
2. Food is a bit to pricey especially for the amount of food.
3. Food doesn't really come with sides. Sides are another 5 bucks or so when normal breakfast/ brunch places gave sides. 

This is place is more of a cafe in my eyes. Don't come here hungry. Come here for more of a hangout during down time, its a mice spot for that. So far the food i have tried is good. However I feel like I don't really get what I pay for and leave unsatisfied.笑
Rarely have I been to a place where the food looks as good in person as it does in pictures. I had the roasted salmon benedict. It was pretty good except the English muffin was mush three bites in and I hadn't even poured the hollandaise on. Also salmon could have been cooked a little less for a better texture. I absolutely will be back for some of the other things I wanted to try. That mocha though, now I can never go back to Starbucks.笑
Their presentation is great. The food itself was okay. For the price we paid I def felt like it have been better. I got one of the breakfast sandwich and it was pretty basic. Nothing spectacular about it at all. I got one of their bloody Mary's and they used sake instead of regular liquor? It gave it an odd taste and again it was just over priced and didn't enjoy it. Everything is pretty over done or has some "cool" twist on it. My bf and I even joked about their red velvet pancake, about asking for a regular one, and being told they don't do "basic" pancakes....we asked, they didn't have regular pancakes, just the red velvet.笑
Second time here. Service is not so good. Two different people I have asked for things and they both forgot.笑
Cozy atmosphere, grass-fed food, and bottomless mimosas.  Our server Elle was outstanding, and catered to all of our needs.  She explained multiple items in great detail and made sure we were taken care of.  All of us preferred different items, the butternut squash hash, protein breakfast, and chorizo omelet.  All three of us were truly satisfied with our orders

First the butternut squash hash was outstanding topped with shredded turkey.  For the table we ordered some sweet potato fries that were amazing as well.

My friend ordered the chorizo omelet with bacon and literally could not stop talking about it.  The melding of cheese egg and bacon truly made the meal for him.

As far as atmosphere, the tables are close together, but far enough to have individual conversations.  Realistically this place always has a wait, and tries their best to accommodate as many patrons as possible.

My best advice is to order the bottomless mimosas.  At $8 a glass and $16 bottomless, it makes absolute sense to go all the way.  Be sure to try all the options, blood orange, regular, and pomegranate.

Last but not least, be sure to try the banana nut bread.  My friend ordered it as a starter and we had to order another!

Between the food, the ambiance, service, and overall presentation, this place is definitely a 5/5.笑
Great service! Healthy options for breakfast. Nice change from usual, heavy Vegas fare.笑
Portions are just right for a healthy eater watching calories. Food tasted good. I would pass by again to try something else. Service was nice. We were seated when we entered the door. Ordered right away. Food took about 25-30 mins. Check took another 10 mins.笑
I ordered the Breakfast burrito. Needs a little work on the plate presentation to make it look more appetizing.  It looked plain and tasted plain.  Was expecting more flavor to it considering it has roasted chile, chorizo and a tomatillo avocado salsa.笑
1st time here and the service was great! I had the chorizo shepherds pie and it didn't look big at first but let me tell you it defiantly was filling and the flavor was amazing and I added a over med egg  and that just topped it off overall a 5 star experience!!!笑
I have been wanting to come here for a longest time since  many of my friends like this place. Unfortunately, I was not satisfied with the service nor the food. 

The service was soooo slow. There were two tables behind us that were seated after us and were able to order before us. Not to mention they got their food at least 20 minutes before we did. I was not happy about that. Then, we waited about forty minutes to get our food.  They couldn't even give us our appetizer first. I mean forty minutes come on. Fries is the easier thing you can prepare in the kitchen. The waitress was nice enough to bring us one banana chocolate bread (there was four of us) but she didn't even follow up with us on our order till we complained to her about the wait. She barely even had time to come by to refill my water. 

I ordered the chicken and waffles. The waffles were decent but the chicken was not crispy but rather soggy. Very disappointed. I tried my friends short rib hash which was pretty flavorful. 

In short, a highly disappointing brunch experience. I will give their dinner another try since my friend strongly recommended it.笑
Four stars. Not because of the food; the staff was not interested in serving. CRAFT is a "hipster" place. As a person who's originally from Portland, I can say this restaurant would fit in with the Portlandia crowd. That being said, it's probably why the staff act the way they do. If you watch Portlandia, you'll know what I mean.

I ordered the croissant breakfast sandwich. Husband ordered the smoked salmon on pretzel bread. Both were delectable. The croissant was a little greasy, making it incredibly rich. However, the little salad that comes with, refreshed the palate. The little potato chips served on top of the salad add a much needed crunch to the entire dish.

Order their coffee! Freshly brewed per cup. It makes an amazingly rich and strong cup. And it's local. We'll be going back until we've tried everything on their menu.笑
....really nice location...I had the C.K. Special and it was good...I didnt realize till later no one asked if I wanted more coffee...perhaps they serve by the cup but if that is the case they should have a French Press as an option...surprised their baked products were so limited...and as a whole there just seemed something a tad off with how they present themselves and execution....perhaps they were training new employees....I will go back for sure...笑
Real world food.

Story time:  as a grinder, I spend 3 - 4 months a year in Vegas.  Friends from the City call me a local.  Lke a local, I quickly tire of the Strip, the facade, the fakery, the mistreatment of workers at the hands of inebriated "adults" on their first trip to "Disneyland".

Sometimes you gotta get away.  Enter CRAFTkitchen.  A casual SoCal eatery (you know, micro greens, avocados, side salads).  From the second you walk in, the air perfumed with wonderful aromas, fresh brewing coffee, friendly faces.  The food, vibrant and fresh.

From the Early Hours menu, the braised short rib hash.  Tender braised short rib atop thick cut country fried potato topped with a fried egg and micro greens and dripping in its braising jus.  Break the yolk, mix it up.  Yes.  For something lighter, the smoked salmon.  A fresh toasted bagel with a thin smear of cream cheese, deep fried, crispy capers, beefsteak tomato, shaved onions and a mountain of velvety cold smoked salmon topped by micro beet greens.  Meltingly delicious and the perfect balance of flavors and texture.

From the Mid Hours menu, it's all about the croque monsieur panini.  Thin sliced Niman ranch ham, melted gruyere, creamy bechamel in fresh focacia, crisped in a panini press with a side of mesculine.   Nothing fancy, just good eats.

Finally, do not pass on the pastries.  The basic croissant, near perfect.  Flaky layers of thin, layers around a still moist, "stretch when you pull it" core with a gentle salinity and sweet butter finish.  The sticky bun; just get one, or two, or three.

Large portions.  Reasonable prices.  Very friendly, off Strip service.

Thank you Norm K. for the excellent review that sent me here.  A gem and well worth the drive to Hendertucky.笑
Was not impressed with their food.  I have read only great things on yelp so me and my gf ordered breakfast from here.  It is extremely over priced for the amount of food you get.  My gf didn't even get Potatos or a small salad on the side of her plate.  It was literally 13$ for something I could have made at home.  She got the turkey Benedict which was absolutely disgusting.  The citrus sauce was a horrible choice.  She only ate 2 bites and through it away.  I got the short rib and like I said early it's small portions so you spend $15 on a meal and your still hungry after.  Waste of money. Will not give this place another chance because I felt I ordered the two best things on the menu and it wasn't even worth it.笑
Great local restaurant!!! I have had several items on the menu... Love the smashed avocado toast, the smashed potatoes are great but so far my favorite is the turkey sliders (which are packed with flavor) and the sweet potato fries with that amazing aioli! And a secret is they have homemade siracha type hot sauce and it's fantastic! Yummy place and I love the decor!笑
I'm aware that I ate here for brunch at 11:30am when it's pretty busy and granted, it was father's day.  I expected there to be a wait  since it's understandable to be busy on such a day. Even so,  I am surprised at the horrendous service of our waitress.

We waited about  30min to be seated which I thought was pretty good given the family holiday. Our waitress asked us (a table of two) for our drink orders and then did the same for the table who had just been seated next to us. After we got our drinks, she came by once to refill water and after that, she did not come by our table even once.  She came by the table next to us and kept refilling their mimosas and asking if they needed more water or anything else. Still,  she didn't come and ask us if we needed anything. To make matters worse,  our food order was taken before the table next to us and they ended up getting all their food before us. Fast forward an HOUR later and we finally get our food. We were never given silverware in the hour we were sitting there so I asked the server for some silverware and hot sauce which she immediately got for us. After a while, I wanted a coffee refill but our waitress was still helping other tables except ours so my friend flagged down another waiter and asked for the refill. When my coffee refill came,  I immediately asked for the check,  drank my coffe,  paid,  and left. I still left a tip since I understand a waitress job is still hard work,  but for a waitress to help other tables and not ours for the majority of a meal is horrendous. 

I had high hopes for craftkitchen but after this, I will not be dining here ever again.笑
Their menu is fantastic!! I've been here twice and have been impressed both times!  Delicious food and great customer service, this restaurant features natural and organic food choices for gluttonous and healthy diners.笑
Second time I've been, food is excellent but always takes a long time to come out. Before I had the short rib hash, amazing. Today I had the turkey benny which was good but was not hot. Service seemed to be short so can't knock them! The food is great!笑
Short rib hash and monkey bread. Just wow. Go here. 
Service was great, with perfect recommendations.笑
This is an awesome breakfast place in the Anthem/Henderson area! Great good, great service, great location... If you're on this side of town, there is no excuse for you not to eat here.  My wife loves the crustless quiche, which is constantly changes ingredients, so you never get the same thing twice. My personal favorite is the breakfast burrito which is a man sized portion of eggs, chorizo, green chiles, and cheese... Amazing! The prices are reasonable, and the atmosphere is great.  We will also bring our dog and sit out on patio. Can't go wrong!笑
Awesome breakfast! Just came here for the first time with a friend who recommended it. I had an egg white omelet with coffee. Fresh, healthy and light. Exceptional service! Josh took great care of us and loved his positive attitude. I also loved the open windows and clean look to it. Craft kitchen comes Highly recommended!笑
Where do I start? The hosting staff didn't turn over tables quickly during Sunday brunch... With a growing line of hungry patrons and several clean, empty tables, they probably need to beef up their hosting staff. The food is okay, but not amazing, and kind of inconsistent. I couldn't help but notice I got less short rib hash than everyone else nearby who ordered it. The short rib was tender but low on seasoning. The bread pudding we ordered was too eggy, so it tasted like a mix of bread pudding and scrambled eggs. Husband agreed on how weird the texture came off. (Also, even though I ordered it by its specific name in the display case--chocolate croissant bread pudding--our server was confused, said they didn't have it, left, returned saying they were out of chocolate croissants, and then finally agreed it was available by repeating the name back again with an "ohhhh".) Our garlic parmesan fries were one-note, and that one note was rosemary. Don't toss that in, unless you're planning on accurately naming them "rosemary fries," in which case, knock yourself out. There were too many artistic decisions that were "form over function" and/or nonsensical: fries spilling (literally) out of small, round bowls; sandwich on a narrow tray with greens next to it, perhaps to occupy all the empty space? But then the greens were spilling over the sides, and they were not dressed! I hope that was an accident. We were confused by the experience, and probably won't be back.笑
Had the opportunity to try several items here... Buttermilk chicken and waffles are divine! The Korean shrimp tacos are delicious and looooove the kimchi and pickled jalapeño on the tacos. My husband has the short run hash... He said it felt very decadent in calories but worth every single one!!! It was that good. The pecan sticky bun was delicious as well. I live out of the country, but will be back whenever I come to visit family in Henderson.笑
Great service super friendly staff! And the food is awesome everything on the menu is great! Even though it was extremely busy the staff was still very calm and courteous. I got the Lox on a pretzel roll and avocado toast, yum!笑
They say everything happens for a reason--boy was I glad that Kitchen Table had an hour wait, because we opted to go to CRAFTKitchen instead for brunch. It's enjoying it's well deserved new restaurant popularity and it's definitely worth it--and the 25 minute wait to be seated. It's first come first serve and every table was occupied. 

I hadn't ordered yet, but was thoroughly impressed by the vibe and decor--you would never imagine a place like this in a Strip Mall in Henderson, but it's just what the area needs because Lord knows I am not a fan of driving 30 mins to Summerlin or the like for these kinds of culinary experiences. The interior space was modern, industrial Americana  and offered a private dining space embellished with vertical gardens. There are also adorable pod like booths made of wood that offer an outside view. Tables are constructed of wood with succulent plants as centerpieces--very West Elm. 

I was tempted to knock my 5-star rating down to 4.5 due to the service--but they just couldn't help it--they were slammed with a revolving door of non-stop guests for Sunday brunch. It did take a while for our server to take our order, but once placed, our food was out in a reasonable amount of time. 

My guest and I decided to share a couple of items including the Chicken and What? (chicken and waffles), Red Velvet Pancakes and Truffle Fries--I know, what a mix right? As a Soul Food snob, from the South, the Chicken and Waffles were delicious and full of flavor. I only wish the portion was bigger as the waffles and pieces of chicken were small. Though we shared, we should have ordered two. Up next were the Red Velvet Pancakes--phenomenal as were the Truffle fries. 

Just when we thought we were full, we had a little food envy of the table next to us as they had two orders of Monkey Bread--one for the table and one to go. No shame in our game we ordered a batch of the bread too--unreal! Warm, buttery and flavored with plenty of cinnamon and sugar. Tip: the best part is at the bottom of the pan. And another one: CRAFTKitchen just might one of the best new eateries on this side of town. Take that Summerlin.笑
Good coffee, good service, small portions, a bit pricey. Food quality appears decent. Been here a few times. Needs to keep on par with other breakfast shops in the area. The area is competitive.Has potential if they work out the bugs.笑
To get 5 stars from me is hard. For 5 stars you need to meet: great atmosphere, great staff, great music, great food, cleanliness, and the place must "flow." 

I'm in between a 3.5-4 stars. 

When we first walked in, there was no one at what looked like a hostess table. It was unclear what to do, so I took it upon myself to write my name on the wait list. 

There is no technical waiting area. There is a bar of sorts facing outside, which is where everyone waiting sat. But this took up seats where anyone who came in and wanted to sit here, wouldn't be able to. 

It is a super cute place, very homey, and very inviting, but there wasn't any music and the tables were pretty close to each other, so any conversations you have will not be private. 

The food portions are smaller than most places, so if you're a big eater, eat before coming or order two plates. The prices are higher, but matches the quality of the food. 

One dislike, however, was that the special of the day was shrimp and grits. Being that I'm a huge lover of grits, I asked if I could order a side of the grits. I was quickly told "no" by our waitress. This was a turnoff. I would have preferred being told, "I'm not sure, let me ask," instead of an immediate "no." I'm actually surprised she didn't bring me a small sample.

I ordered the chicken and waffles. The chicken was moist and crispy. The waffle was good, but on the smaller size. The shaved jalapeños were a nice twist. I also ordered a side bacon and the bacon was bomb! Side note: if you like your bacon crispy, be sure to ask for it that way - it comes out soft.笑
The food and service are always fantastic.

It's a hidden gem that's a little hard to find tucked next to a Pts behind Osaka 

The staff are always upbeat and friendly, and everything on the menu is amazing i am yet to have anything less than a perfect dining experience.笑
Great menu and great food! Had 3 different items on menu, avocado toast, vegetable omelet, and protein fix. All were wonderful! Can't wait to eat here again and try something else!笑
I stumbled on to this place after leaving my hair salon. The customer service is impeccable! Food was really good! I felt the portions were great too. I couldn't even finish the rest of my farmers stack.笑
I was so excited for Craft to open!  Atmosphere is amazing, relaxing and inviting.  My Citrus lobster was delicious! My friend had Turkey sliders and we shared garlic fries which were perfectly seasoned and crispy.  We also split a hot cinnamon roll that was perfection.  Our server was great and sweetly kept re-filling my ice tea as I obnoxiously couldn't get enough. Will definitely be back.笑
First off, for people who don't worry/care about eating organic food I am sure you will be happy with the offerings here. I have been really looking forward to this place opening for quite some time now as I was under the impression that they would be serving the majority ORGANIC foods/ingredients.   I didn't really know how to grade this place based on a single visit but for people like myself that were hoping for something else, I thought this may help.  For the visit that I had today I will give a detailed review and overall impression.  First off, I used to come here when it was "Bread and Butter" and the entire look inside and out has been changed.  This place has a great "feel" and atmosphere now and I think they did a great job with that.  Service was spot on from the minute I walked in the front door where I was greeted with a friendly hello and smile.  The only negative I have to say about my encounter with several employees was that they couldn't answer questions re: organic options.  I understand that being the second day open, this isn't to be held against them as they are still learning their new jobs.  I did get different answers depending on who I spoke with but the comments to follow were based on an individual who went and spoke to the person who orders the food from the different distributors.  Upon looking at the menu and speaking with the employees, it was determined that the only thing that was ORGANIC as a whole was the coffee they serve.  This was a huge disappointment for me as we don't have a single restaurant up in the area any longer that caters to ORGANIC food now that Layers closed down a few months ago.  I ordered a salad that was tasty but very small with a few greens/apple strips/ and a small amount of quinoa.  This came with a couple of pieces of bread.  Overall, I felt the food was good but not very filling without any meat in the salad.  I walked out spending 17.00 (w/ 3.00 tip) for lunch and didn't even get anything to drink!  I feel that if you are going to charge prices like this, you should be serving organic food.  I will not be back unless it is for a cup of ORGANIC coffee or until I hear that they have decided to serve the quality of food that is in line with the prices that are being charged笑
Walked into a warm and inviting space. Really enjoyed the outside fence full of fresh herbs. Had a salad with burratta cheese, greens, and pomegranate, with a grilled fresh baked piece of bread. Have to say this was the best salad Ive had. Everything seemed very pricey, but I split salad with a friend. Split was done in kitchen, and portions were more than enough for both of us. Ate with several other ladies who are usually critical but there were no complaints from any of the 8 ladies.
Everything was plated so beautifully. Can't wait to return for more. Just wish it was more affordable so I could return more often.笑
After reading the reviews I was very enthusiastic about trying this place, love that it is locally owned, and near the Anthem area. 

Walked in on a Sunday around noon for brunch. Not many tables, and very crowded. When you walk in it is very awkward, not clear where to ask for a table. After putting our name in we awkwardly stood next to the entrance as there wasn't a clear area to wait. Because the place is awkwardly laid out you feel like youre in the way. Servers walking through the 'waiting area' or lack there of. The wait was at least 30 minutes, which the hostess failed to mention when we put our name in, so we spent 30 minutes standing in the middle of chaos. 

The food was good, but very overpriced for what it was. The portions were small, and the food although good, you can get the same quality for much less elsewhere. 2 adults and a child $75 bill.  Wouldn't mind paying the price if the service was better, and the waiting area/seating were not so awkward.

The service was very very slow. Especially waiting for the bill. Nearly 20min wait for the check, had to find someone to request it, and still took 10min to get it after that. You can't demand the high price and offer low quality service, it doesn't make sense.

For the price I would expect a stress free, well serviced dining experience, and Craft unfortunately did not deliver.

The decor was done very well, hope Craft Kitchen can work through some of the deficiencies, and continue to be successful. As for me I probably won't be going back.笑
A bit of a disappointment. 

Heard many great things and have been excited to try it out. Beautiful interior. Very warm and welcoming.  Not very busy on a Thursday morning but still waited a good 5 mins before someone took my drink order. 

Coffee was terrible. Very bitter taste. I asked for Splenda and don't have. I get the whole "healthy eating" angle, but let me enjoy my Splenda. 

Ordered the pork carnitas omelet. Very bland. Pork tasted watered down. Green sauce just had no flavor. I felt like I needed to pour some hot sauce on it, but after being denied Splenda, I was afraid to ask. 

I may try again, but my first go here was underwhelming.笑
A friend of mine recommended this place as she knows the owners. I haven't had time to check it out yet, but I wanted to grab my parents a gift card. While here this morning, I decided to get a few baked treats. Oh my goodness... The kouign amann is amazing. I had never heard of this delectable treat before! The lightness of a croissant inside with a crisp outside. So good! Perfect amount of sweetness. I got a few other sweets as well, but haven't tried them yet. Service was friendly and quick for my small bakery order. Will be coming back soon with my friend for an actual sit-down meal! But I'm still getting the kouign amann!笑
This review is for the catering. I was hosting  a small gathering at my home. I wanted simple yet delicious food. Eating CraftKitchen food never disappoints so I had them cater. Wow the sandwiches were sooooooo good and the salads they made were raved about for days. Everything was fresh and ready on time. I will absolutely use them again for parties big or small.笑
Great little breakfast/brunch spot. Very cute decor and always great service. 

Firstly their coffee is amazing. They have a single brewing system that pours a smooth frothy looking cup. 

We've been here 3 times and haven't been dissatisfied. My husband had the chicken and waffles and I the croissant Sammy. Both very good. We did the bottomless mimosas the next time and both had delicious breakfasts. The 3rd time I was talked into getting the special they had of a roast beef sandwich which he described as a moundful. I have to say I was a little disappointed this time. Wasn't that much meat at all actually and it was just ok. But we will still come back.笑
This place opens to the public on 10.28.2015.  I was fortunate enough to sample many of their offerings before their grand opening.  The service staff was in training, but from what I encountered they should be up to the task with friendly smiles.  My favorite was the short rib hash.  Meat was so tender and flavorful I just wanted MORE of it.  Not your typical "hash"  Beef was laid over crispy small potatoes..highly recommend this dish.  Citrus & Crab salad was very refreshing and you can tell it was freshly made.  Need a fork and knife to eat.  Chorizo shepherd's pie..need I saw more?  Just the right amount of kick without overwhelming your taste buds.  Pulled Turkey Benny didn't sound that great to me, but someone else at my table ordered so I got to a chance to try it.  Wow what a pleasant surprise.  Fresh and actually did not feel like a heavy dish.  The sauce that came with it was excellent.  Chicken and What?  Have to admit I am not a white meat person and this was boneless white meat.  My 8 yr old son liked it, but I would have preferred a drumstick.  Just a warning so you are clear of what you will be getting.  Beef sliders where very good.  Grass fed beef done perfectly.  Would have liked some sauce options that woudl have made them perfect.  The pastries and desserts is where Craft Kitchen truly shines.  Had a sampling of both and every item was perfection.  Several where gluten free and I could not tell.  This place is committed to good food and healthy choices and includes a lot of gluten free options.  Can't wait to go back and try all their other offerings.  The owners, Tami and Jaret Blinn will be creating more items and I am very excited to return and experience more of their craftiness in the kitchen!笑
I came in here before I had my nail appointment since I was starving  

I sat outside on there patio very nice breeze that morning 

My server was very nice and friendly.... I ordered a mimosa  

I got a side of eggs with cheese very yum I mean can you mess up eggs lol 

And I got the red velvet pancakes I smelled them soon as they were brought outside supper YUMMY !!!! 

This place isn't expensive I saw a lot of family's coming in so it's nice it's family friendly I will sure visit again before my next eye lash appointment to try something else :)笑
This review is based solely on the wait.  I never actually ate today.  I walked in and asked the hostess for a table for one.  I saw that there were 3 open tables inside (2-4 tops and a 6 top). I totally understand not wanting to sit me at a bigger table, however, after 10 minutes, another 4 top opened outside.  The girl then came over and told me it would be 'another 5-10 minutes". 
I believe, if there's nobody else there, after a few minutes, sit the single in the 4 top.  Don't upset the guy waiting by making him wait an additional 10 minutes in the hopes that more people would come in and take the bigger tables.  I grabbed a coffee to go (coffee is outstanding). 

This is my opinion, but I appreciate the feedback.笑
First time to try this place after finding it on yelp and we were not disappointed. 

Food - both my sister and I thought our choices were delicious. I had the chicken and what (waffles, spiced with jalapeno) and she had the chorizo scramble. We also had bread pudding for dessert with vanilla ice cream and it was perfect to finish off our meal. 

Decor - it is a very cute place with farm house/rustic style tables. I love the succulents. 

I can't wait to go back and also try the different types of dessert that they had on display.笑
Delicious smoked salmon tastes very light and fresh. I asked the chef Jared/Troi if it was possible to have a bread that was crispier he put it on some ciabatta for me instead of the pretzel roll. AWESOME!!!!笑
Love, love, love this place!!!! The food is so creative and tastes amazing!!! Service is decent. They get busy during lunch hour and so can get a little hectic. Totally worth the trip to enjoy this place!!笑
Been here a few times and the food was good. Tried the avocado toast,  chicken and What?, Korean tacos and salmon benny.  All were good and the presentation was nice. It's definitely a trendy little spot .  The service is okay which is why I gave it a 4.  The waitress at our last visit kept forgetting our requests and we had to bother a different server. But overall it's a cool place to go for brunch.笑
I was a little worried when my grits came out with greenery in them but boy, was I pleasantly surprised! I got the CK Special with a side of Cheesy Grits. Everything was DELICIOUS. I went alone so I sat at a little table near the center of the restaurant - Awesome atmosphere and amazing wait staff. My only complaint would be the comfort of the chairs. I'm a little hippy and the chair rails dug into my hips. Next time, I'll request a booth. Lol.笑
I'll give it 1 star because the menu looked decent. We walked in and was told the wait would be 25-30 minutes. We were okay with that until we realized there were 4 parties ahead of us with 5 tables open the whole time we were waiting. Everyone who came in after us were being told the same thing. I think this place like to make people hungry by making them wait longer than they have to so they'll rate the food better. BTW, we left after about 15 minutes and no one got seated.笑
Recently found I was intolerant to dairy and gluten so I have been searching around town for restaurants that accommodate special dietary needs, and CRAFTkitchen just became my favorite one. 
There's quite a selection of vegetarian and gluten free options which made it easy to decide. I ordered the protein fix and it was so delicious! 
Teresa was our waitress, she was very nice and we can't wait to come back!笑
Braised short rib hash is outstanding as was the Protein fix.  Never had Homemade turkey sausage-a must order item.笑
CRAFTkitchen is like most things in the Vegas Valley, good facade, but not substance.  The decor, menu options and staff were appealing from the outside looking in, but then you order your food...

First and foremost, the food.  My wife got the Chorizo Scramble.  The potatoes in the dish were not just over seasoned, they were literally brined in salt.  The eggs themselves were over seasoned, but not inedible like the rest of the plate.

I ordered the Quiche of the day.  The flavor and ingredient profile was fine, except for over-seasoning again.  One dish could be excused as an anomaly, but 2 independent dishes, scream quality control issues from the kitchen. 

Conversely my mother's side potatoes had no seasoning...

Other notable gripes:
1) We waited 15 minutes while there were several open tables.  More tables were bused and/or open than there were parties waiting.

2) Refills on drinks were upon customer request with drinks sitting empty for 5-10 minutes.

3) Waitress was excellent at being nice, but not providing good service.  Empty drinks most of the meal, only asked how the meal was 1 minute after arrival and was in robot mode asking if we wanted desert a 2nd time after being told no 1 minute before.  She was good at going through the motions and nice enough I guess.笑
Best pastries in Henderson!! Make sure to indicate which items you want from the case as you walk in because they might be gone when you leave! The food is fantastic and they will adjust it by request. Not eating bread or potatoes? They will saute spinach and mushrooms to put under you salmon benedict, which is so delicious! Love the cobb salad, french dip, and red velvet pancakes. They also make cakes and deserts to order for events, and they are absolutely amazing. We ordered a tirimisu cake for a birthday party and it was to die for.笑
Tried this place on a Sunday so we had to try the bottomless mimosas of course. We had the traditional, blood orange, and pomegranate in which all were delicious but my fav was blood orange! We also had the scallop ceviche which was on the specials menu and was fresh light and fresh just enough citrus and maybe was a pickled taro perhaps and thin tortilla strips for crunch...mm mm! I had the smoked salmon on pretzel bun and my brother had the braised short rib on hash. Smoked salmon was a nice portion was good and very nice twist on traditional bagel and lox. My bros short rib was cooked nice but was a little timid on seasoning and lacked the boldness I'm used to with a braided short rib. All in all this place was great and will be back soon cuz all I thought about when I got home was why didn't I order the red velvet pancakes!笑
Great breakfast place! Good ambience and food was delicious. Very flavorful but light. We had chicken and waffles and turkey benny. Chicken was very moist and waffle was soft and airy inside with a crispy crust outside. Hollandaise sauce was light and citrusy. I loved smashed potatoes!笑
Great place to grab a delicious breakfast! Loved the food and gluten free options, the servers were very nice but kept forgetting items we had asked for (or I would have given them 5 stars). I enjoyed the industrial chic decor and pastry displays. They even have a few gluten free pastry options! I will be back to try them all!笑
Had a holiday party here for lunch - I love that they have a big enclosed room with 1 large table - perfect for a little privacy (we were kinda loud!) and for groups.

Short Rib Hash - meat so tender, melt in your mouth. Smashed potatoes perfectly crisp on outside, but still fluffy inside. Massive portion for lunch.

Truffle Fries - Okay, these were the stars of the meal. I've had my share of truffle fries, always disappointed because the fries would be too oily (restaurant would drizzle with truffle oil), too salty or the restaurant would smother the truffle fries with Parmesan - which is fine, except sometimes I really want to taste the truffle....not parm. CRAFTkitchen's truffle fries are a must-try. Golden brown crisp without a hint of greasiness. Truffle flavor without being overpowering. Perfectly salted. The crispy bits at the bottom of the bowl were the best. Small portion though -- if someone asks you to share, tell 'em to get their own. 

My friend had a caprese salad with more salad. She turned around to talk with another friend and I stole the rest of her salad. The greens were perfectly dressed with a homemade vinaigrette. I love when chefs dress salads lightly, so you can actually taste the baby lettuces.

Mimosas - I had 5 of them. Okay, maybe 7. But we stayed there for 3 hours.

Cookies - Even though the chef is a pastry chef, I don't recommend their cookies. I bought 6 cookies to take home - 2 gingerbread (the cookies were so hard that when you bit in, I thought the gingerbreadman was knocking my teeth out), 2 chocolate chip & 2 chocolate chocolate chip. These were rock hard as well. They tasted like last week's cookies and sounded like you were crunching on concrete. One bite of each and the rest went uneaten by my kids and husband. If those sugarholics didn't like the cookies, then they were pretty bad. 

So, 5 stars to this restaurant for the food (and mimosas) and I'm going to forget the cookies ever happened.笑
Delicious! Short rib hash 2 poached eggs! Yes our server was right you need 2! Yummmmm perfect start to my birthday! Awesome service! We will be back!笑
Really great brunch place, less exciting lunch.  Haven't enjoyed the desserts yet, but salmon eggs benny is on point.  My husband always orders the chorizo skillet, it's insanely good and high quality. The smashed potatoes, oh my god...  Highly recommend for breakfast/brunch. Service is always an A!笑
This place was our favorite find in Vegas. They have a nice ambiance and the food was amazing! They use organic and non- gmo when they can. We just loved it here.笑
Everything was good, but not great. At our table we had the Sticky Bun, Short Rib Hash, CK House Burger and the kids Turkey Slider meal. 

Sticky Bun - plain, but sweet. Maybe I was expecting the wrong thing. But it was like eating sweetened bread. 

Short Rib Hash - the potatoes were really good, the short rib tasted just like beef roast. Comfort food. 

CK House Burger - It was cooked well, really juicy. It was missing something though. My pickle wasn't very tangy and I wish I had some fresh onions or something. 

Kids Meal- turkey slider was just bread and meat. Nothing at all on it and the meat wasn't very moist. 

Overall, the presentation is what grabs you and draws you in! But this isn't a restaurant that would make me say, hey let's go back and try more food!笑
OMG! What an AMAZING place. Menu and service are great! Came to CRAFTkitchen during our visit from CA.  It's now a "Def must go to" every time we're in town! Thank you Jeffery for a delish brunch & great experience!笑
OOF! Updated review here, but this time my review is based on customer service. Came in here yesterday with two others, and after we were seated my one friend and I ordered one single mimosa. They do offer bottomless mimosas, but we just ordered one. After we drank about 3/4s, our waitress came by and refilled our drinks. Our initial reaction was oh, cool more mimosa! But then we realized maybe she thought we ordered unlimited, which we didn't. So we decided not to drink them. Totally fine. Here comes the problem... I approached the waitress about our incorrect bill, and her response was, "well you didn't say anything when I filled them up." Umm excuse you! The waitress' mistake now became our mistake. No thanks. My response was, "what was I supposed to do flag you down while you're running around?" Queen of sass, I know. But this interaction was rude and completely inappropriate. This waitress clearly needs to work on her customer service skills. If we come back, I'd be sure not to dine with her!笑
I ordered the salmon bagel here. It was delicious but the salmon was kind of too fishy for me and they put too much on it. Their drinks were great. It's nice spot to grab brunch and you can sit outside.笑
Great service from everyone especially Elle!!  Made sure our mimosas were never empty.  Food was amazing.  Loved the short rib hash and monkey bread.  Cute place with good atmosphere and we were able to sit outside on a beautiful day...笑
First time I was impressed...today, second time,  I'm a forever fan. Jaret truly knows the essence of who he is and the impact he wants to make with his patrons. He is a master of his craft and picks his staff as carefully as he picks the organic fare he nourishes us with. Being a designer, you are transported to a fresh look that embraces our desert with cacti on the walls and sayings that speak of family and food. Today we were lucky enough to have Katie wait on us and Devin with the good hair, entertain us...great place-great people-great food. Can't wait for next time!!笑
This place is wonderful.  My brother lives in the area and could not stop talking about CRAFT.  While we were visiting, we went... TWICE.  

Friendly service, great food.  Not too much loaded down on your plate.  The pastries are amazing.  When we go back, we will definatly come back.笑
Stopped by for a late breakfast/early lunch.  Delicious Salmon Benedict and fresh coffee.   Would have been perfect if the waitress had EVER checked in with me after depositing my food.   Had to ask someone else for a coffee refill and that still didn't spur her to come by.笑
Craft Kitchen in one word - Stellar! I knew I was giving this restaurant 5 stars the second the monkey bread hit our table. We were looking for a family brunch on this day and every place we went had over an hour wait. Somehow we ended up at Craft Kitchen who was no different. We saw a few familiar faces and decided to wait it out. There was a great vibe outside the restaurant so the 45 min wait didn't seem like much. 

Our server was so nice and accommodating. She went out of her way to secure the last monkey bread for us and she was very patient with my mother in law's gluten free questions. I wish I remembered her name to give her a shoutout. 

The food was amazing. A bit under seasoned, but still amazing. We ordered the chicken and waffles, the protein plate, the short rib hash and of course the monkey bread. Everyone on our table enjoyed their choices and there were absolutely no complaints. Even my kids ate everything they ordered. 

The great food, the wonderful staff and fresh ambience won this restaurant 5 stars. Can't wait to visit again.笑
Great place for locals!!! Inside outside seating with modern decor, and a wide array of healthy, non gmo, grass fed, products! Service was amazing as well with Maritza! We will for sure be back!笑
First time and my last time.
I was Very disappointed with my breakfast experience.
First of all I have never sat in more uncomfortable seating, chairs are made for children not adults, benches take riding the pine to a whole new level.
My breakfast was served on a side plate sized plate, and the forks are for children's hands.
There are no choices for toast, I was served two very small dried out hard tac crumbling pieces of something that even starving birds would ignore.
There are no choices for jam, I was brought strawberry jam, that's it for your choices.
They served my bacon and eggs with sprouts, are you kidding? Sprouts!
The eggs, smashed potatoes, and bacon were cooked perfectly.
I also thought the service was excellent.
My breakfast was over priced by 20% by Henderson standards.
This restaurant was recommended to me by a friend who said their brunch was to die for, maybe so but my experience during a weekday morning visit was simply terrible.
My advice, don't screw around trying to be trendy.笑
Great new place up towards Anthem.  Weekends get busy but it's a great atmosphere and the staff is always friendly.  Too many delicious things to tempt you behind the bakery glass so beware.   The breakfast croissant is super good as well as the avocado bread.笑
They're improving! Brûlée Oatmeal is outstanding and the sticky buns warmed are decadent but musts.笑
I had the short rib hash with a perfect poached egg and potatoes. Potatoes crisp and delish, but short rib lacked flavor. Hubby had the chorizo scrabble skillet. We had the warm monkey bread... Yummers!! Our waiter was very nice & friendly.笑
Carnitas omelette and croissant Sammy were delicious. Great food and a short wait on a Saturday morning.笑
This is my third time here. I got the smoked salmon and the quiche of the day. 

The quiche of the day was wonderful with the asparagus and bacon that they today. The quiche itself was light and fluffy that bounces off the tongue and the roof of the mouth. The asparagus went pleasantly well with the bacon for an addition of a slightly salty taste with the small crunch of the asparagus. All in all a wonderful and light quiche with a flavorful combination of texture and flavors.

The salad sauce was on the sour side as a vinegrette that may have been good with something else but did not go with the quiche. Otherwise the small potato crisps are always a welcome addition to the salad. Perhaps a less flavorful salad dressing would have been a better pairing.

Other than that the smoked salmon was on a wonderfully browned and soft bread with a very large helping of smoked salmon. While I do enjoy getting my bang for buck the large amount of smoked salmon made it hard to eat as the height of the food exceeds that of the mouth, and even if you press down on the meal your hands would be oily. Beyond that the copious amounts of salmon mask all the other flavors sans the white sauce they decided to use which was also a large amount. Otherwise it was quite succulent. Between the choice of bang for buck and a few overpowering aspects of the meal, this place is a solid choice to go.笑
Talk about another great little gem in Henderson. CRAFTkitchen visited twice and both times had been spot on awesome. My first visit came with others yelpers first week they opened so got to see few things on the menu. I was torn between the turkey slider and the loaded roast beef. Once I saw pretzel bun was sold!! Talk about sandwich that delivered!!!! I have always preached that any sandwich for me always starts with the bread first and foremost. The fact they were serving it on pretzel bread that hardly see on any menu. Nice. The bread really was amazing. I could devour the bread by itself with some mustard. You add the nice portion of thin sliced roasted beef, horseradish cream (best part never overpowered the dish), and some tomato. It truly was the best roast beef sandwich ever had in life. Every component was the perfect fit, balance, and sandwich lovers dream. The salad that came with it was again perfect compliment nice refreshing with nice light vinaigrette and the crispy (no idea) added nice crunch texture round out the salad. I also ordered chocolate croissant. All the pastries made fresh daily in house. Not only do they look amazing, LOVE love the display case they have all fresh made pastries, and mix it up daily. It dam tasty. Other yelpers kind enough got try the truffle fries. It was ok. Truffle fries more like fad. I would not hesitate order them put it that way. Really all the dishes between four of us all looked good. 

Second visit meet friend for recovery meal. I decided go for the Crustless Quiche of the day. I believe it was turkey and ham, What I do know is not big on Quiche but CRAFTkicthen got me hooked line and sinker. Times that Quiche all taste is scrambled eggs. Quiche here breaks all your stigmas, It has a nice creamy egg flavor and not just beaten eggs, The filling you get nice amount. Each bite perfect balance not just all eggs eating. The whole crustless makes for beautiful presentation and feels more filling. It comes with house salad that can never get enough of in life.

The decor HUGE fan. I like fact lot of wood from the tables, the front of the restaurant with patio area and potted fresh herbs on different levels.The open space feeling, they even have a sweet private dining room that have writing on the walls, and the display for the pastries are awesome. It very inviting feeling when you walk in. 

The service was spot on five stars both times. Second visit I loved seeing the owner walking about checking up on customers and big smile positive vibes. The only bummer is wished they were open for dinner. I do like the fact that they serve both breakfast and lunch menu all day. So no matter time of the day can get your fix in. No doubt if am in the area plan on coming back and trying more more of the menu.笑
Great food not to impress with service, waited to long for food. Waiter need to be more patience with new clients.笑
I had a very reasonable visit to CRAFTkitchen for the first time. For my group of four, it took roughly thirty minutes to get seated for Sunday Brunch. I ordered the Chicken and What? which was chicken and waffles with a jalapeno maple syrup. Personally, I was expecting a bit more in relation to the serving size to price ratio but I was still very excited to eat. In the end, while none of the food particular jumped off the page for me, it was still very satisfying for the mid-price point that we paid. 

I will say however that I did appreciate that they had very considerate menu options for GF, Vegetarian, Vegan, etc. I also really like the idea that they update their seasonal menu items frequently, so I hope to be back soon to try another food adventure.笑
With a busy Sunday brunch crowd at 1pm the service was exceptional. Not only were we seated earlier than the 20 min wait the wait staff are on top of it. We tried the 
-Avacado on toast - (grilled ciabatta, sunflower seed pesto, micro greens, poached eggs) *this was tasty and light 
-roasted  peach salad (burrata cheese, tossed greens, sliced toasted almonds, balsamic reduction and stone fruit vinaigrette) *very fresh and flavorful 
- choc chip, butterscotch pancakes with chocolate sauce ( to die for goodness)
-short rib hash (he said it was great)
-choc chip cookies (better than mom's) 
-pull apart cinnamon roll (I'm obsessed and ate it all by myself)
Many gluten free items for those needs. I can say it's hard to find amazing and natural places to eat for breakfast but we found it. All the food was so great we are going again next week!笑
Amazing food! Me and my little man enjoyed a lunch date of GF kids cheeseburger sliders and short rib hash. So good!笑
Let me just start by saying, the food we ordered was absolutely amazing. I came in for brunch on Valentine's Day and the wait for a table was 30min. This was expected, there were empty tables outside that has not yet been cleaned up.  Thirty five minutes later these tables stayed this way until I asked if we could just sit outside at one of these tables that were waiting to be bussed. Our server was last seen right after she took our order. A runner delivered our food hastily. We ordered the truffle fries and parm fries. They were great. I ordered the shredded turkey Benny and the citrus Hollandaise sauce had perfect texture and flavor. The eggs were poached perfectly. My boyfriend ordered the chicken and waffles and the syrup had the right amount of spice. I would definitely go again but maybe not sit outside. I feel like we were forgotten.笑
This place is a lot cuter in real life! As soon as you come up - you see some pallets turned into planters which gives the place a bright entrance. As soon as you walk in, you'll see the counter along with  a display of their desserts. There are a few booth seats along the window, along with a separate room that you can see into through glass. They also have these cute little square salt & pepper shakers along with a mini plant on each table.

My friend and I got the Smoked Salmon, Red Velvet Pancakes, and the Sweet Potato Fries.
Everything came out pretty quickly and looked amazing! All the dishes were very colorful.
The prices can be a bit high for the portions, but that's just my opinion. 

Smoked salmon: comes with two little pretzel buns, some sort of sauce, a decent amount of salmon, some micro-greens and some little green things that I had no idea what they were. Something in there was really salty so it wasn't as enjoyable. I believe it was those little green things that made it pretty salty.

Red velvet cakes: comes with 4 little red velvet cakes, cream cheese icing, white chocolate (?) shavings, and some raspberries & blueberries (like 4 of each...). These tasted exactly how they should but they were a bit dry, so I wasn't able to finish all of them sadly.

Sweet potato fries: skinny sweet potato fries and a side of crack sauce (maple bacon aioli). Tasted how you would expect them to! Some of the skinnier fries were a bit burnt though.

The servers were really nice and pleasant. I can't remember their names because there were about 3 who helped us out. They always checked up on us and tried to have little conversations with you. I would consider this place a hidden gem! This place is a bit of a drive but I would consider coming back.笑
So glad to see a place like this open!  Farm to table  ingredients, the perfect brew of organic coffee and a great menu variety!  Had the quiche of the day that was one of the best I've ever had!  The ideal amount of fresh ingredients and full of flavor. 

This is one place to put on your list to go every week for breakfast and lunch. The breads and pastries are done in house and done absolutely right!  You can't ask for more!笑
I thoroughly enjoyed my experience here at CRAFT. I spent the morning with two of my friends here one Saturday, and I ordered the smashed avocado toast while my friends ordered the croque monsieur, the pumpkin brulee, and the ciabatta caprese. 

We mostly enjoyed the atmosphere of the restaurant. It was unlike any other restaurant we had ever been to. I loved the rustic and fresh look of the wood and the succulant plants. It brought a well first impression of what else was to come.

The food was spectacular. I overall enjoyed the presentation of my avocado toast, and judging by my friends' expressions, they loved theirs as well. As for taste, it was as good as the presentation. The sunflower seed pesto really paired well with the creamy avocado spread, and the bread was perfectly toasted. It was also filling, so the price was worth it.

I would definitely come back here again to try something on the sweeter side. The pastries featured in the display looked amazing. It's nice to know that the owner appreciates fresh ingredients. I'm very impressed overall.笑
Just stopped by for a coffee the other day.  DELICIOUS!  The place is gorgeous inside.  Will be going back for the food!笑
Took a group of friends here and had a blast.  Best service ever and we were sitting outside of cafe.  The staff was all amazing and funny.  The food was delicious.  I had the red velvet shortstacks and the Pork Carnitas omelette with a side of apple wood bacon. The boys had a ball with the $16 bottomless mimosas. That was well worth it. Most memorable thing about the experience at Craft Kitchen was definitely the staff.  Thanks guys!  Totally made a great impression on us.笑
So good. Great service. Short rib was superb. Such a cute environment. Will be back forsure.笑
There are so many hipster places opening up left and right.   Looks pretty but not so tasty.   Not this place.   Everything is so tasty!!  Like give me 2 of them tasty.   Only downfall.   Small portions.  I really need 2 portions to feel satisfied . Hence the 4 stars.  But the food is still really good! So I'll be back笑
This was a wonderful new place...Got quiche to go....was soooo good.Other items looked very good...will return.....Only wish is they need to get some cushions for the HARD chairs......笑
I absolutely love it when food tastes as good as it looks and Craftkitchen nailed it! I'm still dreaming about that short rib hash but the other dishes were really great too. The staff that I met there were all really wonderful and seemed like really great people that have such a love and passion for food. 

Beautiful delicious food and amazing people behind the food are just the perfect combination for me and really speak to my heart. 

Kudos, Craftkitchen! I really can't wait to come back!笑
Great atmosphere and delicious food. It's a little overpriced in my opinion though! It's perfect if you want a trendy place to have yummy food and good Instagram pictures, but be prepared to spend at least $15-$20 a person. They do have lots of gluten free and vegetarian options!笑
Ok... This is my 3rd time eating here and I wanted to do that before I rate this new joint considering it just opened 5 days ago. The Food quality here is superb! You can easily taste the quality of the ingredient, it's not drenched with seasoning like many other places to mask the quality of their ingredient. They also bake their own pastry. :) There are so many food  joint along the Eastern Corridor and let's be honest, this is where quality suffers. If you want to just pig out cheap and stuff yourself with volume of food, don't come here. If you are looking for Quality, satisfying meal in a Relaxing Ambiance... This Joint is for you! And oh, did I mention the parking was sooo Easy!!! Considering its on Eastern Avenue. :) You know what I mean. 
We will be back for sure.笑
What a great little gem in Henderson. Love the atmosphere and the unique menu...Love this place.笑
Bad staffing! Wanted to have breakfast today, 12 people waiting, said it was a 20 minute wait for 2 and there were 5 cleaned tables for 4 and one booth area for 4 and one for 2 open. I asked if he was sure it is 20 min as there were SO many tables clean and ready to go not to mention a fully open outdoor seating area.  It's Sunday am!! If you don't want to be fully open, you will eventually go out of business like everyone else who starts slacking.笑
WOW! WOW!! WOW!!!
    This is the best thing to happen in Henderson since we've moved here!!! Atleast until the new Costco get built~
    Located on a strip mall near the corner of Eastern & Sunridge Heights behind Osaka this is the place for breakkie & lunch. Open daily 7am -3pm all menu items available anytime!!!
   We had breakfast, my selection toasted ciabatta slices with smashed avocado seasoned with salt/pepper and a little olive oil, a scrambled egg and finally topped with toasted pumpkin seeds, Atleast I think they were pumpkin seeds.....just FAB!!!! They do offer more traditional items with a little twist.
    Coffee is not served from a pot or carafe either.....each cup individually brewed so an excellent cup of Joe  from a roaster in Boulder. Gr8 that the chef/owner Jerrod the former pastry & food service Mgr from Red Rock Casino is using local sources.
     Jerrod told us they will be open a couple hours on Thanksgiving for pie & bread order pick ups. Also selling slider buns and the pastries are beautiful to look at and the glazed cinnamon roll I indulged in was infrekkin credable!
   Head on into CRAFTkitchen ez parking, pleasant & welcoming staff and truly great food笑
It was ok but not worth the price.  We went for Sunday brunch, it was packed and there was a 30 minute wait.  We decided to get coffee and that ate up 20 minutes of the wait.  I had the breakfast croissant, which was ok but tiny and it came with a salad.  My friend had the waffles and they were ok but again, tiny.   For $45.00 it was not worth the price.  Great ambiance and the bakery items looked tasty.笑
This place has it all; great service, food, and ambiance. I'm a bit of a snob when it comes to dining out, but this place checks all the boxes down to the coffee. A friend and I split the turkey benny, chicken and waffles, with a side of truffle fries. They split the plates for us and we didn't have to ask! We even sat a while after eating, chatting and the server filed our water, checking on us even after the bill was paid. That's top notch service if you ask me. The rustic decor with abundant green (yet fake) plants was visually appealing. I would certainly recommend this others and will be back to try the lunch/ dinner or "mid hour" menu, as they called it.笑
This is hands down, my favorite breakfast place anywhere.  Ive been here many times and everything that Ive ordered are excellent.  If you are looking for huge quantities, this is not the place for you.  I prefer quality over quantity any day of the week.  Their food presentation actually rivals any dinner spot on the strip.  You won't find a better cup of coffee from a Breakfast/Lunch spot anywhere.  These are the items that I have tried:

Avocado smash toast-  Excellent, egg poached to perfection
Turkey Benny-  made with real turkey and homemade hollandaise sauce, very good
Chicken and Waffles -   Chicken tender and fried to perfection
Carnitas Omelette - I ordered with egg whites, pork was very good and had a nice kick
Monkey bread -  comes out warm.  it was  good and addicting

Will continue to go back whenever i am in town......笑
What a beautiful experience!

When you first walk in, it feels like a modern country chic kitchen. It's bright and white with natural colors and tones. It's quaint and pretty! The plates are even pretty!

But the food... Wow, the food!! We started with the homemade, flaky, buttery berry poptart. It had the perfect amount of filling and our server was excellent when she offered to warm it up for us! Took me right back to my childhood.

We then moved on to the protein plate and chorizo and eggs- both were fantastic! Everything was wonderful and I am excited to try it out again. Brunch anyone?笑
Really good coffee, they said it's brewed in Boulder City. I don't know exactly what that means..it was just delcious. Everything's really tasty..The staff is so customer service oriented. Super nice..portions are kinda small. Good for me..笑
CRAFTkitchen is similar to those hip restaurants in downtown, but is a hidden gem located near St. Rose and Eastern. The staff are friendly and make great recommendations, especially if it's your first time there. Very Eco friendly environment. I highly recommend the short rib hash. It looks and sounds like a heavy meal, but it was actually not too filling and I didn't feel guilty about consuming it. They offer numerous fresh pastries made in house. The almond croissant is a must. If I'm ever back on this side of town, I would definitely come back.笑
Cute place with great designs. They seated us in a separate room with this beautiful wooden table that can seat like 10 people even though there was 5 of us only. Menu is different on weekends then weekdays. They have outside seating as well. I was hoping for more pastries n desserts to look at on display...
Overall food was okay but not like wow where I must come back because it was awesome. It was alittle pricey too I think.笑
First time at the Craft Kitchen and my first impression is...Hipster. Restaurant is open, airy, clean and service friendly. Food was great, definitely prepared by a chef with a great pallet. Smashed potatoes are great!Fresh made coffee, overall nice   experience. One thing though... way too pricey! $40 for breakfast...not on the strip? I'll pass next time.笑
The second time is even better. 

While living in Southern California I took for granted all the great things that were within walking distance; grocery stores, parks, watering holes, and amazing brunch spots. Craft Kitchen looks and feels like it was plucked right out a San Diego or Santa Monica Beach community; very clean, modern look, and I can walk there!

I've come here twice now (brunch & lunch) and both meals were amazingly tasty and the service was on point. The first time here I ordered the Smashed Avocado Toast and enjoyed it on the "craftily made" outdoor patio. This light and filling lunch is comprised of Ciabatta, sunflower seed pesto, micro greens, and a poached egg. The perfect option for the eater looking to watch calories and is an avid avocado fan. Eggs, avocados, and crispy bread, what's not to love?  

Visit number two: Short Rib Hash. My first thought is, this place is basically a coffee shop with a slightly refined menu, do they really have the balls to put out a Short Rib option? Yes, and they can back it up. 

The Short Rib melted in my mouth, it was tender, flavorful with just the right amount of salt, I was very impressed that Craft Kitchen could pull this dish off. The poached egg broke perfectly when cut into and the smashed finger length potatoes had a perfectly crispy skin with a soft buttery inside.

I know Henderson is far from the walking communities of SoCal, but Craft Kitchen is a start to something worth traveling for.

P.S. - Get the Pecan topped sticky bun. Trust me.笑
I stumbled onto Craft purely by accident. It was lunch time and my little kiddos were begging for McDonalds, I couldn't stomach the thought so I asked it we could try something totally new. We walked into Craft and we all loved it! My son ordered pancakes and fruit, my daughter got the butternut squash soup, and I ordered quinoa cakes. Don't let my boring name turn you off to the idea, the quinoa cake order (I can't remember its official menu name) was SO GOOD! I loved the dish. The flavors blended so well and I haven't been able to stop thinking about it for the last two weeks. 
The staff was all incredibly kind and considerate. They were kind to my kiddos and made sure we each loved our meals. It was a great experience and I will definitely return again!笑
Great place for Saturday brunch. Had bottomless mimosas, delicious food, good service.笑
I have been here just for coffee and most recently for breakfast.  I had the chorizo scramble and it was good but the chunks of chorizo are much too large.  The service and ambiance is nice so overall an A-OK rating until I try some other menu items...pastries look decadent.笑
Very creative menu. They take breakfast or brunch and come up with new spin on traditional items and prepare everything at the highest level.

Service is absolutely terrific. Wait staff knows their menu and they are very attentive.tried their smoke salmon on a pretzel bagel and was absolutely phenomenal. Also something as simple as scrambled eggs had to be the most perfectly prepared eggs I can remember.

Their monkey bread served  during weekend brunch is just decadent.笑
Had an amazing early dinner date with my love at his place. Great ambience and food!  Can't wait to get back. We went to their Friday early dinner happy hour.笑
This place is much much better than I expected! 

The look is very hipster and modern, like a coffee shop. 

The food, I ordered the chorizo scramble skillet with a side of bacon. It was a perfect amount to fill me up enough. The chorizo scramble wasn't oily or heavy and it mixed perfectly with the layer of smashed potatoes below. The bacon, extra crispy and not oily as well.

I also shared a cinnamon roll with my partner. The cinnamon roll was light and fluffy. Not to sweet or heavy in the icing either. 

Overall I recommend this place for a healthy and gluten free choice if you're ever looking for a place that has tasty and delicious food with out overindulging.笑
I was certainly not disappointed in this yummy place. I started out with the soup (creamy pumpkin) and had the roast beef sandwich on a pretzel bun as my entrée. Both SO delicious. My hubby had the chicken and waffles. He shared and it was also amazing. My older son had the sliders and the younger had pumpkin waffles (this was a "special ") and they also were very tasty. We also tried the truffle fries and sweet potato fries and enjoyed them both. The coffee was delicious. My only complaint was the service left a little to be desired. It took a while for the server to even come over to take our drink order. We asked for water with our coffees and didn't receive them until the food runner brought our entrees. The server just seemed like he was a little slammed and didn't check back on us, fill our waters or ask if we wanted more coffee. The food runner and busser really picked up the slack for the server. Without them I wouldn't have been as happy with our experience. I'm just going to chalk the service up to the place being new and him still learning the ropes. I will most definitely be back to try some of the amazing looking baked goodies in the case.笑
Great breakfast places are very hard to find. Breakfast items are often hard to make stand out from one another. Unless it's clearly poorly made, a pancake is a pancake, and an omelette is an omelette. However, this place has some great creativity with fresh ingredients while keeping the dishes true to breakfast and hearty enough to be satisfying without going overboard.

I had the chicken and waffles dish. My wife had the short rib dish. Both were amazing. The coffee was very rich and definitely not your diner style weak brew. 

I'm a fan. We'll be back for sure.笑
So I know I am in the minority here with this restaurant and although I like to visit someplace a few times before making a review I have to give my 2 cents on this one. 

We came last Sunday around 1pm thinking the breakfast rush would be cleared out a bit but we waited 45 minutes to be seated. In their defense it was cold out and no one wanted to sit on the patio so it made an already small restaurant seem minuscule. The cute old lady waiting next to me said it best..."these guys didn't dream big enough" I would have to agree, the place is pretty small. Everyone was huddled together in front of the cashier/coffee bar/bakery area and unfortunately to the restaurants misfortune we all had nothing better to do than stare at every table to the left and to the right. Anxiously watching as tables were finishing their food and as the bussers tried doing there jobs in synchronicity with the hostess. Maybe I am being a little harsh here but although the hostess was the sweetest gal ever she seemed to not delegate as fast or firm as she should because we watched over and over how the staff made things longer for the people waiting. 

The food...

Short Rib Hash
Well lets just say when I first saw a picture of the Short Rib Hash on Yelp I got all giddy inside. On the drive over I was thinking about how I would have to contain myself so I don't just scarf this down in 2 minutes. I'm sorry to report that I was underwhelmed. When you tell me I am getting a Short Rib Hash I instinctually think that I will be getting chunks of short ribs that have been braised on their bone until they fall off then chopped down into some other ingredients to form a hash. What I received was almost like Pulled Beef in a sauce. Weird. It wasn't bad, just wasn't anything I was expecting. I think a more fitting name would be Pulled Beef Hash. Also the flavor profile surprised me, it was a cross between pot roast meets braised short ribs. I decided to add an egg because well duh its breakfast and that really helped the dish for me. It was a perfectly poached egg. 

Red Velvet Pancakes
Well that too was a small let down. The actual pancakes are perfectly round and expertly cooked and the flavor was de-lish but why such a little amount of sauce? I mean I was choking them down. Its not good thing to have to take a sip of water after each bite. I will order this again one day and just ask if they can please be a little more generous with the sauce. Also, somehow I missed the part where they say they shave white chocolate on it? And I mean ALOT of white chocolate. Usually non disclosed white chocolate is a bonus but since it lacked sauce it just created the most intense pancake eating session ever. Roof of the mouth sticking good I guess you could call it. 

The Smashed Potatoes
I love what they are doing with their potatoes. I am so darn tired of those nasty diced potatoes breakfast places serve and the same goes for hash browns. Thank you for making me like breakfast potatoes again!

CK Special
My poor finance isn't too happy with me when I mess with breakfast, he's a simple man. Wants a simple breakfast. The CK Special did deliver him their version of a simple breakfast and he was pleased. We especially liked how thoughtful of a touch it is to have homemade Turkey Sausage. What a treat! Very tasty and something they should tout more because it was very good. 

Lattes 
I am a coffee queen and shoutout to the barista for my excellent latte! 

Overall I was somewhat pleased with my experience but I didn't leave feeling blown away as some other reviewers have seemed to express.笑
We stopped by CRAFTkitchen by [semi]-accident. I actually had my Yelp directions set for Kitchen Table but my cousin who is a local in Las Vegas directed us to CRAFTkitchen. The restaurant looked super cute and trendy so we decided to give it a try. We were first-timers here and definitely weren't disappointed. 

UPON ARRIVAL & ATMOSPHERE: CRAFTkitchen is located within a shopping center. Tons of parking. We arrived around 2:30pm. We were hesitant because we didn't want to be "those" people who arrive right before closing, but there were quite a bit of people still seated so we didn't feel too bad. The restaurant was very trendy, modern, and "hipster." Nicely furnished, simple decor, and fresh herbs in their [meeting] room.

FOOD: I ordered the SMOKED SALMON on a pretzel bun. SO GOOD! Did your mouth water from the pictures you scrolled through? Well good news, it looks just like the pictures on Yelp and it was love at first bite. However, by the last bites it started tasting really salty. I still demolished it though. My cousin ordered the CHICKEN & WHAT? I didn't get to try it--let's just say his meal was gone within 5 minutes. He's either super greedy and finished it before I can ask to try it..or it was just that good. His argument is that it was just that good! I believe him. He originally ordered the Loaded Roast Beef but they didn't have enough pretzel buns for both of us (a small let down.) He asked to substitute the bun with focaccia bread but they were also out!

SERVICE: Although we came within the last hour of operation, we did not feel rushed at all. Our server was phenomenal. She was very apologetic about what they were sold out on and she was quick to refill our drinks. Huge plus! 

Would I recommend this place? Absolutely.笑
Love this place! Excellent food, several choices for Gluten-free/Dairy-free. Service was terrific, love the coffee, decor and location. Definitely recommend for breakfast, brunch, lunch or dinner!笑
This restaurant was amazing! The food was delicious and came out quickly (we got the chorizo scramble, the hash, and the salmon benedict). The portions are pretty big, we all had to-go boxes. The staff was extremely friendly and eager to please. I will definitely be coming back to this place!笑
Excellent food!  I've been here numerous times and never leave disappointed.  The turkey benny is a nice twist that they have come up with as they use real pulled turkey with a home made hollandaise sauce that you pour on top of the benny.  I still want to try their home made chorizo and some of their other items as well.  But do yourself a favor and make sure you either leave room for their baked goods or take some home with you.  Sticky buns, scones, COOKIES, and croissant are some noteworthy baked items.  Seriously, they are all good.  Take some home to the family and you'll have a happy household.  If you're from out of the area, it's worth the drive to try this spot.  I'm gonna try their home made pop tarts next time.笑
The vibes definitely remind me of Southern California! A very efficient, clean, and delicious restaurant. I had the smoked salmon with pretzel dish, & my significant other had the chicken and waffles. Everything was so good! Great location & I will definitely be coming back!笑
Got to love fancy smancy brunch. Menu is limited, but they hit the spot when it came to satisfying my breakfast needs. I def recommend anyone to come. I do warn people to come early though because they can get a line. Either way, great breakfast spot.笑
This place is awesome and we will definitely be going back. We first tried their food at the Yelp event Lions, Tapas, and Scares. The fresh barrata and pumpkin soup was delicious so we had to come in for brunch. My husband got the bottomless mimosas so he could try one of each. His favorite in order was raspberry, white peach, blood orange, then pomegranate. They were a little slow on the refills but they were busy. They did not skimp on the champagne. I had a mocha and it was high quality. We started with the monkey bread and it was to die for; ooey, gooey, sticky, buttery, sweet deliciousness. For our meal my husband got the croissant sandwich. He asked for the egg over easy which it came out hard but other than that it was good. He also had a side of sweet potato fries with maple bacon aioli which he liked. I got the acai bowl which was beautiful. I have definitely had better smoothie bowls but I think that had to do with the berries being out of season and tart. The coconut and granola on it were good. I got a side of turkey sausage which was extremely dry, probably because it was made with turkey breast. It was also $4 for a small patty, I wouldn't order it again. Next time we will try other things off the menu since some items weren't our favorite, but I know they have lots of great options to try and think they have 5 star potential.笑
Living in Sunridge at MacDonald Ranch is pretty sweet, but with the addition of the Craft Kitchen at Eastern and Sunrdige Heights, the experience just got even better.  What an amazing little slice of culinary heaven tucked away in the best kept secret in Henderson.  We just finished our second visit after a nice mid-morning walk...gotta justify the bottomless mimosas (traditional, pomegranate and blood orange) somehow!  The menu is truly amazing, with flavorful customization to traditional dishes, like the pulled turkey benny or completely unique dishes like their short rib hash, which left me licking the plate, the cutlery and anything the plate and cutlery touched...almost got me tossed, but I think they had seen the reaction before!
The restaurant its self is very charming, you will immediately forget that this funky-fresh, country-cool eatery is situated in a strip mall...they created this fun little outdoor eating area where seating is at a premium, that is separated from the rest of the world by a sort of make shift herb garden created from customizing old pallets...
The food is great and well it should be as the owners are very accomplished chefs on the Strip and this little venture, from what I understand is where they get free reign to express all their creativity, and wow does it show!  
The staff for the most part is wonderful, especially a young go-getter named Caleb, who is definitely destined for great things!  Jeffrey, who has helped us twice is also extremely helpful and accommodating, we sat inside today after our walk and my wife was a bit chilled, so asked to be moved outside.  Jeffrey and Caleb made sure we were moved to warmer climes and well situated outside, but unfortunately, this seemed to rub the person in charge of the great outdoors the wrong way.  I believe her name was Katy, hard to know, as she was determined to either ignore us completely or to get us to leave as quickly as possible...which is the only reason I am unable to give the Craft Kitchen a 5 star review at this time.  I wasn't sure if she was upset because she had interlopers in her area whose tip would be going to another server, or if she was angry because one of her tables would be taken up by us for a few minutes...we were nearly done with our meal, Caleb moved our dishes to the outside when we reseated and reminded Katy that we needed a couple more mimosas.  Maybe she didn't like being reminded of this from a younger member of the staff, but for whatever reason, she conveniently forgot and we were left waiting for about 10 minutes before I went back inside to see if I could just bring the drink order out myself and was told that it would be brought to me.  Katy (again, I hope I'm getting her name correct) finally delivered our drinks and asked, "who was your server"?  I mentioned that Jeffrey was helping us and she left. Half way through the second glass of our "bottomless mimosas" Jeffrey showed up and gave us our bill.  Apparently Katy told him we were ready to leave...again, she couldn't wait to get us out of her station.  Normally I get a bit prickly about something like that, but we still had to walk home and while one more mimosa would have made the mile home a bit more enjoyable, I might have wandered into traffic or stumbled into a random wall, so I guess I should thank her for making sure we go out of there before we could do too much damage to ourselves or the oncoming traffic!  
Still it would have been a much nicer experience for us if she had recognized the fact that had she gotten us the drinks quickly, we would have finished more quickly instead of waiting for our drinks.  Also, had she just "taken one for the team" and provided the exemplary service we received from the other members of the staff there might have been an effort put forth on our part to ensure she received a separate tip for herself.  Instead, she made it quite clear that she really didn't have the comfort level of the guests at Craft Kitchen as her top priority; just those that she was sure would enrich her tip jar at the end of the day.
At any rate, the Craft Kitchen is easily one of the best places for breakfast/brunch/lunch in 89052, and is well worth the drive from any other zip code for that matter!笑
My first visit to CRAFT kitchen was very memorable & I will definitely be coming back! My girlfriends and I hosted a babyshower in their private dining room. It comfortably sat 14 of us with enough space for all of our games and presents opening! The service was delightful...we were helped left and right by both our server, Theresa, and the manager, Sammy. They were so accommodating and friendly. The food was wonderful! We individually ordered and got to see a variety of food. I had the "Chicken and What" (chicken and waffles) and enjoyed the jalapeño syrup. My boyfriend had the "Short Rib Hash" and added an egg on top that made it so delicious! We'll be back again for a regular brunch next time!笑
Cute restaurant! I'm from so cal and this place looks like it's from oc/la and not Henderson. When we first got there we waited a few minutes and no one even acknowledged us until
I went up to the counter and asked if we can get a table. we ordered 3 items: salmon on pretzel bread, chicken and waffle and the special of the day ox tail risotto. The risotto was the best dish of the three. The server recommended the chicken and waffles but The chicken was dry and pretty bland, can get better chicken tenders at raising canes down the street. The salmon was Ok nothing special in my opinion. The risotto had good flavor and texture, too bad it's a special. I would probably give it another try to try some other items and their baked goods.笑
Went to CRAFTkitchen for a business lunch with a couple colleagues and a vendor. After hearing praises of the food, we just had to check it out!! First off, this place is only open breakfast and lunch hours, so don't try to go later in the day. 

We sat outside because it was so nice out. They have a few tables outside, but it is in a strip mall so it's not like a private outdoor area or anything special... it's right by the parting lot. Anyway, so we ordered food and I got the chicken & waffles. Holy Moly!! SO TASTY. Everyone was really happy with their food, but the one thing I'd caution is the portions are a little small for the price range. It's quality food and it's great food, but be aware that portions aren't huge. I don't mind, cause ya know... portion control is good. But I know some people are bothered by such things. 

Our server was really friendly and attentive and when we went inside to pick out desserts from the bakery case, the staff behind the counter was also really friendly. Overall great experience! Would recommend if you're in the area!笑
After being expected to be blown away by this place, it was just mediocre. I was super excited to try the salmon because everyone has it on their yelp, but the salmon was just too salty for me. Don't get me wrong, there was a LOT of salmon on that pretzel bun, but still too salty, I didn't finish it. The smashed potatoes were pretty cool, but I wouldn't try them again. Our service was really slow and it took forever for a server to even take our order. She just kept walking back and forth around us, but never asked if we were ready. Maybe next time in the area I'll try it out, but I wouldn't go out of my way for it.笑
Wow. All I can say. Food is delicious. Presentation outstanding! Had hummus appetizer. Pork carnitas omelette. Cinnamon desert. Amazing. Service is great. I like the tables there too. Classy wooden and sturdy and beautiful. The host was friendly and funny and made an awesome joke. Cracked us up!  Basically it was awesome.. Elle is so cool! Friendly. Highly recommend!笑
There are not enough stars I can give this restaurant. From the service to the food, I was thoroughly impressed! Living in LA with all the amazing places we have, I am a harsh critic when it comes to brunch locations, this restaurant would give them a run for their money! The avocado toast was beyond superb! And the chorizo scramble was the lightest and heartiest skillet I have ever had! The food came out fast and the presentation was everything! If you are in Henderson and want an amazing brunch spot, this place is a MUST!!!笑
Finally brought my husband with me to try their short ribs hash. Only thing disappointing is our waitress was not very friendly. As we were ordering I couldn't make up my mind between waffles or pancakes and you can tell she wanted me to hurry up and make a decision quickly. Other than that good thing the food is good for me to drive more than 20 miles. 



Friendly reminder please smile and I understand if you're having a bad day! Just make us feel welcomed!!笑
It is difficult to put into words how excited I am about having a restaurant like Craftkitchen in my neighborhood.  Our experience her was great except service was a little slow (Sunday morning breakfast craziness I'm sure).  Love that a restaurant cares about the source and quality of their food.  Each dish we ordered was clearly prepared with care.  It was all delicious.  And the coffee was amazing.  We'll definitely be back!笑
Great little breakfast joint with homemade pastries and great service!

Bottomless mimosas in fun flavors like tropical and pomegranate.

We ordered a breakfast burrito, an apple pop tart, a pecan sticky bun and a chai latte.

Everything was delicious but my favorites were definitely the pastries. The sticky bun was lots of layers of buttery pastry dough with cinnamon and caramel. Easily cut with your fork, it melts in your mouth and was a perfect addition to our meal. 

The apple pop tart was fun to order and to eat. The apple filling was tart but sweet and the crust was topped with a simple icing sugar. 

We had not only our own server checking on us but others would stop by to refill a water or clear a plate.

I'll be back!笑
My boyfriend and I stop in from time to time. The staff is always so friendly and accommodating. We have never had a bad meal here. This is the kind of place where your face will be remembered and it you will leave feeling satisfied. It's obvious that the owners pride themselves on good service and excellent cuisine.笑
One of my favorite breakfast places in the city! The dishes are savory and the service is on point! The menu has a little bit for everyone, and you can't go wrong! I had a short rib hash with a poached egg on top, avocado toast, and the port carnitas omelette! All the dishes were so savory and yummy! I'm hoping to be able to try this place for brunch soon... I'm dying to try the churro waffles!笑
Came here for brunch on a nice quaint Sunday afternoon. CRAFTkitchen has been on my "to try", but because it is so far (deep in the heart of Henderson), I haven't had the chance to until I was on this side of town.

And WHOA was I blown away. I had the most satisfying, most delicious, most drool-worthy meal ever. And this was before I started feeling tipsy from the mimosas! Our server (sorry, I forgot his name) was also amazingly sweet and personable. I wish I could give you a Yelp shoutout, but I went over a month ago and his name escapes me now.

Anyway, onto the important part: FOOD!

I think they have a special brunch menu every Sat & Sun. Not sure, but I the korean-styled short ribs with eggs & rice (see picture). It's a little pricey compared to the rest of the menu but it was the most perfectly portioned, delicious piece of yum I've had in a while! I ate it all feeling perfectly satisfied (not too full, but no longer hungry). 

Unfortunately by the time we tried to order the monkey bread, that was out as well. We were told by the server that the banana bread is always the first to go. He suggested for us to try the bread pudding with vanilla ice cream (or was it gelato? Can't remember TBH) and it was deliciousssss! I think the monkey bread might've hit the sweet spot a little harder, but the bread pudding w/ vanilla gelato/ice cream still put the icing on that Sunday brunch. 

So basically...tl;dr, arrive very early or no monkey bread.笑
Items Selected:
Iced Coffee from Colorado River Coffee Roasters, Ham & Cheese Kouign Amann, Maple Bacon Cronut, Glazed Cronut, Strawberry Poptart, Pork Carnitas Omelet, Bananas Foster Pancakes, Buffalo Chicken Loaded Fries, CK Monkey Bread, Banana Chocolate Chip Loaf, Lemon Raspberry Loaf, Blueberry Muffin, Cinnamon Roll, Pecan Sticky Bun, Carrot Cake

Now more than a year and a half in business, the crowds still present even as other nearby restaurants have come and gone, CRAFTkitchen from Jaret and Tami Blinn proved a near-ideal stop en route from Las Vegas to San Bernardino for a concert, the 220-mile drive and 9-hours in 101°F temperatures with little shade fortified by new items from the Weekend Brunch menu plus several Pastries, a restaurant that already sets the bar high finding an extra level rather than resting on its laurels.

Already visited several times for both Breakfast and the recently launched Friday Happy Hour, the food which has been universally excellent despite remaining broadly appealing  a testament to Chef Blinn's skills honed at Red Rock prior to taking a chance on the space previously inhabited by Bread and Butter, it was with the Chef taking a needed break to coach his boys' traveling baseball team that two old friends sat down at one of the windowside booths, locally born n' raised Manager Devin keeping an eye on one of the most consistent off-Strip waitstaffs in all of Las Vegas or Henderson.

Improving the restaurant soundtrack with each visit, Weezer's Say It Ain't So followed by Phil Collins' That's All playing lightly overhead as the menu was perused, it was with the first of several Iced Coffees from Colorado River Roasters that choices were made, a trio of new Pastries sent out in the form of two lightly fried Cronuts plus a Strawberry Pop-Tart that continues to one-up artisan versions elsewhere by way of being crisp like the Kellogg's original, but stuffed with naturally sweet Fruit without trending over to Toaster Strudel territory by getting over-frosted or soggy.

Recently adding a savory option to the ever-changing list of Kouign Amann, the laminated layers holding up nicely to Ham and Cheese that could have benefitted from just a touch more Salt, it was next in two Brunch specials and a previously unnoticed Omelet that $10.95 to $13.50 was invested, the house-braised Pork intensely spicy inside the fold of three Cage-free Eggs but mellowed by Tomatillo Salsa, Cheese and Lime Cream while the fried Chicken found itself tossed amidst Buffalo Sauce, vinegary white Dressing and Blue Cheese atop thin-cut French Fries and shaved Vegetables that tasted great, and was assuredly portioned sharing.

Happily tucking into the can't miss CK Monkey Bread and Jaret's Bananas Foster Pancakes, an improvement on whatever Jack Johnson may have been singing about thanks to the addition of Brown Sugar and Orange Rum Glaze plus house-whipped Cream to the fluffy stack covered in sautéed Fruit, it was along the I-15 that a box of to-go Pastries was investigated, all of these items old favorites and highlighted by the softly spiraled Pecan Sticky Bun as well as Sin City's best Carrot Cake, whether in a full Birthday Cake portion as it was in April or here, made bite-size.

***** Better with each visit, and now proving to be just as well CRAFTed even when the Chef is (rarely) absent, anyone who has not been to CRAFTkitchen owes it to themselves to stop in for Breakfast or Lunch, the whole menu offered seven days a week and far better than anything found at The Cracked Egg, Babystacks or Egg & I.笑
Just tried it. My wife has food allergies and they were very knowledgeable and helpful. And the food was great!笑
So I had driven by this place a couple times since they recently opened and decided it was time to try it out!
First impression when I walked in was a positive one! Clean, warm, receptive and very busy!
We were seated by a friendly staff member and ordered a couple lunch items. I got the Beef Sliders, my bud ordered the Smoked Salmon Bagel and a side of Garlic Fries.
Food came out in good time and was awesome. From the presentation, to the freshness, and most importantly to the taste, they knocked it out!!!
They gear toward the healthy side, which can sometimes leave the taste in the kitchen...not this place!! 
Everything was fresh and healthy but also flavorful and filling! Menu is very diverse and imaginative! Will definitely be back for more.
Bringin the wife next time! She was wanting to go and a little bummed we went without her!!!笑
Food is always consistently amazing but the service...ugh. The service needs so much work.笑
Short review: This place is fantastic! Great food! Great service! Beautiful interior! Bad acoustics. 

I really really wish I had taken food photos while I was here because it was beautiful to look at and beautiful to eat. I ordered the Korean street tacos and they are out of this world amazingly good! They got gobbled up before I could even think of getting pictures...next time. 

And I finally get very solid kimchi and it's not even from a Korean restaurant... thank my lucky stars I thought it would never happen here in Vegas. 

The waitress who's name I forget at the moment was super nice, patient, and informative. The interior was pretty and had some awesome looking decorations. The only bad drawback of this place is the way it's laid out for sound design. It's hard to talk to people while you're in there, because you can hear every conversation in the room and it's very loud. A group of young men a few tables behind me were so loud volume-wise that I was getting a headache every time they all got excited about whatever and laughed and joked. 

But beyond that I'm looking forward trying everything else on the menu since so far this place is great!笑
Food is good (read on) and service is really s-l-o-w! Had the soup of the day and we never got the cobb salad and sandwich we ordered due to ??  Who knows?! The reason it's not getting 5 stars is because they don't clean the tables promptly after patrons leave (I hate to look at dirty dishes aside of me - outside tables) and the chairs are not very comfortable and it takes forever to get your food. Cute, but not coming back. Good news: Short wait to get a table...only about 10 minutes on a Sunday around 12:30.笑
Food is delicious and the variety is amazing. Their coffee is consistently good and their baked goods are very tasty. 

Great little spot with relaxing surroundings. The decor is beautiful! 

I wish the prices weren't as high, but you are definitely paying for quality food, so I don't mind too much.笑
Great Food!! Short rib hash was my favorite. All the baked pastries were so good. The avocado toast is amazing.笑
I love this place. It has a trendy vibe to it. There is a huge selection of different types of meals and they plate it very nicely making it appealing to the eye. I recommend the protein fix if your looking for a healthy meal that does not lack in flavor. They keep me coming back for more! Keep on crafting!笑
I have came to this restaurant multiple times. The review is based off the service not food. The food is delicious but the service here SUCKS. This is the reasoning behind this review. 

The last time I went in, I waited over an hour for my food. My brunch date had to get out of his seat to ask about the food. When the food was brought out it was cold. Who eats cold eggs Benedict? So, I then asked for something that wouldn't take as long and new. They took another 30 mins to cook the same meal. So I explained I'm in a rush and have to leave. I didn't ask for the same meal because it took too long the first time and the messed up the order. I prefer the smoked salmon vs the fresh salmon. Anyways, I didn't end up eating until 3 1/2 hours later. 

Then today...my order was messed up. I love the fried capers but I got none. I wanted avocado spread on my English bread for my salmon Benedict. They brought me a big chunk on the side, happens every time. I didn't ask for my eggs on the side but they did it anyways, weird? Much? I asked to spice up my food, nothing. Didn't offer hot sauce or bring any. The server also forgot my coffee. I had to stop someone else after my food came and it still wasn't there.

Hopefully the owners and management see this review so they don't lose business. I have brought many friends here and refuse to go now. Everyone enjoys the food but when it doesn't come out in time, orders get messed up or it's served cold. You can't convince a friend to try it again when it happens the second time. Third time isn't a charm here!笑
Went here for lunch with a friend on Wednesday around 11:45am. I didn't know this place existed before seeing them at the Lion Habitat event. Located in a strip mall behind Osaka's, on Eastern between Horizon Ridge and Sunridge.

They have some outdoor seating, and when you walk in it is very simply decorated, clean, with plenty of light from the windows. They even have a back room area for larger groups. We were quickly greeted by the host and sat.

Service was outstanding, maybe 3 minutes before drink orders taken and 8 minutes before food order. Refills of ice tea and water were prompt.

I ordered the Turkey Benny, and my friend went with the French Dip. Rave reviews on both meals. My Turkey Benny had plenty of turkey, grilled tomatoes, avocado, and perfectly poached eggs. The citrus hollandaise sauce was delicious, with a nice hint of butter taste. It's not a huge meal that will fill you up, but nicely sized and perfect for my lunch. My friend raved about the beef in his french dip.

Overall, great place to come and have breakfast or lunch, and weekend brunches. It wasn't too busy when we went, and filled up about halfway while we were there. I didn't explore the bakery or coffee selections so I can't comment on that. Fresh ingredients expertly prepared. Enjoy!!笑
Try the monkey bread (only available on the weekends) but get there early... They sell out fast!
Thevcroissant sammy, and then shrimp tacos are amazing too. 
The pancakes are mediocre, they're a bit dry and lacking flavor.笑
Amazing food.  Loved everything and the service is always great. Went for Mother's Day brunch and not only was the food delicious and beautiful they treated us like royalty  we will come back again and again笑
I love this spot. I go weekly, sometimes twice. Even the two times things weren't perfect, I was met with amazing customer service that made the issue disappear. The staff is so kind. I dearly miss the forager sandwich, but they are constantly adding inventive tasty items to the special menu and the regular menu doesn't change too much, which I appreciate. The French Dip is lean, I haven't experience tough, fatty, or grisly in it yet and I've ordered it about 10 times. I love the smashed toast with the sunflower seeds, micro greens and avocado. If you'd like a sugar coma definitely come on a weekend when they have the churro waffles on the specialty menu, you can't put your fork down. And of course, homemade pop tarts!!! I've heard some complaints about slow service, and you just have to understand, they get SLAMMED on weekends for brunch, and everything is cooked to order and fresh, so of course there could be a chance for a wait. But it's definitely worth it. And if you ever do have an issue, management is attentive and happy to make it right given the opportunity. Love love love!笑
Today was the first time I visited this amazing find! I have found my new favorite brunch place. The service was incredible, the food was divine, and the ambiance was trendy and relaxing.

My friend and I started with pomegranate mimosas in these cute modern cups. We shared the truffle profiterole with black truffles and risotto.
 Wow it was light, creamy, and amazing truffle goodness. We then tried the smoked salmon on a pretzel roll with capers and tomatoes. It was plated so well. The cream cheese was a piece of heaven with the soft pretzel bread and the tender fresh lox.

We then tried the blueberry lemon crepes with a blueberry sauce. The crepes were light and the lemon zest with the warm blueberries and whipped cream was just right. Then we had the ciabatta caprese which was plated very playfully. It had rich burrata cheese, basil tomatoes, and sweet balsamic. You get to put the topping on the ciabatta yourself which was fun. 

Then for dessert we had the smore tart and peach/apricot pop tart. The marshmallow topping was so smooth. They both were delicious! I couldn't believe the fresh peaches and apricots in the middle of the pop tart. What a wonderful brunch!笑
AMAZING brunch. We had the pork carnitas omelette with avocado tomatillo salsa, fresh cojita, and lime crema, as well as the chorizo scramble skillet with smashed potatoes and fresh pico de gallo. Both were absolutely fantastic. We also tried a few of their macarons, which were creative and delicious.  We tried milk chocolate-grand mariner, almond joy-rum, and cookie butter. Our server, Josh, made great recommendations and was very attentive and friendly. We wish they had another location in So Cal -- we would definitely be here every weekend if possible!笑
Wowza! I loved everything about this place!
Owned by a former bakery chef in Red Rock Resort. Even if you have food allergy, you can still eat delicious things here. The owner's wife and kids have nut allergy, so he cares so much about people with food allergy. How nice!!
I couldn't tell from outside but this place was very spacious and bright inside.   
I was welcomed by this young guy that was very nice. He took me to the little cute booth to sit. Cozy!! Loved their succulent arts on the wall. Each table had a little succulent pots. Cute!!
The waitress, Teresa was also very nice and accommodating. I told her I'm trying to eat as healthy as possible. She recommended me a bunch of items on the menu. (Loved they have a bunch of healthy items to choose from.) I decided to go with "Farmers Market Stack". 
It was absolutely delicious. The quinoa cake was crisp outside and soft inside. The tomato sauce was flavorful and the veggies were fresh. The portion size was small compared to other breakfast places. I appreciate the small portion size because I usually overeat otherwise. 
The manager, Devin was making sure everybody in the restaurant was happy and satisfied. He was very nice and cheerful. I like to see people like that early in the morning to perk me up. 
My overall experience here was absolutely amazing. One of the best healthy breakfast places in Henderson!!笑
We took the family to brunch on Saturday.  The service was unbeatable.  The server made our three kids welcome and was so knowledgeable.  The chicken and waffles were so good. Many gluten free options. A must.笑
This place was delicious.  Had breakfast here with family and we all ordered something different and shared.  I thought everything tasted great.  The staff was very friendly and always made sure we were taken care of.  The restaurant is beautiful, bright , and open. I will definitely be returning when I get back to Nevada笑
Just came here for brunch and had an fantastic experience. Short rib hash; Chorizo skillet; Monkey bread were all delicious. Erica our waitress was great and front manager Derek was exceptional. Excellent food and service. Highly recommend this place!笑
Nice to have a gourmet breakfast/lunch place close to our home. The Korean shrimp tacos are off the charts and the pulled pork omelette got a "this is the best omelette i ever had" from my wife. Then to finish the meal off we have the pecan sticky bun...omg...incredible.笑
The food is high quality!  While the portions are small to average, the flavor, presentation, and quality can't be beat.  The service is always very good or excellent.  My roomie treated to me to breakfast, and a treat it was!笑
This place is super delicious! Great food and great service! Alexandra was very friendly which makes me definitely want to come back for more!笑
I would give it a 3.5. 

Pros:
- Good food
- Decent menu selection

Cons:
- Had to wait a while to even be greeted by someone at the door
- Prices were slightly high for the portion sizes

Neutral:
- Although they forgot to bring out something I ordered, they apologized & comped that part of my meal. Good job on the save there.
- The atmosphere was loud, but only due to other customers (several groups of loudly cackling house wives).
- I didn't try the coffee products, but they seem like they're trying to serve gourmet coffee / espresso at those prices, but nobody knew anything about their beans & they have automated machines that make the coffee - not really hitting it home in that area.

I'll try it again. I'm neutral at this point. Maybe next time they'll deliver better on the service side and it'll get a bump up to 4 stars!笑
We came here after our workout since we since a flyer at OTF. Very contemporary inside. Nice looking coffee bar and desert display. It took a little while to have our order taken an have the food come out but, the food was super good! All three of us were very surprised. Everything was healthy delicious and definitely fresh! We we will be coming back笑
Yummy yummy yummy!
I don't know why it took me this long to review this restaurant, especially since I've been back a countless number of times.
I try to order something new each time I go. So far, my favorites have been the short rib hash and avocado toasts. Their mochas and cappuccinos are delicious as well! The thing I love the most about the food is that it tastes super fresh and not overly seasoned or cooked in oil. I leave feeling satisfied and guilt free.
They're all you can drink mimosas on the weekends is also worth trying! Just expect a fairly long wait during brunch. But busy means the food must be good right? :)笑
So I guess first impressions do count. I just arrived here and I asked the hostess if she could please put our names down and we even looked her in the eyes and she just ignored us and walked away. Disgusted by being ignored I left your establishment and went across the street to egg works where the service was fantastic.笑
My 2nd time here. Very yummy...
Crustless Mushroom Quiche was really yum!
My daughter had the Farmers Market Stack, really good too!!! Great new gem in Henderson.笑
The only bad thing I can say is that the menu looked so good it took forever for me to decide on what to order. I settled on the Croque Monsieur Panini and Truffle fries and it was delicious. On the way out I also got a key lime tart to go from their pastry counter and it was great also.笑
Delicious food and great service! We had the croissant sammy, truffle fries, and turkey benny.  Brazilian coffee was good too! The bacon was crispy, the croissant was buttery and flaky. The truffle fries were skinny and crispy too, like Houston's fries. The portion sizes were perfect, enough food to be satisfied, but not stuffed. 

I can't wait to come back to try the chorizo Shepard pie, shorts ribs, and ck market. I might even give and get the glutton free pastries.  They look like they are worth the calories and carbs.

The decor is cute and modern. It seems very well run considering they just opened a few days ago.笑
We were planning our next trip to Green Valley resort and were looking for new places for breakfast...we read that the owner and chef was the former pastry chef at Red Rock resort which we also frequent. We arrived on a Saturday am and ordered the smoked salmon with cream cheese on a pretzel bun...outstanding! The micro greens, paper thin red onion and fried capers made it unique. We also had the "protein fix" egg white & spinach omelette with house made turkey sausage very good and healthy which was what I needed after indulging the night before. On our next visit the avocado toast and short rib hash are next and I'm sure they will not disappoint! The staff was friendly and professional...out server Jeffrey was a delightful start to our day!笑
Great food, fresh ingredients, options for both meat eaters and vegetarians, and good portion sizes.  Nice clean and modern ambiance.

We ordered:

-lemon meringue tart (must get! Nice balance of tart with sweet, and the creamy meringue was a perfect topping)
-corned beef hash (my friend enjoyed it, the side of mustard sauce was really flavorful)
-butternut squash hash (came with two eggs, and the potatoes were not typical hash style, but were whole roasted fingerling type potatoes with were perfectly crispy on the outside and really delicious)
-vegetarian breakfast burrito (stuffed with chili relleno. I asked for their homemade hot sauce which brought the burrito to a new level. Their avocado tomatillo sauce had a nice tang but was not spicy enough for me. Hot sauce was an extra charge (0.75 I believe)
-blood orange mimosas (weekends only, one for $8 or bottomless for $16)
-dirty chai latte (light flavor, not the best I have had, but comes with a small biscotti which was light and flavorful)

I came two times over my stay! Really enjoyed my food and dessert, and the service was friendly and quick!笑
It took my a few tries to get here before 3pm, but I finally made it and CRAFTkitchen is slowly turning me into a morning person. It's not a huge menu but I appreciate that. Everything I've tried has been delicious and their coffee is strait up amazing. You have to eat here if you're anywhere near Vegas.笑
What a Henderson Gem! The friendly hostess and one of the most friendly waiters I've ever had. The Monkey Bread was to die for ! I absolutely loved the champagne glasses. A little pricey but well worth it. I will be back!笑
I'm actually awake at this hour and not working, what is going on?! Well might as well take advantage & try a breakfast/brunch place I've been meaning to try. CRAFTkitchen for breakfast this morning. Sooooo good! Great little local place right before anthem on eastern. I had the red velvet cakes. The berries were so big and fresh!! I'm definitely coming back to try more... If I'm awake.笑
Love the ambiance, love the food even more! I had their tenderloin taco Tuesday special, some sweet potato fries w amazing dipping sauce, and some desserts- left in w food coma for the first time in a place that's not AYCE lol, it was so good- I couldn't stop eating . This place is cute for a day date or for gf's to meet-up and gossip! Employees were all sweet &offered great service.笑
My friends and I came around 9a on a Saturday and had no wait for a table! But shortly thereafter this place filled up. We each ordered our own savory dish and one sweet to share. Here's what I got to try and how I'd rate it. 

Short-Rib Hash 2/5 - It looks amazing, but totally lacked in flavor. 

Carnitas Omelette 2/5 - Looked small for the price and was also lacking flavor. 

Churro Waffles 5/5 - These were one of the specials of the day and probably the best waffles I've ever had. I'm guessing they used churro batter because they were the lightest, fluffiest waffles ever to exist. They were absolutely covered in a thick coating of cinnamon sugar and came with a caramel sauce. There are no words for how amazing this was. I can't believe I had to share. I would definitely go back specifically for these. 

Chocolate Bread Pudding 3.5/5 - Its hard to find good Bread Pudding. And I certainly had better luck in the Midwest. I felt this one either needed more chocolate chips or it needed a sauce. It had great moisture and I loved the cold ice cream melting on top, but I would try something different next time. 

Service 3/5 - It was just fine. The waitress didn't seem to care very much, she simply got the job done. 

I will note that one friend ordered the fried chicken sandwich and another ordered the chorizo scramble - both looked great!笑
My new favorite breakfast/brunch spot! Food was on point and service was great. 

The charming decor impressed me from the get go. I love spots that are comfortable and pleasant to look at - for me it adds to the overall experience.

Highly recommend everything we ordered - truffle fries, short rib hash and smoked salmon. The short rib was tender, flavorful and not too fatty. I liked the added touch of roasted/baked (?) capers on the smoked salmon - paired with the cream cheese, tomato, onion and pretzel bun, it made for a perfect combination. None of the flavors were too overpowering, as this dish can sometimes be. We finished with a huge chocolate chip cookie (which they warmed up for us so it was gooey and delightful)...the cap to a wonderful meal.

Can't wait to go back. The only downside to this place is it's not closer to my house!笑
New bohemian chic breakfast spot CraftKitchen is a cute little restaurant in the GV/Anthem area. While the decor is nice ( muted color palate, herb garden) and food is thoughtfully presented, I was thoroughly disappointed with our experience. The $16 Short Rib Hash was literally 5 small red potatoes topped with about 4 oz of shredded beef accompanied by a few drops of braising liquid. After waiting 20 minutes for it to arrive (we were the ONLY table in the restaurant when we ordered) I was expecting it to at least be hot, but was instead merely lukewarm. It looked like an appetizer sized portion.  My 4oz pour of OJ for $3.50 seemed a bit pricey to me. My gf had the fried chicken and waffles, which again, after waiting 20 minutes you'd think would be piping hot and crispy right?  Think again. 2 soggy chicken fingers and 2 small rubbery waffles are what we got. For $43 (including tip) for breakfast for 2, I was expecting a bit more than bland, under seasoned small plates. We left hungry and disappointed.笑
Loved everything about this place.  Atmosphere, ambiance, staff and food! We went with a large group for a celebration and everyone raved about their food! Will absolutely return!笑
CRAFTkitchen is a solid breakfast and lunch Henderson spot, and they've recently debuted a new "happy hour" on Fridays from 4-9pm, featuring an array of new recipes and a nice selection of beers and wines.

I first stopped by solo, and I opted for the CK House Burger ($14) because it's the most loner-specific item on the new menu. A bit of a faux pas: burger #1 arrived well-done instead of my requested medium-rare. Burger #2 - reportedly prepared by Chef Jaret himself this time - was a little on the rare side, but I'm more than happy with that "fault." Patty #2 had so much more life, and the overall profile was satisfyingly meaty and umami such that it didn't have to rely on the sweetness that I thought would've been provided by the tomato-onion jam.

I also tried the Garlic Parmesan Fries ($3.50 per receipt) per my server's recommendation. The fries are average shoestring, but the garlic parmesan flavor was delicious. The truffle and sweet potato fries did sound tempting, and I'll probably revisit them in the future.

----

I returned a few weeks later to join a group of Yelpers. As I'd anticipated, we ended up sharing a slew of dishes.

CK Cheese Plate ($14): a must-try array of cheeses, fruits / fruit products, and honey which were altogether rich and varied in flavors and textures.

CK Meatballs ($13): strangely alluring, non-dry ground meat with more of a subtle flavor, strongly bolstered by an excellent sauce and ricotta combination.

Chopped Crunchy Salad ($9): texture and flavor contrasts are here aplenty, but I'm not that impressed by an array of raw veggie slices with some dressing and cheese.

Grilled Fresh Artichokes ($13): easily the star of the veggie dishes, with tender artichokes, delicious truffled cheese, a nice balsamic, and an addictive roasted garlic aioli.

Bone Marrow ($13): I'm not that experienced with more upscale treatments of the soft, fatty treat of I've had most often from the remnants of preparation of soup stock, but it seemed tasty enough if not very filling.

Tempura Popcorn Shrimp ($13.50): I don't see how this really conferred too many benefits over simple shrimp tempura or larger-sized shrimp.

House Smoked Wings ($12): my favorite of the night, with a crisp and sweet glazed skin and a noticeable smoky flavor (not just the scent). I was tempted to order this for myself alone, and now I'm certain that I will.

Tricolor Spring Beets Salad ($12): another good veggie dish, with goat cheese and beets forming a nuanced, balanced bite.

Polenta Fries ($10): mostly enjoyable for the texture and the sauce, marginal value making this something I'd ideally order for sharing in larger groups.

Pretzels & Beer Cheese ($12): a surprising treat, with a rich prominently beer-y cheese sauce that covered for any dryness in the moderately dense pretzel bread.

Heirloom Tomato Salad ($12): the grapefruit and vanilla gastrique and the shaved ricotta made this just good enough that I was able to banish the thought of "why would anyone pay so much for a few slices of tomato?"

Manila Clams ($16): the mix of ground pork and tender clams in that intriguing shallot white wine broth made this a very good dish, although I might have gotten just a touch of grit in one of the clams.

Sticky Toffee Cake w/ Vanilla Bean Gelato ($8): the oddly-reminiscent-of-corn-bread cake 
was fluffy but didn't quite have the depth of sticky toffee-ness of the rich sticky toffee puddings that I've enjoyed. Excellent texture and flavor in the gelato though.

Creme Brulee w/ "assorted" housemade cookies ($7): not sure how getting two identical shortbread cookies constitutes an assortment. The most memorable part of this dish was the fruit.

Mason Jar Magic Bar ($7): wanted to love this, and the variety of textures and toppings was great, but the chocolate chantilly reminded me slightly too much of plain chocolate puddings rather than the rich decadence that I've had in many other chocolate desserts.

I've yet to partake in their wines or beers (select wines advertised as 50% off and selected bottled beers available for $3, both during happy hour only). Instead, I've relied on caffeine. Coffee ($3 sit-down cost) and Iced Latte ($3.50 sit-down) are solid options, brewed from the reliable Colorado River Coffee Roasters. Both gave me a good kick at the end of a workday. I somehow received the iced latte rather than an iced otherwise-black coffee, but it was enjoyably creamy nonetheless

By the way, another happy hour deal is 50% off baked goods (excluding the cold case), and although I wouldn't reorder several of my recent purchases at full price, the discount makes them excellent.

These meals and prior experiences at CRAFTkitchen have also resulted in a mix of excellent and merely good menu items, so 4* is right. Chef Jaret and his team deserve applause and customers for their sourcing and creativity, but a significant number of their creations don't quite hit the high marks that their pricing demands.笑
Excellent experience from the moment we walked in.  Will have to come back soon as I had bread pudding envy.  Two tables near me had it.  I had the French Dip sandwich.  I don't usually like beef, but this was so juicy, tender and flavorful.  Melted Brie, horseradish creme.  OMG. Best sandwich ever.  Definitely going to be a regular here.笑
Just finished my second visit and had to recommend Craft Kitchen. Their coffee is awesome and can't wait until they roll out the baguettes and baguette sammy's.
Get in there and support this great new Henderson spot.笑
Very cute restaurant!  Good quality food, and craftsmanship.  

Terrible service... The "bottomless mimosas" seemed like they weren't really pleased to get to me.  What do you expect when they're being served in 4oz glasses?  

We had to wait 20-25 minutes before the server had to tell us just a bit longer on the "giant" biscuit after I flagged her down to question why the 4 tables who walked in after us were getting their food before us.  Chicken and waffles are 5/5 most of the time, but my last time here, my chicken and waffles were cold; I think it was because it was made but was sitting under the burner for the biscuit to be made. 

The turkey meatball on the protein omelette was a little dry, and the omelette itself was warm instead of hot. 

The coffee is good!  And the crab salad on their lunch menu is superb.笑
The red velvet pancakes are such an amazing sweet! Love the atmosphere definitely a great place to stop for brunch. Will be coming back to celebrate closing escrow with clients and family and friends.笑
I've lived in Las Vegas for 3 years and today, I found my favorite Brunch Spot! Locally Sourced, Non-GMO, Open, Airy & Bright.   Our server Elle was Fantastic! She was upbeat, super nice and gave great recommendations. I had the Avocado Toast with a poached egg (which was creamy, had a nice citrus flavor and on a thinly sliced crusty bread). Food was light and perfect portion size. The prices were reasonable and they had a great selection of pastries (Pop Tart was delicious) and desserts looked great- (small, cute sizes). Great Local Place- Vegas needs more restaurants like this! :)笑
Fantastic bakery items. Classical masterpieces and some interesting combinations. Finally a real bakery in Henderson. We are looking forward to trying their breakfast and lunch menu. Staff are exceedingly friendly and helpful.笑
I have been here a few times and the food is very good, small portions and pricey but is delicious. Bottomless mimosas was why I wanted to come here for Easter brunch. I will say I was extremely disappointed when I was turned away today because they are reservation only on easter. Which is ridiculous because NORMALLY this place does not take reservations for any reason. I was there for Valentine's Day, no reservations taken. I didn't even think to make a reservation since I was told in the past they don't make reservations. So why would you have reservation only on a holiday when normally on any given Sunday you will expect a wait. Will not be back.笑
Favorite breakfast place in town! I have severe nut allergies and after alerting our waiter of this, the owner came out and explained to me that her daughter also had nut allergies so nuts do not even touch the kitchen. This was amazing to me that she took the time to come out and talk to me and put me at ease. I love the environment of this restaurant and appreciate the cleanliness and smiling faces every time I come in!笑
Today was my second time here don't know why I waited so long the first time I got a roast beef on a pretzel roll it was the best pretzel on any sandwich I have had and the actual roast beef was good it was just a little pricey but it was a very very good quality place

So I finally came back this morning and I decided to try breakfast and I went with the chorizo skillet and while every bite was nearly perfect the crunch on the potatoes the eggs the fresh herb garden outside where the picked the cilantro, pico de gallo it was almost a nearly perfect breakfast once again a little expensive but you pay for quality

I rarely give a five star but this is closer to 4 1/2 and if I go back one more time here and it's the same level I will give it five笑
It was our first time here and I give the place an A for effort, the idea is great,  but the execution for the price is their downfall. I had an arugula pesto salad with free range chicken and the chicken wasn't moist. If you pay free range prices, then the meat should be cooked right , and if you are going to charge Cheesecake Factory salad prices, you should give the same portion size. My daughter had a kids cheeseburger, it was a bite sized burger and completely over cooked. The portion size is really small. I paid $2.75 for an iced tea, a bit over priced for a tea. The best part and the only part we will be back for are their deserts. They were pretty good and decent priced compared to local competitors.笑
This place is so cool! Decor is fresh and modern. It feels bright and homey. Service is personal and friendly. Food is healthy and yummy! Jefferey is an awesome server that took care of my needs right away. I had the smashed avocado toast on gluten free bread. It was delicious! Great size too. I can't wait to try the other things on the menu also. I love their gluten free options, especially on the pastries. Great place for breakfast!笑
Had my Birthday lunch here today along with a couple of friends of mine.  One friend had been here before and highly recommended it.  

I absolutely loved the atmosphere.  Upscale casual, very comfortable, light and airy.

Our waiter was FABULOUS!!  He simply could not have been more attentive or
knowledgeable. 

As for our luncheon selections; two of us opted for the pumpkin soup as a starter.  We both agreed, it was excellent!  For an entree two of us ordered the "salmon cake".  The tarter sauce accompaniment was incredible.  However, while the cakes were incredibly tasty, we both agreed they were a bit dry.  We had to order extra tarter sauce and lemon wedges to moisten them up.  Our other friend ordered the Gobbler Sliders; pulled turkey, cranberry orange jam, traditional sage stuffing on CK whole wheat mini rolls. She said they were good, but not exceptional.  

Then a special birthday desert tray appeared.  All of the mini pastry selections (pumpkin pie, pecan pie, carrot cake and tiramisu) were all excellent!  And beautifully presented as well.

Over all, I'd recommend Craft Kitchen.  I'll be back to try a few more items before I make a final decision.笑
Me and the husband decided to check it out.  We were hesitant since we had our 10 month old baby with us and the place looked sleek. 

I loved the presentation outside with the plants in the pallets.  It sets the tone before you even walk inside.  There's plenty of space on the patio to eat on a beautiful day as well.  A waiter held the door open for us and we were immediately greeted by the owner who sat us at a table.  She was sweet and gave us a quick over of the place and what to expect as far as food goes. 

Our waiter Jenna was very nice and attentive.  She explained the menu very thoroughly to us since it was our first time there. She assured us our messy baby was no problem .  I loved that every person working was doing something.  They were either helping other tables or restocking or cleaning. 

We ordered the truffle fries to share, husband got the chicken and waffles, and I got the roast beef sandwich.  We also ordered coffee, a cookie, pineapple/coconut pull apart bread (the only one eaten there), pecan sticky bun, and the berry scone.  We were absolutely thrilled with everything we ordered.  The portions were a nice size for the price and quality.  Everything was fresh and full of flavor. We couldn't have been happier. 

I also loved the ambiance of the place.  The succulents on every table, the park benches, the wood mixed with metal, and even the light bulbs added character.  It's obvious lots of thought and attention went into all the details.  Even the salt and pepper shakers started a conversation! The only thing I would change is the music.  Beyoncé screeching in my ear reminded me I was still in Vegas. 

We can't wait to go back!  We've already shared it with a few Facebook groups we're on!  But being military, were always excited to take family and friends to new places far away from the strip whenever they come to visit.笑
Came here for brunch on a Sunday & luckily our wait was less than a minute! I guess it was good timing, as soon as we sat there was a line forming.
Food is amazing, pretty dam good actually. Service was also good & very attentive. Will definitely be back to try other dishes!笑
Chose this place because of the review.  Came for a Saturday brunch around 11ish.   The place was not that huge.  We had to wait for a minimal time for a table.  Ordered a carnitas omelet and my friend ordered chorizo skillet.   My plate was awesome.   The carnitas was not dry, and the portion was just right for brunch.  I highly recommended it.  The chorizo skillet, according to my friend, was good also.   I tried a bit and I could not agree more.  I would definitely come back to try other plates on the menu.笑
My husband and I decided to share the short rib hash with an over-easy egg on top since it was the first time we were trying this place. Also had the truffle fries. Both were incredibly delicious!! Glad we decided to try it. Would definitely come back.笑
Disappointed with the food today. My husband had the hamburger sliders and the meat was not cook.:( 
I did enjoy my oatmeal. Was a very expensive lunch for something that was not cooked properly.笑
Came here for the first time yesterday - the decor, airy layout, and overall aesthetic of the entire restaurant was very impressive. Also the fact that they offer bottomless mimosas is a huge plus considering there's nowhere else in Henderson that offers this brunch experience. Food was excellent also. Only knocking down to 3 stars due to the fact the service was pretty much nonexistent. On a busy Sunday there were only seemingly 2 waiters, so we sat at our table for about fifteen minutes before anyone even approached us for drinks/food. All of this was made worse due to the fact there were like 6 people standing around at the counter doing absolutely nothing but standing with their hands in their pockets / behind their backs chatting with each other while the two waiters managed basically everything. Definitely going to come back here because I'm sure things will smooth out, but there's for sure some work that needs to be done on making the experience more enjoyable. Sitting at a table without even getting waters for 15 minutes is kind of a joke when you're looking at a $70 bill.笑
Chicken and waffle!! I've tried this all over the country and I've never gotten the fascination. This was the first time I have ever been impressed by chicken and waffles!  The chicken was excellent, tender with nice breading.  The key was the waffle.  It was light and flakey.  Not your typical filling waffle. All together with their special kick, it was very good!  Truly recommend.笑
decent, certainly not amazing by any means
peach and burrata salad was really good - my favorite of the entire meal
short rib hash was good - nothing too stand out here
everything else was mediocre
eggs were overcooked and rubbery
kouign amann was hard, chewy, and way too sweet

with all of the amazing reviews from people i trust, i was expecting so much more.笑
Loved it! Clean, cute, nice outdoor seating. My friend is Gluten-Free and Lactose Intolerant and it was very easy to accommodate her! Always a plus! The food was unique and delicious. We all enjoyed our meals. The coffee is fresh pressed as well!笑
Awesome service and lovely atmosphere. Had the Strawberry Shortcake Waffles (seasonal) and the bf had the Short Rib Hash! Both were exceptionally yummy and made with organic ingredients. Best place for breakfast!!!!笑
We finally got up early enough to try this place and wanted to see what all the hype was... but sadly I didn't see it.  Maybe breakfast eateries are scarce in this area making this place popular. 

We came in early, a little after they opened, since we read and heard that all their popular pastries are gone within the first few hours they open, like the monkey bread.  Speaking of which they did not have any ready at the time we arrived, we asked about their other specials and they were also not ready. I truly don't get this. The host told us 9 am or later...umm you open at 7 am right?   She said it takes a while to make, okay fair enough, but then why wouldn't the baker come in prior to opening to be ready when the establishment opens or why not open at 9am. If it were a brunch Item I would understand, but that is not the case at all.   

Okay we decided to run some errands and then come back at 9 am.  Unfortunately the items we wanted to try were still not ready at 9am.  We decided to place our order anyway and we would order breakfast and hopefully the other items would be ready by the time we finished eating breakfast.   

We ordered their breakfast burrito to share, which consisted of a chile relleno, cheese, chorizo, and scrambled eggs.  Sadly I did not care for the taste and honestly I was starting to second guess this place and the great reviews.  We then got our Monkey Bread and Kouign Aman.  I didn't find anything special about the Monkey Bread except for the presentation.  I thought it was overly sweet and just good on the first bite. The Kouign Aman on the other hand was delicious. 

The place is cute, the service was friendly, but nothing over the top food wise and I can't see a reason to return.笑
A friend had told me about this spot.  I finally had time to stop by.  I was not disappointed!  Friendly and attentive staff.  They didn't hover but they were there to answer questions. Their recommendation of the braised short rib hash was spot on.  I'm not a fan of eggs for breakfast and sometimes find the menu too limited. Not here. This hash was awesome with smashed and crispy small Yukon potatoes and flavorful short ribs.  Maybe the best part was the fresh brewed coffee. No refills but a fresh cup brought to my table.  Breakfast was so good I selected 4 pastries to bring home to my hubby.  The place was constantly busy even on a late Tuesday morning.   Not a place to miss.笑
Popped my cherry today.. Everybody's friendly, the food's awesome, decent serving.. the ambiance is refreshing.. Def one of my fave breakfast n brunch spot笑
The ambiance is clean, modern, and friendly. The food is unique and delicious. We are paleo and was able to find our diet preference in their menu. The prices match what they serve, not cheap but not expensive. We can't wait to return.笑
They definitely need to work on the (lack-of) waiting area. Nice you can eat outside, and great little planter dividers so you don't feel like you are sitting in the parking lot. Good service. Good food, but I wasn't like moaning in ecstasy or anything. I'm not a fan of sides not being included with an entree: to me if you are paying a minimum of 10-12 bucks, some measly potatoes can be thrown in for good measure. The dipping sauce for the sweet potato fries was quite tasty.笑
After reading so many great reviews I had to try this place. I had the chicken and waffles and a decaf coffee. The flavor of the chicken and waffles was good however I think both should have been more crispy. My biggest issue was the portion size, very small. I was actually hungry 2 hours later. Also, the decaf coffee was more like water. I may come back and try something else but I'm not in a hurry.笑
I love this joint. Delicious food and good service. We got some pastries to go to bring to our families house that night and everyone loved them. Cute atmosphere and good quality ingredients.笑
After enjoying pastries from CraftKitchen on our last trip, we decided to have a sit down breakfast this morning with each of us choosing avocado toast.   A massive amount of avocado on a grilled toast, sunflower pesto and a single poached egg proved to be delicious, but hardly worth the sticker price.笑
Food is DELICIOUS but I'm not a fan of the service. I like their oatmeal brûlée, their Monkey Bread on the weekends is AMAZING. And I'm a big fan of the potatoes. But I'd rather order to go. With 2 baby's long waits can be killer.笑
I was really excited about this place because of the good reviews. We waited for a seat inside for about 27 minutes! Wow! I asked the hostess if you needed reservations she said no, unless it's for a large party of 10 or more. Funny, because the couple that came 5 minutes after us was seated prior to us. We were a party of 2 as well. :( 
We ordered coffee, strawberry lemonade, beef hash, and breakfast croissant sandwich = $32 plus tax & tip not included. $40 for our meal. We tip good because our waitress was really nice and polite. My husband said the food was okay, nothing special. The beef hash had great flavor. It would have tasted even better if it was served HOT not room temperature. 
The decor is really cute, retro outdoor feel and clean. But as busy as it was, I wondered why they had all that room in the front left area upon walk in? Why not put 3 more tables there so there's more seating = more money = less waiting = better customer service?笑
So the front counter guy was a young blond with an extremely hospitable attitude. Amazing service! The cupcake and apple tart we got were super yummy! I can't wait to go back and try more food!笑
Found this place on instagram pics looked great lil bit far but worth every mile!
Great service amazing food clean fresh loved it
I will b back!
P.s. even got a free pastry笑
Great breakfast! Awesome servers, very friendly, yummy food. Will be our fave breakfast place!笑
Nice place with a great vibe and fantastic food. Not much more to say than to just go and enjoy.笑
You can add my review to the ever growing list of write-ups praising this spot. After a couple visits it's safe to say this is one of the best (if not THE best) breakfast/brunch/lunch spots in town. The short rib hash ($15.95 + $1.75 for a poached egg) was as amazing as it looks with plenty of savory, tender beef. The potatoes are what really elevate this dish. They're smashed on the griddle then fried, giving them their crispy texture.

The apple tart ($5.25) is a thing of beauty. The thin slices of apple have the perfect balance of sweet and tart and the ginger crust is the perfect compliment. Their chocolate chip cookie ($2.25) and chocolate brownie ($2.75) are textbook perfect. The only flaw was a dry, dense almond croissant ($3.25).

It's hard to believe this is the same space that was occupied by Bread and Butter a few years back, but Craft Kitchen has proven to be a worthy successor.笑
I have this love/hate relationship with yelp's "Hot and New." It's almost always a guaranteed fail at service, but for the most part the general feel of the restaurants offerings can be gaged. Most Hot and New restaurants are just OK. And sometimes, like today, the find is exciting and worth the prolonged wait for food & drinks!

We arrived shortly after noon for brunch. Mind you, we were all STARVING!  I was hesitant to try a new spot this morning based on how hAngry I was even before arriving!  Apple maps even took us past the address, made us make a u-turn, and landed us at NOTHING.  Something is wrong with the Apple maps idea of this address, so use Waze when venturing to this new local eatery.  If you're familiar with this side of town, it's located behind Osaka before you hit Sunridge Heights. 

Upon entering, we were greeted with the comforting smell of coffee and pastries.  Yum! 

They really need a hostess stand outside or closer to the door.  We weren't the only group that walked in kind of confused about whether we seat ourselves, or need to be seated. After about a minute of standing around, a nice young girl scurried over to us (I guess we really looked confused).  She offered to seat us and asked us where we would like to sit. We opted for a table outside.  The weather today is PERFECT!  She gave us menus and a kids menu for Chloe.  No crayons for the coloring kids menu tho. Maybe an oversight? 

We were immediately greeted by our server, Kevin. He took our drink order, then recited the specials to us.  We asked for his personal favorites (our favorite question at a new place). He recommended the Short Ribs w/an added poached egg on top, and the smashed avocado toast. We ended up taking his recommendation on the Short Ribs w/a poached egg and got the Croissant Sammy to split.  The little one ordered the waffles & fruit off of the kids menu. To drink, waters all around, 2 coffees and a decaf mocha. 

Our waters came out quick, but the coffee drinks all took a while. I think the server should have explained that their coffee is brewed per cup, therefore takes about 10 minutes to come out (probably based on other customers who probably ordered before us).  The coffee is bold, tastes like an Americano it's so strong. It also has a light foam at the top.  I definitely think they need to tell their coffee story somewhere.  If I didn't ask about the coffee after our 2nd cup came out (and took just as long as the 1st cup), we wouldn't have appreciated how good the coffee was.  A little briefing on the coffee story makes the wait worth it, and somehow even tastes better!  

About 10 minutes after our server took our order, another server showed up and said "welcome to Craft Kitchen, are you guys ready to order?" We explained we had already ordered, and thanked him for checking on us.  A little disorganized, but that's ok. At least he was the 2nd waiter to try to take our order. Lol. 

When our food finally arrived to the table, we were all so hungry, we didn't really talk much. We devoured each dish, leaving no crumbs behind.  The braised short ribs were cooked to perfection. Zero complaints.  I make a pretty good braised short rib dish and it's rare I find one that blows mine away.  However, Craft Kitchen's version kicked my little homemade version's ass.  Bravo!  

The croissant Sammy was nothing to write home about, but the salad that came out with it was amazing.  It had these little potato chips on the salad that tasted homemade.  Yum! 

Chloe's kids waffle meal was the perfect size. 3 small waffles served with berries & maple syrup.  Being in restaurants myself, I know how pricey maple can be, so I do recommend they pull back on the serving size of the syrup. She hardly used half of the syrup they gave her.  I cringed at the waste. Eek! 

Our bill was just below $50 before tip.   A bit pricey for brunch, but honestly for the freshness of the ingredients and quality of the meal, this was expected.  

As we were leaving I visited the pastry case to see what I could take home!  We got a small bag of assorted cookies ($4.95). Honestly I expected them to be better, but I'm not mad about the purchase.  

After drooling over the other items in the pastry case, we decided to talk to the pastry chef Katie about ordering a pumpkin cheesecake for Thanksgiving.  She took our info down and will be contacting us later this week about our size options & pricing!  Yay!  

Overall, this place WOWed me.  The service wasn't horrible, but it can definitely be improved.  None of the staff really offered info about their concept until we asked questions.  I think their pricing, wait times, and menu can be understood better with even a brief explanation of their ingredient sourcing.  It adds value to the experience.  I look forward to dining at Craft again!  I think this place can only get better if they stay true to their purpose!笑
Yummy!  Food such a delightful surprise!
Fresh, Original, Tasty!!  Service personal and prompt!  Recommended to any wannabe foodies!!  You must go- hurry !笑
This place is wonderful , especially if you can eat outside if the weather permits. Everything is made with healthier ingredients . The Waitress Tracy ?! Was super on point and very nice.
 The Cuban Sandwich is better than what you get in an actual Cuban restaurant around here. They make eggs in detailed and high end ways that make them "special".
Some of the desserts are small but they are perfect! The taste is quality all the way.
CraftKitchen is a fine restaurant to check out and meet with friends and family. I would give it five stars but some items are pricey. But again better ingredients so it makes sense.
 Recommended!笑
Amazing food, great homemade pastries and good service. Go early though or plan to wait. The place is a little gem and fills up quickly on weekends. Try the homemade pop tarts or the pull-apart bread. Yummy.笑
Mom and I have been here twice now. We love the coffee and the food has such a fun twist! Shrimp and cheesy grits is so good! Today I had pork omelet with celantro avacodo salsa and Mom had the mini beef sliders with truffle fries. And the service is great too.笑
I LOVE THIS PLACE! Everything about it, the atmosphere, decor, the passion that the chefs put into the restaurant, the quality, the staff is incredibly friendly, offers great recommendations, and the food is amazing! Ive had the Smashed Avacado Toast - yum! I havent had a Crustless Quiche of the day that i didn't like, always delicious.  The Veg Omlet with that roasted garlic cream sauce - amazing. The BBQ cheeseburger and turkey sliders are fantastic as well. I always get something different each time i come here, trying to tackle the entire menu their stuff is sooo good! Oh and dont even get me started on the pastry items...to die for!笑
Simply amazing. The short rib hash was so beautifully prepared and tasted great. The special of the pork carnitas omelette was tasty too笑
This place is pretty solid. Quality of the ingredients and presentation is off the charts. Big league attention to detail.  Don't expect anything here to be your basic b**** variety. Everything, from the silverware, plates, and the cream holder for the coffee is next level. You are not going to see pre-packaged vacuum sealed artificial- imitation plastic synth creamer containers in a little bowl in the corner like you would see in a run down diner, no, you get a stylish, contemporary ceramic container with FRESH cream. Those little things do make a difference. In addition, they have some very interesting menu items and the taste profiles harmonize pretty well together most of the time.

Something I really like is their "Sweet" stuff, like pancakes and other sweet things are pretty awesome. A lot of places just have stuff like that as an after thought, something to fill space on the menu.

It does not get a 5 though, for several reasons, mainly because it is kind of expensive. I am probably a couple of tax brackets too low to afford eating here on a regular basis. Ok... I am exaggerating a little bit, for the type of food you are getting, it is a really good value if you consider the quality of the ingredients and attention to detail put into it. But still, expect to pay about double compared to going to Denny's. 

 The other reason I don't give it a 5, and this is probably really petty, is the staff seems slightly too reserved. I am not saying they need to act like a bubbly teenager working at chick-fl-a, but it would be nice to see a little more bounce, a little more glow, a little more pep.

 Also, this may be a plus for some people, but the clientele who frequent this establishment are a little too pretentious for my tastes. I'm talking about the kind of people who look like they think that they have an inherent superiority over the plebs because they spent $15 on a kale-infused, gluten free, acai berry , fair-trade, quinoa loaf for brunch.

Despite all that, solid 4/5. This would make a great place to take someone on a date as well.笑
The food was very tasty. I like all the healthy options. The atmosphere is light , airy and relaxing. Our server was a total sweetheart and made us feel very welcome.笑
Pretty good, great vibe, some food came out cold and service was mediocre. The style is great, it reminds me of Newport Beach.. Green modern style. My latte was dropped off with no sweetener and had to wave down help.. Also had to ask someone else to bring us waters. 
Oatmeal Brûlée was amazing with the sweet shell and they leave a nut assortment on the side that is delicious tossed in the oatmeal . Short Rib hash came out cold and bland for my taste. Dessert (bread pudding) was yummy. I sent my Bloody Mary back, the way they make it taste weird.. Like a virus smokey taste.. She said it was from the bacon but it wasn't the bacon in my opinion. I would order a standard Bloody Mary not theirs.笑
The grass fed sliders and sweet potato fries were absolutely delicious!! The atmosphere, service, and delicious food make this the perfect place for lunch-brunch-breakfast or even fresh, ground coffee!笑
I am always amazed when I find really good places that are way off The Strip. CRAFTkitchen is one of those places. I was bowling at the South Point last Saturday and we weren't really feeling the buffet or coffee shop there. Naturally, I looked at yelp and it led me to the light. Usually, my wife is the one finding places to eat so color me impressed with myself. lol

CRAFTkitchen is located in a strip mall in Henderson. In many ways, it is in a very unassuming location. Specifically, it is on the corner of Eastern and Sunridge Heights. Not far from South Point at all. It seems to me this is more of a local place, which is a good thing. We arrived about 9ish and were seated right away. The decor is very bright and industrial at the same time. 

In looking at the menu, my wife and I had so many choices to make. I would have ordered one of everything on the menu, but that would have just been down right unreasonable. Besides, I am not Gordon Ramsey and this was no Kitchen Nightmare. lol First off, you got to have the coffee. It was so good. To me, it had kind of a smokey after taste to it that I liked. There are two menus. One is the regular dailey menu. The other is a brunch menu. We did not take a look at the brunch menu. After much salivating, my wife and I narrowed our decision down to two items.

I ordered the Chorizo Scramble Skillet. It was a beautiful symphony of cage free scrambled eggs with chorizo, onions and cheddar cheese, spiced smashed potatoes, and micro cilantro. I was offered the option of adding avocado so I did. When one is offered avocado, one must have it. I asked myself, self, what are smashed potatoes? They were the potatoe skins fried nice and crisp. The flavor profile of the whole dish was over the top in my eyes. My wife had Croissant Sammy. It was another beautifully put together dish consisting of house made croissant(I will get into that in a few.), thick apple wood smoked bacon, sharp cheddar, over hard egg, and tender greens. Now normally, a breakfast sandwich is a breakfast sandwich, but not in this case. According to my better half, the house made croissant made the dish. So much so, she bought 3 others to take to our family. I have to say that they were amazing. I have had some pretty good croissants in my day, but these were the incredible. The service was good, so I have no issues to report on that end. Parking is ample, since it is a strip mall. CRAFTkitchen is open from 7a.m to 3p.m. Saturday and Sunday, and from 7:30a.m. to 3p.m. Monday thru Friday. When we left about an hour or so later, the crowd got bigger and there were people waiting so you might want to get there early if you don't want to wait.笑
It was decent.  Breakfast portion was small. They were out of the pastry I wanted.  I probably won't go back though since there are other great choices around Henderson.  Their staff seemed pretty good though.笑
I'm pretty much obsessed. The coffee + treat section is ALWAYS on point, the second you walk in the door. There's always a friendly hostess who organizes the crowd (if there is one) and finds you a place to sit. I have 3 kids under 4 and tend to wind up in the private dining room a lot (HA) which is fine by me! It's so cute in there, and as long as you call ahead to reserve it, it's yours! I hate to give away that secret but yeah..... Don't steal my table, people!!!! Lol. 

I've had 3 different servers now. Katie, a gentleman with dark hair in a ponytail, and one other girl with dark hair. Boy, aren't I awesome with names? Anyway, all of them were so sweet and patient with my kids and I. They feed the masses with ease! Also, I came in here once with a friend of mine, Bobbi, and the manager who helped rectify a previous experience of hers was also AMAZING to us. Pretty much just the best service ever. 

I've had quite a few different meals here, today happened to be the salmon Benedict, which is so full of flavor. Fried capers, I mean, come on. And the hollandaise sauce is made with angel tears, or something like that. The veg omelet is also amazing..... whatever that garlic sauce is, ASK FOR EXTRA OF THAT. Trust me, you will want more. 

All of my kids are obsessed with the red velvet pancakes, which speak for themselves. My fiancé ordered the breakfast burrito and loved it. They make their hot sauce in house and he says it's the best hot sauce in the world!!!! It's like a spread? Kinda? Almost? I dunno, it's definitely thicker than a sauce...... but I don't even like hot sauce and the stuff looks good to me! 

Long story short, if you're looking for amazingly delicious, healthier-than-usual food, served by awesome people.... Come here!笑
I was invited for lunch here. I ordered the protein breakfast. The food was excellent! The service was excellent! I ordered a cup of coffee after the meal. The coffee tasted like instant. Which I consider crap ! If I go again, I'll bring my own or maybe a Starbucks!笑
Brunch on a Thursday! Decided to test this place out since we we in town.  I had the short rib hash. The meat was tender and the potatoes were tasty. You do need to eat all the elements together to get the full flavor (ie the small greens, peppers, meet and potatoes.) Over all tasty.  Chicken and waffles weren't as great.  The chicken was a bit over salted , but the jalapeño syrup was interesting.  I enjoyed the pop tarts. My first home made one and it was worth it. Bread pudding is a must. I just wish this place served monkey bread everyday so I could try it.笑
Went back for another try after mixed experience earlier in the week.  The seating is still awful, but all my food today was excellent.  Had the hash with an egg on top (extra) and a side of bacon.  I know, adding a side of bacon to a beef dish is a little odd, but just had to get some more bacon.  It was just as delicious.  It is cooked so that it stays flat.  Very crispy.  Yum!  Portions are amble.  I brought home at least half of meal.笑
Cute restaurant. The food was just as attractive as it was tasty. One could certainly tell why there was a crowd. 
Went here with the boyfriend and friends from Milwaukee to try. They were definitely impressed, and appreciated that the meal portions weren't overloaded. "Perfect size so we don't overeat for the rest of the day." Fresh ingredients too - herbs are displayed in front of the restaurant. 
I had the Chicken and What? Those waffles were so fluffy, and the breading on the chicken was light. Perfect match with a small kick from julienned Jalapenos. Didn't need the whole cup of syrup either - always a good thing if you don't need to drench food in sauces. A brunch special of that day that the boyfriend took advantage of was bottomless mimosas. Sorry, but he had to because we were living vicariously through him. One friend was pregnant and her husband was supporting her by not drinking too, and I was the hostess driving everyone around. 
The one thing we were slightly disappointed in was that we never got to try the cinnamon rolls. Our waitress Teresa forgot to bring it out as a dessert when she brought back the first draft/copy of the bill, and came back 10 minutes later telling us that the kitchen had ran out. Hmm... Maybe next time.笑
I stopped by during the week last week, secretly hoping that one thing might have remained in the building from Bread & Butter, the Cronut! Not happening, but that is ok. So I tried the pulled turkey benedict, side of thick bacon and coffee. I was the only one in the restaurant and you know when you have checked your phone email, facebook, maybe a couple other sites, and you realize hey, I don't have my food yet and I have to get to work? That would be the case! When it did arrive the muffin was warm on the bottom and the egg warm on top, but the turkey, tomato, avocado and the side of too thick hollandaise in a chipped china container were all cold. Which made too large of a percentage of cold in the stack for me, and not pleasant to eat. I have had good thick bacon before as advertised for $5 we make it at home so I know it's expensive, but I am going to guess that this was not cooked that morning and reheated. Coffee was good and glad to see they did not break the $3 for it.  So this all added up to a $22 breakfast, so that questions my breakfast price value perception, for that price I'm kinda expecting an ocean view! But the menu looked interesting so we could find ourselves back for another try.笑
I've only been to craft kitchen twice but each time, the food has been outstanding. The first time I went was with a well known Vegas Foodie so we ended up ordering pretty much the whole menu. I love their homemade pop tarts and healthy options along with their not so healthy options. Also, extremely glad they decided to add a happy hour on Fridays too!笑
As we live in the area, a a few of us ladies got together for lunch to try out the new place. I ordered the Shrimp & Grits, it was just OK & came lukewarm. Shrimp were very small & dry. Really could have been served with decent sized juicy shrimps for the price. Others ordered the Crab Salad - nothing really special. 
We all found the chairs very uncomfortable especially since we got together to gab a bit.
It's definitely not a place to go if you want a leisurely lunch and enjoy your friends company.
Service wasn't that great either. Not sure I would go back. 

Disappointed in Anthem笑
Easter brunch was awesome!! Thank you Jaret, Tami and the CRAFTkitchen team!
Started with monkey bread and chocolate banana muffin, amuse bouche, and cookies for the kids.
Appetizers was beef carpaccio, smoked salmon on pretzel bun, and cheesy baked ham and eggs. 
Entrees was braised shortribs, filet and eggs, ham & waffle stack, corned beef with smashed potatoes, and for the kids was sandwiches and fried chicken.
All you can eat desserts was awesome! Mini cupcakes, lemon tart, banana chocolate tart, macaroons, Petite four, pate choux, cake lollipop, Madeline, Panna cotta, mocha Panna cotta, fruit tarts, coconut macaroons, and cookies!
I think we need to be wheeled out of here lol!
Awesome vibe and great food, took my family from Singapore and Indonesia to eat here twice in their 8 day visit.笑
This is the second time I've been here and the food is just so plain. I've tried 5 different meals and everything tastes bland. I was so disappointed by the food that I was too scared to get my morning cup of coffee because I knew I would be disappointed. It also takes a very long time to get your food even if they're not busy. The menu is expensive considering the portions are tiny and the food sucks. I don't see myself coming back.笑
I've been here twice.  Service is efficient and friendly. Food is excellent. Fresh, with a nod to high quality ingredients.  Most restaurants don't pay attention to the quality of the ingredients, but that is what separates fair/good from excellent. You're only as good as what you start with. 

This place is excellent. The pastries are excellent. 

I had the butternut squash soup today and it was tasty, not too salty and flavorful. Loved the fresh sage garnish.  

Need to come back here for a bottle of wine and a cheese tray!  

My new neighborhood hang!

PS - service is a bit weak. The girl that's the hostess is not qualified. Come in three tables empty. Ten minutes to sit down.  It's happened on three occasions.  Management needs to train the employees better and oversee them better, too. 

If you get a coffee, at a table, I bet they don't bring sugar or cream. It happens every time. 

Food is great, but the more you come back, the more service warts you start to see and the more they get under your skin.笑
We had to wait 45+ minutes for a party of 8. We arrived there at 12:00 and left at 2:15. They offered to put us in the special private room for our troubles. I ordered the Croissant Sammy and i got my daughter the chocolate chip Pancakes. I wish the croissant sammy had more than just two pieces of bacon and an egg, especially if I am paying about $11 for it. So personally for me it was a little pricey BUT was made worth it because of our server JEFFREE. He was very attentive and made us feel very welcome.笑
Went in today exited to try a new brunch place with my boyfriend. Impressed with the good reviews, we decided to come here. We were told that it would be about a 30 to 45 minute wait which was fine. We waited patiently and noticed that a few parties came in after us to get put on the list & were told 15 to 20 minutes. After about 20 minutes, 4 parties that came in after us were then called & seated. The staff did not notice until a couple that came in noticed, and said that we were before them when they were called up. Staff did not acknowledge the situation. At this point I was already upset & decided to leave. I really would have liked to try this place. I'm not sure if I would come back after this incident.笑
Vegas native but Bay Area student.  I haven't seen a lot of restaurants in Henderson with such fresh ingredients like CRAFTkitchen.

Had the protein plate for breakfast because I wanted to make a somewhat healthy choice  I loved the seasoning of the homemade turkey patty, which the juicy cherry tomatoes complemented well!

Baked goods are a must to-go grab. Personal fan of the chocolate chip cookie笑
We enjoyed our breakfast at Craft Kitchen!  I was just complaining the other day that Vegas isn't a breakfast town and we came upon this restaurant and were delighted with the food and atmosphere.

The menu is very gluten free friendly, which I like.  They also have a really great kids menu which has small, kid versions of the regular menu items.

I had the crustless quiche, and it was really great, I only missed the crust a little :)
My husband had the salmon on pretzel roll and he loved it, it had a generous amount of salmon.  My daughter had the red velvet pancakes and I don't know if she will ever go back to regular pancakes again!

My only complaint is with the music.  They were blaring a country music station.  I would recommend that you pick more neutral music and play it at a lower volume.  Loud country music would definitely keep me from returning!  I also don't think it goes with the overall vibe of the restaurant or the clientele.笑
This is the very best place to eat. The food is fresh, no additives, peanut free. The bakery goods are fantastic. If I lived here, I would buy fresh bakery items from this place. 
I had the veg omelette. Honestly it was the freshest most tasty breakfast I've had in a long time. 
It's family owned and the owners are the chefs. Try the turkey sausage, cinnamon rolls, fresh coffee and on and on
We spoke to one of the owners, Tammy and she was delightful. Give a great local business your business. 
I wish they were in Prescott and Gilbert AZ where we hail from. 
Thank you for a great morning meal. 
Betty E
LoisB笑
This morning we decided to have our 1st breakfast at CRAFTkitchen...We had chicken and waffles and an almond croissant with fantastic bacon..The food was fresh and very tasty and we ate every bite! Our server, Teresa was great to talk with and very attentive with our delightful organic hot coffee...I normally never write a review but decided it was time !
Thank you  Debbie Lynn笑
Just when I thought the smoked salmon couldn't get better, they super sized it!!!

My daughter ate her smoked salmon AND 1/2 of my chicken and waffles

Did you know Tami and Jaret create beautiful cakes  in addition to their daily pastry offerings. 
My Auntie's 88th Birthday celebration cake was beautifully embellished with our Japanese family crest and beautiful cherry blossoms. It was breathtaking and beautiful.笑
Best breakfast burrito EVER!!!! We shared everything... great portions! Yummy monkey bread and homemade pop tarts too!!!!笑
CRAFTkitchen is so cute and the food is so bomb. I'm always a sucker for cute brunchy vibe places. Their server Jeffery is always super welcoming when I come in. He recommended my now favorite breakfast order which is the chorizo scramble skillet. I tried the croissant sammy today too which was "flaky buttery deliciousness" also we had a fruit plate today and all the melons and berries were perfectly ripe. I've been here and had their bottomless mimosas too which are pretty good. If you're in a drinking mood definitely try the blood orange mimosas!! I didn't care too much for the pomegranate mimosas. Also if you're going on a breakfast or lunch date the booth window seating is super cute. I'm also a fan of all the desert flower art in this place. Check it out! It's a great spot.笑
Entering the restaurant, the setting is so light and fresh. The owner, Tammy, greeted us and walked us to the table. She told us about the restaurant and their food - she had so much enthusiasm and the food sounded so amazing. Our server was Elle and she gave us fantastic and quick service. The food came out and it tasted as great as it looks. I ordered the avocado smash toast which despite it sounding simple had great depths of flavor. My friend ordered the pulled carnitas omelet and he said it was amazing. We both shared the smashed potatoes which were both crunchy but still soft and definitely not too salty. Overall this visit was amazing!笑
This is probably going to be the most difficult review to write because our experience here was so "off." Some of the food was excellent, some of it was horrible, the manger's customer service was excellent, the server's was horrible. 

First, we went on a Sunday for brunch, and they were moderately busy. We had to wait a short 5 minutes to be seated. The decor of this restaurant is very modern/clean appearing, and we sat at a cool little wooden table near the window which was great for people watching.

We were first greeted by someone who said they weren't our waiter but that they wanted to get us drinks started, we both ordered lattes. Ten minutes went by and our server comes up and asks if we had our drink order taken yet and then asked if we were ready to order food. We said yes we ordered lattes, ordered food, and then another 20 minutes went by. Our server came up to our table to check in on us and said "let me check on those drinks." He came back a minute later with two lattes that were room temperature (clearly had been sitting on the counter for a while). 
-Strike 1 (cold coffee)
-Strike 2 (very long wait for coffee)

Our entrees came about 15 minutes later and apologized for the wait and said the chef would like to offer us a free dessert for the wait time. We didn't think the food wait was that big of a deal but given the rest of our experience we said thank you and took him up on the offer. The gesture was kind and we appreciated it. 

About a third of the way into my breakfast (which consisted of the most under seasoned eggs and potatoes I think I have ever consumed in my life), I found a long dark colored hair in my food (which didn't belong to either of us as our hair is short). I grabbed the manager who was walking by, she was very polite, apologized profusely, and offered to have something else made for me. I declined and helped my husband finish his very delicious red velvet pancakes with cream cheese frosting (I'd recommend them without hesitation)
-Strike 3 (hair in food)
-Strike 4 (very bland)

We finished our food and our table was cleared and the manger again asked if we would like anything else on the house to make up for our experience. We declined, simply taking the dessert previously offered to us. From the point that we finished dessert, until the point we were able to leave then took another 35 minutes. The server insisted on running to every table around us and didn't bring our check. I finally had to get up and ask the hostess if we could get our check and it was brought ten minutes later. 
-Strike 5 (ridiculously long wait just to get our check)

All in all a very weird experience. The server was definitely not busy enough (he had a total of three tables with a total of 7 guests including the two of us) to have left us hanging at the end like he did. He honestly just seemed like a total space cadet. Despite the multiple errors, I will try to be back because I want to believe this place is capable of better (and maybe the server was just having an off day), much better, but we did not leave very satisfied overall.

Yelp 100 Review Challenge 2016: #10笑
Such a cute atmosphere and only a 30sec wait 
Had the short rib hash with over easy egg and avocado toast with poached egg. Both were awesome. Service was great....specifically Katie was the best. Also had the cutest and super tasty macaroon....lemon and raspberry. Just filling enough笑
Nice little spot,  the short rib hash was great.  Good pastries too. A little expensive,  so one for special occasions,  me thinks.笑
I've only eaten here once and so far the food is good but that atmosphere is great! Very welcoming vibe and staff. I will be back. And I love that they have outdoor seating :)笑
A scrumptious glass case filled with delectable sweets beckons you in to this modern gathering place. Any menu choice will make you smile.
Great coffee too笑
I really only like to take time out to leave a review if I've had an exceptionally good experience. However, my time at CRAFTKitchen was so expressly crappy, I feel the need to warn any conscientious diners: This place *might* have good intentions with their locally sourced, organic food. Nevertheless, this place is not for those who have a discerning palate or have a desire to dine in a pleasant environment.

The food is clean, I'll give them that. The portions are wimpy. While I can live with that, it just wasn't delicious... And it's really not that hard to make eggs taste good.  

MOST IMPORTANTLY - bad service, bad attitude from the waitress, the space has a really weird energy.  All in all, terrible.  Certainly the worst restaurant experience I have ever had. Same for the two people who were with me.笑
My favorite brunch place!!! I live in Summerlin and I dont mind the drive. Great atmosphere and customer service! 

I've tried their shrimp and grits and the short rib beef hash and they are both amazing! 

Dont miss out on dessert! They have THE best BREAD PUDDING in my life! Their espresso drinks are also great to pair with the pudding. 

I had a sticky bun to go and it is a MUST try!笑
We have been there twice for lunch and breakfast. In both times, we were pleasantly surprised by the creativeness of the chef.笑
Nom nom nom nom nom! 

OMG!  I'm in love!  I'm so sad I can't have breakfast here every single Saturday morning - because I'm telling you folks - if I lived in Vegas - I would.  

Found it on Yelp (of course) while looking for a breakfast place to load up on before driving to Red Rocks.  It's located in a busy strip mall district but we easily found parking right out front and walked in and were pleasantly surprised by the lack of wait.  We were sat at a cute quiet corner two person booth.  BOOM.  Already starting off well. 

I ordered a soy chai latte and it was promptly brought out with a small biscotti cookie.  Yum!  It was delish.  The carafe of orange juice was fresh and delicious as well. 

There were several items I wanted to try on the menu --- but I ended up going with the avocado toast which had smashed avocado, sesame seed pesto, greens and a poached egg on ciabatta with greek yogurt topped with fresh berries and homemade granola.  I also tried the monkey bread which was DELICIOUS.  I want to try turkey sliders, cinnamon rolls, the acai bowl, veg omelete, breakfast burrito, etc. etc.  This is def. going to be a place I haunt next time I come to Vegas. 

Service was great and we had great conversation with a nice lady who sat at the table beside us and was a local business owner.  

Excellent experience with great food, good service, and great healthy ingredients and menu options!笑
Some of the best food I've had in Las Vegas. So if u come to Vegas u have to come here. The Mimosas  and Mocha were the best we have had it a long time. Service and cleanliness were much appreciated. We will be back!笑
4 visits. Excellent food presented beautifully. Caprese sandwich on fresh baked Ciabatta roll can't be beat and I have ordered it at every visit; creamy mozzarella with sliced heirloom tomatoes and basil, drizzled with an incredible balsamic reduction. My wife is more creative and has ordered something different each time. This last visit she had a Croissant Egg and Bacon sandwich. Bacon was thick-sliced. Killer! 

Baked goods to eat there or carry out. Nice friendly service. These people have worked in big name kitchens, and it shows in their work. Also the best damn coffee on this side of town.笑
Our service could have been better (things that were asked for were never brought to us), but I could eat their cheesy grits every day. Definitely the best grits I've ever had. Delicious fresh orange juice as well.笑
I knew from the photos I would be pleased.  Walk in and immediately experience a fresh and clean feel.  Wholesome and minimal design.  The moss, the grass, foliage... What's real and what's fake?  

The design reflects on the freshness of their menu.  It's healthy without being overly dietary.  There's a comfort in knowing they choose their ingredients, for example in their house made sausages.  

Croissant Sammy. Read the ingredients and knew immediately it was just my taste.  Requested soft cooked bacon, which was done perfectly.  I ordered a side of their bacon aioli which paired well with my sandwich.  The side salad was beautifully garnished with small potato chips. By the flavor of it, I believe they fried it themselves.   Their potatoes are nicely cooked and different then I've had before.  Small in size and flattens skins on, creates cracks.  When fried has a nice crispy outside and soft center.  Cafe mocha; froth, coffee, chocolate was well proportioned. The perfect hint of sweet, no sugar needed. Really enjoyed my meal. 

On top of all that, all the staff were friendly and their good mood contagious.  Came in contact with atleast five of them, everyone was great!   Thanks so much, will be back!笑
Under staffed.  Arrived 12:30pm on a saturday and walked out at 1:30pm without being served.  Restaurant was under staffed and attention to guests was overlooked at each table.  It's all about service which was lacking.  I may come back but not if I see the place under staffed again.笑
Came by on a Saturday morning and there was a wait, so just decided to grab from their pastry menu and a coffee ... And I was NOT disappointed!  The cheddar choice croissant rendered me speechless .... Soooooooo good!  I got also purchased a brownie, but I didn't like it because it had coconut in it, but the texture was good. My own fault for not ready the label well otherwise I wouldn't have gotten it. Coffee was great. I can't wait to come back and dine in as their food looks amazing!笑
I can't tell you how long I've been waiting for this type of restaurant to open near me!  I'm originally from LA where "upscale food meets casual chic ambience" is a-plenty.  The menu is innovative, the staff is courteous and attentive- and let's not forget the flavors you'll encounter- original, beyond delicious and addictive.  Kudos for finally opening a treasure in Henderson, NV!!!笑
Long overdue review because I'm missing this place right now and it will probably be one of my first stops back. 

I'll keep this short, because I could really go on and on. And on. I love these guys! 

So here it is, predictable, but totally worth it to come back for and never look elsewhere: 

Smashed avocado toast. Omg. 

Short rib hash. Omfg. 

Pulled turkey Benedict. Oh em gee. 

Any of the soups and brûlées. Oh em eff gee. 

The weekend special dishes are divine as well. Everything is just OMG. This whole place rocks. The design and decor. The ingredients. The little things.笑
Just left here and I have to say I'm so glad this place is opened. I had the beef sliders and they were delicious. The presentation was on point and even though at first glance they looked small, they were absolutely filling. Our server was Rusty and he was very polite. We also got to chat with Devon, the servers assistant, and he was also very kind and helpful. Overall the experience was great, the look is beautiful and the food is great. Look forward to going back.笑
We came for breakfast the other morning and It was very disappointing. Our server was less than friendly and we did not enjoy our food. 

We ordered the breakfast sammy and the protein fix. The sammy was okay, but nothing I couldn't get at a fast food place for way less than the $10.95 Craft charges. It also came with a  side salad which completely baffles me. Who wants a salad at 9 in the morning?? 

The turkey sausage on the protein fix was dry as a bone, pretty much inedible. When we asked the server for salsa to moisten it up she said "Sure but it will be 75 cents". Hmmm, you want me to pay 75 cents more to fix your super dry sausage? 

Not sure what happened to this place but it was not the least bit enjoyable. Not sure I will return.笑
The food here was so awesome!  Portions were perfect and the service was great.  I found this place off Yelp and I definitely recommend coming.  I had the braised short rib hash.  It was so good.  Everything is awesome on their menu!笑
i personally would not recommend this place, it has the worst service.. I was new to the place there was no hostess at the front I didn't know where I was going .it was cold in there, it took server 5-7 mins before we even got water or even greeted.  45 mins to get food. complicated not easy menu.....monkey bread was good that's why 1 star..otherwise never will return or wouldn't recommend笑
Well that was the smallest omelet I ever had, I believe I paid over $12 for a 2?egg omelet. Which lacked flavor. Still hungry. Service was slow seating uncomfortable. Also be prepared for a wait.  This side of town needs more brunch options.笑
Best things about Craft Kitchen

*kids menu (they give you two sides-fruit, French fries, or chips with all their kids entrees)
*breakfast all day!!
*patio seating

The food and coffee is delicious (they do offer soy and almond milk substitutes).  I wish they had a location on my side of town.笑
My friend and I decided to check out this new neighborhood restaurant & we're glad we did. The food was great! I stalked the joint on Yelp before I went so I had an idea of what I wanted. I had the short rib hash but added 2 poached eggs. So good! My friend had the bacon & egg croissant sandwich with side salad, which had tiny potato chips in it & was also delicious. THEN we split the creme brûlée oatmeal! So bad but so good! I will definitely be visiting this place often.笑
So far I've only had one meal here.  It was pretty good too.  Beef sliders with garlic fries. I'm most impressed with the fact that they have GF bread and desserts, hard to find in this area.
I'll definitely go back笑
I thought the decor was nice and approachable. Sincere welcome by hostess/waitress and staff. Ordered the hummus to start which came AFTER the entrees....we returned it and the server was kind enough to extend a pastry as a gesture for dessert. The avocado bread had no flavor which was so disappointing but the Bloody Mary was great. It was beautiful outside but the inside was so cold it was uncomfortable to enjoy our meal. Might give it a second shot......笑
Great place to go for brunch alone or with friends. Latte and mimosa are amazing. There is an entree at Craft to fulfill every craving....from healthy to hardy, the menu is well worth exploring.笑
The best brunch place with the best service from everyone especially Katie!! Everything is always delicious & on pint. Love the salmon benny & breakfast burrito! Bottomless mimosas are the best too. Definitely a weekly spot for the best food!!笑
Initially when I came here before I was not all that impressed with the service or the speed of the food.  Today the service was much better - not sure if its because I sat inside this time.  And it seemed like the timing for the food was much faster. Also I thought the portion sizes were much better for the foods we ordered today as compared to last time.  Definitely left happy and full today and will come back soon!笑
I really love this place. The attention to detail is everywhere from the decor, to the menu, to the coffee beans. A very clean, modern, hipster joint with an ever changing menu packed with yummy goodness. The first time I was in here, I just came in for a coffee but it was hard not to try something from menu. It was heartbreaking when 346 Patisserie closed and my family feared that was the end of classic French style baking in Henderson. Thankfully, this gem opens up just in time and delivers beautiful, imaginative baked goods. The Owners make themselves known in the dining room and are well trained with impressive resumes and I feel dining here you can clearly see the vision they have. 

The service is exceptional. Well trained, enthusiastic staff who work the best hours on the planet (7am-3pm). I would recommend this place for a girls lunch, a decadent breakfast or impressing your out of town guests. You can bring the four legged family members for patio dining. If you do anything, try the desserts but work out at the gym an extra day to make up for it ;)笑
Went in on a Friday around 11-11:30, lots of empty tables & was sat immediately. Noticed the restaurant immediately filled up pretty quick once noon hit. The ambiance was very hipster and chic (i love cute cafes like that) We ordered the braised short rib hash, turkey avocado benny and mocha lattes. Presentation of the good was great, pretty enough to post a picture on instagram! The ingredients were very fresh. Although the coffee/ latte was on the colder side. Overall taste was good, I've had better benedicts before but I also had much worse. I would definitely recommend this to friends, I would for sure come back and check out something else on the menu.笑
Very good food and fresh. Had the the BBQ spare ribs. They were tender, flavorful and delicious. The gravy is homemade and really great with the rice.笑
Cool breakfast and brunch place. Took my wife and sister and they loved it. 

Sometimes there is a wait time so call ahead. 

The place it's hip and has a farm to table look and feel. 

The food is pretty good and not as slow as I imagine it would be. Check it out.笑
Good service, our waitress was nice.  Honestly one of the best Mochas I've had.   The pork breakfast I had was delicious as well.   Unfortunately I'm only in town for a short while, otherwise I'd be returning.  Now that I think of it... I probably will have to come back before I leave.   Local and sustainable dankness?  Yes please. Second day eating here.  Burrito this time = best burrito  ever笑
Loved it all!! Great place, came out with my kids for a Sunday brunch and the kids menu was really delicious, good size portions and healthy. Mimosas were great. Will have to come back soon.笑
I was invited to brunch here with a dear friend - now I did not choose breakfast this time around - I ordered the sliders and my husband ordered the street tacos. I must say they were both excellent and glad we had the opportunity to re visit Thai restaurant. The mimosas were amazing as well - perfect balance and nice and cold. We will be back for their lunch /brunch offerings笑
First let me say I know Jaret and Tami and they are the nicest people around! Very talented and hard working and I wish them all the success.

Now on to the food...it's the BOMB! I can't tell you how long I have waited for this town to finally have some local places to eat that aren't a chain and actually offer delicious, healthier leaning, "foodie" type food. The combinations that Jaret comes up with for each dish makes your taste buds explode and leaves you with a smile on your face. 

I've taken my mom, my family, my friends and have dined alone and every time everyone has left with nothing but great things to say about CRAFTkitchen. They also cater to people with dietary restrictions which is a bonus. 

I look forward to many more dining experiences here and can't wait to see how the menu changes with the seasons. I highly recommend to anyone looking for a new take on breakfast and lunch.笑
I love Craft and they have such great service! I'm a regular morning coffee-to-go customer. One day, it took longer than usual to get my coffee, and they gave me a coupon for a free coupon to make up for it! Totally surprised me with it and I realized then that they really care about their quality of service. Every time I've eaten there, the servers are super friendly and the food is great. Definitely a must-experience if you're in town!笑
A gem of a find!  So excited when I saw this place being built, it looked quite promising and yes, it is lovely. 
It's bright and clean inside, with large, chunky wooden tables and metal chairs and benches. There's a coffee bar and a nice selection of pastries and baked goods such as tarts, cookies, muffins and cake pops. Cute succulents adorn each table and models the new healthy and modern style of eateries. 
While not organic necessarily, it seems that loads of vegetables and more clean eating is the motto. They do say they try to use organic, local, GMO free, humanly sourced food when possible. Whole grains, micro greens and vegetable loaded dishes are commonplace on the menu. 
Items ordered; turkey burgers sliders topped with a sautéed veggie and micro green mix served on whole wheat buns, with sweet potato fries and maple aioli. Absolutely delicious!! My hubby ordered an egg white omelet with spinach and homemade turkey-veggie patty, side of avocado (which I ate). He said it was fantastic. We got a side of the homemade spicy salsa, which was again super tasty! We gluttonously ordered a pumpkin muffin that was more of a cake, but decadently ambrosial. I had a cappuccino with nonfat milk, awesome!! 
Service was friendly and attentive. 
They are only open breakfast and lunch (until 3 pm) and I am hoping one day that they'll do dinner. 
Will definitely be returning to Craft Kitchen soon!笑
Visting from La found this place great food. Love the chorizo scrambler (the Best ) !!! Will be back soon笑
Went to Craft Kitchen today 11/6 just me and 4 lady friends Josh the waiter took good care of us. Five Bloody Marys and five omelets later we were relaxed and having a marvellous time. So I say, CK for good food, great omelets and a good time with  ladies friends. Thanks, Craft Kitchen笑
Amazing food and everything is prepared to order using organic/gmo free ingredients. So far the carnitas omelet has been my favorite and their coffees are a sure Kickstarter for the day.笑
I have visited this new start up 6 or 7 occasions thus far. Most often for breakfast - in part because they serve great coffee. The decor is bright - fresh - clean. Service is excellent and friendly. But the real star here is the food.  Offerings are not your standard bacon and eggs fare. Short rib hash, smashed potatoes, avocado crostini, pastries, caprese sliders are brightly flavored and beautifully presented.  Future adds will be housemade breads for purchase/take home.  Stop in near their 3 pm close and they will sell you left over housemade slider buns and pretzel rolls at a discount. Check this place out!笑
Good stuff I are the squash hash with turkey  added with a side of  grits. All gluten free  I enjoyed every flavorful bite. Very clear tasting and not overly seasoned. I will definitely be back next time I'm in Vegas!!笑
I've been here a few times. Ordered crab eggs Benedict and it was fine. Their tart but delicious Hollaindaise came on the side. 

Coffee was out of a machine. 

The pastries are pretty amazing though! Tons of options from cinnamon rolls to apple tarts and small individual sized pies. 

Service was friendly and prompt.笑
Finally got a chance to come by today with a bunch of friends. 

Ambiance:  This place is very cozy and nicely decorated and offers both indoor and patio seating. Both dining spaces are inviting and I'm a fan of their use of decorations of succulents, grass, herbs, and wood top tables...it gives this place a farm to table vibe! Which is what they aspire to do. 

Food:  I personally ordered the Pulled Turkey Benny which was delicious. Turkey was moist and seasoned nicely, perfectly poached eggs, and the hollandaise sauce served on the side was honestly the best I ever had, with heavenly notes of lemon but still very balanced...gonna have to try to imitate that recipe!  Also had the house made gravlax...the fried capers were such a nice touch! It was tasty. We also got to try the hummus and focaccia, which was really good too! 

All my friends ordered various items on the menu and no one was disappointed. 3 of us got their coffee and one friend ordered their bottomless mimosa, which tasted great. We had one kid with us and she loved her waffles!!!  Very kid friendly place. All of us will be back.笑
I try to choose restaurants that use organic produce and humanely raised meats. They use good ingredients and the food is tasty! There are also good choices if you are gluten-free or diabetic (not me). I went for brunch with my family and tried the pecan sticky bun, red velvet pancakes, short rib hash, chicken and waffles, and pineapple coconut pastry - all was good and presented nicely. AND For a coffee/espresso snob like myself, it was heaven to finally find a place that serves good coffee! To address what someone else noted, when you first walk in it's not clear if you are supposed to order at the counter or wait to be seated for table service; I think maybe a simple sign would solve this. But once seated we received great service and I really enjoyed the comfortable atmosphere. I wish there were more restaurants like this one and I would definitely be a regular if I lived closer!笑
In a sea of shopping centers, an eatery like CRAFTkitchen is the pure definition of hidden gem. If you happen to be way out there in Henderson and craving a non-diner experience, this is your place!

Though the wait on a Saturday is longer than one might expect in the 'burbs, it's a nice place to enjoy brunch. Family friendly for sure, since old people and kids alike enjoy a midday meal. The queue is truly "first come, first serve" so larger parties could wait longer than most. I'd say stick with groups of four or less if you want to get a table in 30 minutes or less.

Those imbibing in an adult beverage can have a single mimosa, or for a better deal, go bottomless. It's $8 for one drink, $16 for endless refills. 

Croque Monsieur panini with truffle fries was exactly what I wanted at noon on a Saturday. Other people in our group tasted the short rib hash (with an egg on top), avocado toast and smoked salmon. Portions were just enough, nothing too gut-busting, nor was I left hungry at the end of the meal. 

Henderson keeps getting cooler and cooler, CRAFTkitchen is one reason why.笑
Wow...Just had a quick lunch with my daughter there today. Loved it,food was excellent wait staff was friendly and nice. I will most definitely be back!笑
Excellent customer service!! I was actually surprised the service was so wonderful. This is the type of service you would expect at a high end restaurant. The staff makes you feel welcome and always remembers you. The dishes are all delicious and inventive. I have dined here at least 4 times in the last few months, truly enjoyable experience. This is a must try!笑
Thank you Jeffrey for going above and beyond for our big family! Bottomless mimosas, family, and good food definitely defines a happy Sunday! We will be back for more happy Sunday's. :)笑
Food was good but it took forever to get to my table. They also took a super long time to get us our check. But it's really good here. Definitely will be coming back. 

Get the Short Rib Hash! It's super good!!笑
Ideal spot for brunch! Carnitas omelette and short rib had were ideal. Put a fried egg on top of the hash and get a kouing Amani to go. Worth the schlep from Summerlin.笑
We were so excited to try Craft Kitchen when it opened. We were not disappointed. The sliders were amazing and surprisingly filling! The fries were delicious and I'm pretty picky about my fries! The pastries I tried were all really good. Cupcakes at Halloween time were so cute. The lemon and apple pastries were to die for. We will be frequenting Craft again and again!笑
So I've been here twice with larger parties and both times my food has been phenomenal. Including their brunch and bakery. I detracted one star though for the extremely slow service. Especially during brunchtime and with bottomless drinks, it didn't feel bottomless. 

I highly recommend their brunch specials. Additionally, the chicken and waffles, short rib hash, desserts (homemade pop tarts especially), and the farmers stack lunch entree were very well loved each time I went.笑
LOVE this place!! My boyfriend just had breakfast here! We split a chicken and waffle and short rib hash! EVERYTHING was phenomenal! Food was clean, not greasy at all, presentation was beautiful, service was amazing- from the hostess, to the wait staff! New favorite place!!笑
Been here a bunch of times for breakfast and never written a review.  Breakfast kills it so we decided to try it for lunch.  Hummus and pretzel chips and Cobb salad were good. Loved the blue cheese and bacon flavor.   Will definitely come again and again.笑
Braised short rib hash plate was delicious. Our server Teresa exceeded my expectations when she split our plates. She didn't need to and she went out of her way to communicate that if we want it split let the server know so they can make it that way. Great vibe and aura. Decor is fabulous. Chai latte was consistent. Will be back for desert.笑
This is a nice place to dine and has a hipster feel to it.  This is a nice addition to Henderson, which reminds me of O.C. and the CAMP.

The food presentation is beautiful and a nice balance of the bad and the good (nutrition wise).  House crafted croissants, I couldn't resist but to order the buttery croissant sammy.  The sandwich is between a fried egg, 2 pieces of perfectly cooked crisp bacon, cheese and I added aioli sauce.  It was lacking a little bit of greens, so I snuck a few pieces of my mixed greens from my salad.  Flaky croissant from the outside, pillowy (not even a word) goodness on the inside and that makes it just buttery goodness.

My mother opted for the quiche of the day and that one bite I took had a good balance of eggs, cheese and lovely bits of bacon.  This was all baked on a moderate sized for one person quiche dish.  

We both ordered from the early-hour menu versus the afternoon menu. The other set of dishes were shown on the flip side.  Either way, this is smaller portions, which is expected at these modern, quaint, well crafted food places.笑
The protein fix was delicious! Cute, quaint, and everyone was very friendly. Great new trendy breakfast spot to check out.笑
The food is amazing - the atmosphere reminds me of a cafe in the city. Amazing coffee! My kids also love the food / grab a sandwich on homemade bread, salad with burrata or breakfast ... The truffle fries are a must!笑
So far i love this place. It is not just any place called coffee shop....the coffee is great and not expensive. The menu is different and inlove that part. It may ne small but it feels comfy and open. I love the el fresco seating. It is away from the coffee crowd types and i would rather go here. So close to the spa where i work.笑
When was the last time your server remembered you from your last visit??  Great service, awesome food, nice atmosphere. New fave breakfast place!笑
Excellent food and service. Fresh organic coffee, tasty and spicy shrimp street tacos and to top it off...a gluten free delicious pumpkin tart. We will be back.笑
Came here for brunch and the food was delicious! I ordered the short rib hash and I would definitely come back just for that! The mocha wasn't too bad but it could've been better. The employees are very nice and their customer service is great. The reason I did not give this restaurant 5 stars is the small menu. Once they provide a more variety of selections on the menu, I believe this place can be even better! I recommend coming here to experience it.笑
I simply had to take the time to express how impressed I was with my dining experience at CRAFTkitchen today.  It was my first visit to the restaurant, and the staff (the manager Devin, hostess Erica, and waitress Katie) went above and beyond to ensure that my experience was second to none.  And the food...life changing!!!!!!  I was struggling with what to order, as there were so many menu items that intrigued me, and Devin was flawless in his assistance of recommendations.  It was his description of the Short Rib Hash that led me to order it ("A lot of love goes in to the preparation of the short rib for that dish"), and I was blown away.  A lot of love indeed!!! =)   I also had the Oatmeal Brulee, and it was incredible.  The temperature was JUST RIGHT, and the nut and fruit mixture with the caramelized sugar topping was nothing short of phenomenal.  Even the coffee was amazing.  Fresh, delicious, and again, served at the perfect temperature.  I simply can't say enough good things.  I can't wait until next weekend to return and try another dish.  I will definitely be raving about this restaurant to all my friends and family.  Please don't ever leave Vegas!  Thank you for a truly incredible and unique dining experience! =)笑
Nice presentation of meals here, but the waitress seemed to be doing double duty behind the coffee area and left my table without much service.   No refills on drinks, and no offer of dessert for us.  We went down the street to Mad OWL for dessert and coffee instead.  Prices at Daily Kitchen are more reasonable if you are craving yummy Organic food!笑
Great food! Good people! Best choice for a healthy breakfast spot! Coffee is definitely in a class of its own.笑
Went for brunch on Presidents' Day. Was fairly busy and we chose to sit outside and eat. It was a tad chilly but nice. I ordered the turkey benny and it was very good. Citrus hollandaise was surprisingly crisp and tasty. Turkey was a little odd being with eggs. And a couple stems in the micro greens that were very noticeable. Overall very good presentation great flavors and felt kinda light in the stomach for a benny. Service was okay although outside people seemed "left out". Five stars for good food good price and for support of new eats in the neighborhood. You could use some fresh juices or blends.  Good markup and healthy delicious add ons.笑
Went for brunch yesterday with my siblings. The server got my brother's order slightly wrong by bringing sausage instead of bacon . Shortly after my sister took a bite from her farmer's stack and found a long hair that was weaved through her food . As for me, I had the Turkey Benny. The meat was dry, the Hollandaise sauce was oddly sweet, and there was quite a bit of avocado sauce on there (making it overwhelming) . 

Don't get me wrong, I get it ....hair happens but not when you have a restaurant.  The manager was kind  and took care of us after that but we were just over it at that point .笑
Best breakfast spot in Henderson. Menu reminiscent of some of fine breakfast/brunch options you'll see in San Francisco. Food presentation was wonderful and everything tasted fresh and delicious. Our waiter Kevin was very attentive and friendly despite being busy. Definitely will revisit.笑
Ok, here's the deal. We've been here twice so far and I would actually give this place 4 1/2 stars if Yelp allowed that. 

It's a casual, high end breakfast/lunch place. 

Pros - owner and concept. A slightly limited but really good menu ( kids too) with great quality and great execution, as I said high end. The space and design are a plus, although the front window seatings are a bit uncomfortable.

The  pastries, coffee , food are excellent.

Cons- prices. This is the sole reason why I didn't give 5 stars. A bit of a mixed bag here. I expect to pay a bit more for great food done right, but the prices border on expensive. It makes coming here weekly or even a few times a month a bit of a stretch for a couple or family. A lot of reviewers have posted the menu, so you can see for yourself. Portions are adequate but definitely not large, you're paying for quality, not quantity. If you come here really hungry, it's going to cost you. Often you have to add to your already pricy entree choice, then a pastry/dessert so  it adds up quickly . All of this shouldn't be a big deterrent, but you should know what you're getting into  and I did say the food is excellent.

The staff is fine, very friendly. We've experienced a small learning curve too, but come on, they just opened and I'm sure they will develop a good flow sooner than later. Got to talk to the owner and his approach is what's going to make this work. He is obviously well trained, very knowledgable and experienced. He seems open/ committed to adapting his place to make this a success. I also hope a few of the prices are reviewed/ adjusted or some cheaper items are added. 

I look forward to this place being around for a long time and would like to come here more often.笑
Great bakery items!! The chocolate chip cookies are simple and delicious..my new Vegas favorite. Pecan sticky buns and cinnamon rolls are excellent too. A variety of delicious gluten-free options..the apple tart is exceptional. Pastry items cost anywhere from $2-$5.

Shortrib hash is the menu's home run item. Breakfast/brunch for two will run about $30-$40. Servings are not huge but very filling and high quality. Nice atmosphere and decor. Especially liked the counter seating looking out a large glass window.

Super busy on the weekends. If possible, enjoy CRAFTkitchen on a weekday for the best in service/experience.笑
I really want to like this place but I ALWAYS leave hungry and out about $50. 

The freshness, light flavor, close proximity to home is there but they always lack service and portion, I guess. The servers are nice but some thing is just missing.笑
Wow! Have you been here? If not...get here! So thankful for a restaurant who serves gluten free, GMO free, cage free eggs and organic!! So yummy!
We've had the pork cutlet omelet, smashed avocado toast, short rib hash and the protein breakfast.
Chef makes all of the bakery items in house. Try the gluten free brownies or honey cake.
My only suggestion...organic cream for the organic coffee.笑
Awesome experience!   The placed was packed and they opens just a couple weeks ago!  Must try  truffle fries!   Friendly, good service and creative takes on traditional foods that we know and love!笑
This place was EXTREMELY busy. It was just 2 of us and we had to wait 1/2 hr. When we finally got our food it was not very flavorful and we had to add salt. We only got 1 appetizer and 2 entrees, no drinks, only tap water and spent $50! Totally not worth it.笑
A pricey little place for brunch with low-key atmosphere. The food is excellent. Had the ribs meat with potato and egg. Also had the red velvet pancakes. Great presentation and friendly staff. Well worth the price for a unique experience. Portions are not huge so come for the flavor and experience rather than the high calorie content.笑
What a great spot! My boyfriend and I totally enjoyed this place. The service was great and the food was too. I had the vegetarian breakfast chili relleno burrito omg, yum! And he had the salmon eggs Benedict also great! Garlic fries were yummy and the small raisin bread loaf was delicious. Oh and the coffee is totally on point! Nice and creamy and strong just how we like it! We can't wait to go back and try more! Very happy!笑
I've been waiting for this place to open and finally had a chance to try it for the first time yesterday. I like the idea of how you have an option of sitting inside or out. I love the layout of the restaurant. It's simple but yet cozy with a super friendly staff. We were instantly greeted and seated as soon as we walked in and felt welcomed.  The server was very nice and knowledgable of their menu. I wanted something simple so I had ordered the CK special. It was just the perfect amount of food because I normally don't like to stuff myself. The turkey sausage was amazing hence I normally don't eat sausage.  I must say the Carmel Latte was amazing as well.  I wanted to order a second cup of java but yet I get heart burn so I had to limit myself. The Sammy croissant was yet another hit! It was so delicious and yummy.  We had also ordered the garlic fries and cake pops for dessert and yet no disappointment. I totally recommend this place and will be back to try the other selections on the menu. Happy eating.笑
If you are searching for somewhere to dine for breakfast, brunch, lunch, or dessert in Henderson, look no further than CRAFTkitchen.  Truly a great place to  eat, we've been there often and have always enjoyed the food and service.  The last visit was for a private dinner event when Chefs Tami and Jaret outdid themselves, blowing away all the guests with their innovative dishes made especially for the party.  They cater events like this at the restaurant for dinners, so keep them in mind if you are ever in need of a site for your own function.

My favorite menu item is the Short Rib Hash with smashed potatoes, sweet onions, and peppers, with the Shrimp and Cheesy Grits a close second.  For the bakery items, hands down the monkey bread if you want to go to carb heaven, but all the items in the cases are inviting.
Weekend brunch from 9am to 3pm has an ever-changing menu so you never know what new items will appear.  If you haven't been, drop by when you're in the area and see for yourselves what's cooking in the kitchen of CRAFT.笑
They have delicious food, including monkey bread, which I love. Their staff works hard and are proud of their service.笑
Very nice staff. I got the turkey Benedict for Saturday brunch was quite disappointed. I love eggs bene of all sorts. This was supposed to have avocado, instead had that subway mashed up quac type spread. No actual avo. Also very bland and had no flavor. So I basically just ate the turkey and runny egg. Disappointing.笑
First time visiting this lovely place, great service and Awesome fresh food.  Will definitely be back!!!, had the Cuban sandwich and it was delicious with sweet potatoes fries instead of the plantains that it comes with.  Will try breakfast next!笑
Amazing place and a hidden gem.  Not one bad food item on the menu.   Even their water is amazing, super filtration and ionization.  The tempting desserts are pretty bad ass.  Love the monkey bread!笑
Had a breakfast there. Food was good but service slow. Hard to believe coffee refills are a charge.笑
I am not gluten-free but I was curious try to it out, see if it lives up to the hype. So yummy!笑
Pastries were great. Entree dishes were ok. Service was horrible. We sat for about 10 minutes, had to call the server over to take our order. After that, we didn't see him again. Had we not had integrity, we could have walked out. When we went to the cashier to run our card, she ran other people asking for help because she didn't know how to work the cash register. We sat there as she held our credit card and check being denied assistance by everyone. This place desperately needs a manager.笑
Its a good breakfast place. Its not crowded and food is good. They serve pretty decent amount of food in reasonable price. Locals are very lucky for having great restaurants  around aside from being in the strip.笑
Great service, great food. I was treated here for a birthday brunch and my best friend and I chose Craft Kitchen because neither of us have been here before. 

I ordered the smoked salmon and my best friend ordered the short rib hash, and bottomless mimosas (classic and pomegranate). Everything was great! The smoked salmon was on top their house made pretzel buns (2 in total); portion and flavor was great. It wasn't a hearty meal (which is what I was going for). The short rib hash, on the other hand, WAS hearty, but oh so delicious. I actually wished I ordered that instead lol. All in all, great place. Definitely coming back for more.笑
I ordered the smoked salmon it was amazing and I've never had nova lox with that much salmon. The prices are great and the food is amazing笑
Awesome find! All thanks to Yelp. Working night shift its hard to find someplace open at 7am and that doesn't just serve typical breakfast food. So my husband and I happened to get off at the same time and didn't feel like cooking, so I whipped out Yelp and searched the area. Located two seconds from work, Craft Kitchen. First impression loved the look of the place and drooled at the pastry case. The two woman that were working were very knowledgable and professional. The pastries are made fresh daily and you can taste it. We both went right for the Short Rib Hash. I had a Mocha Coffee that was perfectly done, usually I have to add sugar but it was perfect. The Hash came out and was delicious! Afterwards I had already eyes the Berry Crostata and my husband the Pecan Sticky Bun. Mine was the perfect end to a great breakfast. His Pecan bun was yummy, but it's so sickly sweet I think it's better to drink with coffee then just straight on its own. My only complaint is the chairs! So uncomfortable!  Next time we go we will request one of the bench seats. Otherwise this was a complete gem! We will be back.笑
Ordered and enjoyed the CK Special and Oatmeal Brûlée- both were outstanding!! The service is friendly and the decorations are fun.笑
Loved it! Love it ! We are in love! The Loaded Roast Beef was perfect . Read reveiw in the LV weekly and wanted to check it out. Glad we did. Shauna was our server , she was friendly attentive and gave us excellent service. Everything tasted FRESH and was delicious.it was a sunny day and We wanted to sit on the patio it was comfortable and enjoyed looking at the lovely herb garden. we topped off a great meal and perfect service with some coffee and pasteries courtesy their bakery. HOLY MOLEY! OMG!!! HEAVENLY! PURE ECSTASY GOOD. Amazing menu. ridiculously good bakery and fast friendly and great service. Try it you'll love it.笑
*Military Discount* 

Went on Saturday 2-13-16 at 11am. This restaurant is located on Eastern between Sundridge Heights and W Horizon Ridge.  Ah, yes, way up in white people land....Anthem...home of range rovers and trendy haircuts for your dog.  $41.46 got us a croissant sammy, a waffle for my boy, a latte, some sliders, some sweet potato fries, and a carrot bar.  We only came here because there was an hour wait at Kitchen Table which is just down the road. 


$10.75 Croissant Sammy has thick apple wood smoked bacon, sharp cheddar, over hard egg, and tender greens.  Lemme just say this...I do not like fried eggs and I don't particularly care for bacon but this sammy was delicious.  The bacon was thick and salty, the egg was rich and creamy, the croissant was flaky and hot, and the small salad that came with it was perfect for breaking up the richness of the sandwich.  I loved every bite.  My favorite part was probably the itsy bitsy teensy-weensie potato chips on top of the salad.  It's little surprises like that that take this place from 4 to 5 stars IMO.  

$14.95 grass fed beef sliders have truffled peccorino cheese, caramelized onion, arugula pesto aoli, and microgreens on a house-made potato roll.  The flavor on these things is out-of-this-world tasty.  Slightly sweet, beefy, tender, and perfect with their soft little potato rolls.  Plus, I'll eat anything with microgreens on it cuz' they are fancy *pinkies up*.  The sweet potato fries were average but the maple bacon aoli is creamy and tangy and wonderful.  

$3.95 carrot bar is....OMG.....so delicious!  Dense, spicy carrot cake is topped with the most creamy, decadent cream cheese frosting, a tasty brittle of some sort, and white chocolate "leaves".  Definitely one of the best desserts I've ever tried.  Their case full of pastries is absolutely stunning and they all look amazing.  

The best part about this place is the incredibly attentive service.  The moment we were done with the carrot bar our entrees came out.  The moment we were done with the entrees the plates were cleared and the check brought.  I'll be coming back here, mark my words.笑
This is my new favorite local breakfast & lunch spot!  Everything I've tried so far off the menu was healthy, fresh AND DELICIOUS!!!!  Definitely going back soon & perfect time to enjoy their patio!!笑
This place is good, but I wouldn't go out of my way to eat here. Review as follows ~ 

ATMOSPHERE: 5/5
The place was clean and really cute. I loved all the plants, the quote decals on the wall, and the entire aesthetic.
 
FOOD: 4/5
My boyfriend ordered the short rib hash, and I got the butternut squash hash. We ordered the strawberry shortcake pancakes to share and the affogato for dessert.

The sweet potato hash is a healthy, vegetarian option. My boyfriend said it tasted like the healthy version of his short rib hash lol. The eggs were slightly overcooked, and the flavors weren't as strong as I would have liked but it was good, simple, and made with quality ingredients. 

The strawberry shortcake pancakes were good, but mostly because of the house made whipped cream which was the literal best.

The affogato (vanilla bean gelato and a shot of espresso) was also super yummy. 

PRICING: 5/5
I thought the pricing was super reasonable for the quality and quantity of food.

SERVICE: 3/5
Our server was really friendly, but also super slow. It wasn't his fault, since they seemed understaffed and they had a help wanted sign, but it was frustrating though. It took progressively longer to get drinks, take our order, and get our food. There was no time to check up on us, and we waited 20 minutes to get our check and to receive to-go boxes. 

OVERALL: 4/5
Overall, it felt like this place is a step up from Greens and Proteins. They have healthy and simple options, made with quality ingredients. But their service was slow, and it kind of soured the experience. I'd come back, but only if it was convenient.笑
I have been wanting to check this place out for a while. Their dinner pics on Instagram are fantastic! However, on this visit I was enjoying their breakfast.

We were seated right away even though half our party was running a little behind which I appreciated since most places make you wait. 

They have 3 flavors of mimosas. Blood Orange, Pomegranate, & ???. And, you can enjoy one for $8 or go bottomless for $16. I went with a single blood orange. It was a pretty color and I liked the glass, but I would have appreciated more orange flavor. I debated switching to the pomegranate and soldiering on, but I went the responsible route and ordered a coffee. I have to say, the coffee was a bit strong for my taste, but of you're a Starbucks fan you'll probably love it.

For entrées, I had the Breakfast Sammy which is basically a bacon, egg, & cheese croissant. My husband had the Short Rib Hash. Our friends had the Smoked Salmon Sandwich & the Carnitas Omelette.

My breakfast sandwich was a little bit small, but cooked to perfection. I prefer my bacon crispy rather than chewy which it was. The croissant was flaky and buttery. Egg was over hard. And, cheese was ooey & gooey. It came with a good sized salad topped with a few house made chips. I'd probably order it again on my next breakfast visit.

My husband loved the Short Rib Hash, but we felt like it wasn't actually a "hash". It was shredded meat over some smashed potatoes. Delicious, but not a hash in the traditional sense. He opted to add a poached egg on top, too.

Our friends enjoyed their selections as well!!

This place is a bright, clean, and really cute breakfast spot. However, the standout for me on this visit was our exceptional server, Jeffrey. He had at least 4 tables of 4 people and was charming and attentive to every single one of them. It was one of those flawless experiences where the server is there every time you need them, so you want for nothing and never feel neglected...and at the same time, they aren't hovering or being annoying. Every server everywhere should take a lesson!! 

We split our check and the tip with our friends...and Jeffrey's service was so exceptional I asked my husband if he had any cash so we could leave him extra.

I, also, noticed the manager checking in with each table. I wish we hadn't been so into our conversation because I usually make a point of alerting management to good service experiences when they stand out, but I didn't.

This was one of the best dining experiences I have had this year! Now, more than ever, I am excited to try their dinner menu!!笑
Excellent food. I had the crab & citrus salad. My plate could of been bigger. The portion was perfect but the lettuce leaves were huge and i could barely cut it without it falling all over the table. Coffee was great. I would definitely go back and try more items.笑
This is my third time visiting CRAFTkitchen and it is consistent. Consistently good. The menu is unique, the space has a hip and urban feel and I love this place! My husband and I were having a Valentine's Day brunch. It was the perfect spot for a cute little brunch. 

We got the Short Rib Hash (braised short ribs, smashed potatoes, roasted sweet onions and peppers) and I got the Salmon Benny (pan roasted farm raised Sapphire Salmon with sauteed organic baby spinach, tomatoes, two cage free poached eggs, fried capers and side citrus Hollandaise). The Short Rib was ridiculously tasty and all the flavors were elevated with the roasted onions and peppers. And the Short rib was perfection, moist and cooked just right. So much flavor!!! The Salmon Benny was a good pick too since Eggs Benedict is one of my favorite dishes. I felt the dish needed more flavor, it was a bit bland. I added a bit of salt and the citrus hollandaise was a nice and light addition to the dish. We really wanted to try the bread pudding dessert but we were too full. Next time. You bet we'll be back!

5/26/17: Came for brunch and everything was great as usual. Had kids with us this time and CRAFTkitchen had a coloring page with crayons, this is always an ice addition to keep kids busy. I was also very impressed with the kids food presentation too.笑
We had an oatmeal cookie which is the best one I've ever had, and No it was not hard, so try the cookies! I had the croque monsieur sandwich, which has the sauce inside--then they grill it as a pressed sandwich. You really need a fairly soft bread for panini and the whole thing was perfect. I took half home. Yes, it's pricier than Eggworks directly across the street, but it's a totally different food experience, worth the bit of extra money.笑
After hearing a lot of good things about this place, I finally had a chance to try it out. 

As soon as I entered, I loved the setting already. Very spacious for the most part and very clean. The hostess was super attentive which was nice. Got seated right away. 

One word to describe the food of this place? YUMMY! 
I definitely had a hard time choosing what to eat here since everything looked so interesting and good! I ended up choosing the pulled turkey benny with a poached egg on top and a side of truffle fries because the cravings were real. My friend ended up getting the turkey burger with no jalapeños. 

The pulled turkey benny was really tasty especially with the side of hollandaise sauce to dip it in. The sauce was very lemony which to me balanced all the flavors with the benny. The turkey burger, when it first came out, looked very plain until we saw the avocado spread, cheese, and sauce. Super juicy patty and very well balanced with the flavor as well. 

Overall, I really loved this spot and would definitely try it again. Maybe for their happy hours on Fridays starting at 4pm will be next on my list. Can't wait to come back to this place!笑
Ok the chorizo shepherds pie was fantastic! I actually had them add some cheese, because I'm a cheese whore! My friend had the Sammy and said it was also fantastic! I plan on coming back, because there's so much more on the menu that I want to try.笑
First time coming here and definitely won't be my last! Everything was amazing, all the way from the location, the environment and decor inside, the nice lady greeting us at the door, and our amazing server, Shawna! Highly recommend this place if you're a breakfast lover like myself!笑
This is my first time here and I cannot say enough good things about it!! My mother and I ordered the Farmer's Market Stack and the Wild Mushroom and Garlic Quiche. Umm WOW! They were both fantastic to say the least. 

Not only is the food amazing, but the atmosphere and level of customer service you receive while dining provides you with that local business vibe. 

Definitely a must try!笑
We are SO happy this place opened ! The food, atmosphere, coffee is great. The owners are also wonderful. We are thrilled to have an alternative to Sbucks in the morning, too !!!!!笑
Came here for lunch today while I waited for my car to get washed across the street. I had actually been wanting to come here for brunch for quite sometime,but for some reason I always end up at Kitchen Table. I was greeted immediately by a very courteous young man who seated me promptly at the table I requested. A few minutes later an Asian waiter came to take my order. I requested the croque Monsieur be made a croque Madame and I also ordered a side of truffle fries with a small orange juice . All the food was very tasty (with the exception of the bread on the croque I was not a fan) and the oj was very fresh of course. The only reason why I gave this spot three stars and not 4 was because after my waiter took my order, I never saw him again. I had to get up and ask for whatever I needed and at the end of my meal get up and ask for my check. In defense of the staff EVERYONE ELSE other than my waiter was fantastic and very attentive. Perhaps he went on break? Maybe he should've let someone know?笑
I wasn't too impressed by CRAFTkitchen. 

The food was definitely very unique and delicious. I ordered the smoked salmon on the pretzel roll and was surprised with how much salmon it came with. I thought my dish was worth the price, however, my friends ordered avocado on toast and chicken & waffles, and their portions were really small. 

They had 3 desserts on the menu. The apple cobbler with vanilla ice cream seemed the most appetizing, but the service took too long so we didn't order it. They also have various baked goods and desserts near the front register, but again they are on the pricer side. 

Overall, the food was great and the presentation was beautiful,  but they can work on their service. We waited almost 25 minutes for our check and our server didn't bother to ask us about dessert.笑
CRAFT Kitchen's Salmon Benny is carefully prepared and truly delicious. Fresh-squeezed orange juice & fresh fruit plate = tasty, refreshing additions. Coffee is brewed 1 cup at a time, and the refill came without asking. CRAFT Kitchen gets it right!笑
After reading reviews from Rod U. and Norm K. I instantly knew that I had to try here. Being that we were at the M's Spa and Casino, Craft Kitchen was just less than 10 minutes away. With indoor and outdoor seating the minute you set foot inside you can just smell the fresh brewed coffee. I'm in love with this place already.

I tried the Italian Melt sandwich on this visit, mixed meats between a soft bread. It's has to be up there with one of the Best sandwich melts I've eaten in a long time. The salad that comes with the dish had their special dressing, a peach vinaigrette, light wonderful flavor. Couldn't eat a sammie without an order of Truffle Fries, Yum! 

Simply love the vibe of the eatery, very clean and it has a healthy feel to it. There are some Gluten free choices,but I love that they serve filtered water along with filtered ice, now that's how you do it right!

Jenna our waitress should get 5 Stars alone, she's energetic, friendly and "Absolutely" fantastic! Make sure you catch her here on Wednesday and Thursdays, the two days she works. You can just feed off her energy, who needs caffeine.. Lol 

One of those hidden Gems in Henderson, I will be back to eat more delicious eats from here.笑
As the Yelp reviews suggest, this is a wonderful place to eat. Teresa was awesome and made our experience here the best!  We had the pecan sticky bun, chorizo scramble, and a side of bacon and coffee. It was all fantastic!!  We will be back again before we leave the area.笑
We came in for Easter Sunday Brunch and it was amazing! The food was delicious (as usual!). We opted for the bottomless mimosa and got to try the pomegranate and blood orange mimosa... So yummy!!! The starters, salads, and entrees were very good; but the dessert was off the charts! So much creativity and you can tell love goes into each piece food笑
IG has been blowing up with great shots of CRAFTKitchen's new Friday-exclusive "happy hour" menu. The curated list of savory, sharable dishes warranted a group visit because everything sounded so good. Eight of us ordered and shared the majority of the menu, including all four dessert options plus a stop by the pastry case on our way out the door. Go big or go home, right?

HITS: You can't miss the cheese plate. Great price, great selection, the bleu with walnuts was my favorite cheese but they were all thoughtfully selected and played nicely against each other. The smoked wings have a great presentation and are full of flavor. Pretzels and beer cheese are amazing, and the order is so huge you'll have to share it even if you don't want to. I hogged the Manila Clams for myself, with pork and a great white wine broth I wanted to drink like soup! The Grilled Artichoke dish was small but tender and well-executed with a great roasted garlic aioli that it didn't need but was wonderful nonetheless.

IF YOU HAVE ROOM: Almost everything we had was stellar but if you can't order everything, prioritize what's above. Otherwise, order the Bone Marrow, because duh, it's bone marrow. Fun presentation. CK Meatballs were moist with a robust sauce and ample ricotta. The Chopped Crunchy Salad has an amazing green goddess dressing that made it stand out from the Beet Salad and Heirloom Tomato Salad of the "healthy" / vegetarian options. The tempura shrimp was nice and light, bed of shredded lettuce underneath makes this passable as a salad for solo-diners. The Fried Polenta Sticks had great texture but I thought I'd like them more than I actually did. Perhaps by that point I was already overwhelmed by everything else I'd tried.

DESSERTS: Yes, this warrants a separate category. There's an affogato and a nice creme brulee available, but you really want to go for the Mason Jar Magic Bar and/or the Sticky Toffee Cake (in that order). The jar is layered with tons of textures and flavors, as if you're straight-up raiding the chocolate aisle or your mom's baking cabinet. It works! The cake in the STC was nice but I was missing the robust sticky toffee elements that originally made me gravitate toward this option.

Chef Jaret and the staff at CK are doing some great things here in Henderson! Looking forward to more visits to try the couple of things I missed (hello, CK burger!) and maybe try one of their pairing meals for a date night.笑
While their cafe latte is good, it has too much foam for my taste, the foam fills about 1/3 of the cup, when I asked them they told me it's normal, but I think it's just their poor excuse, if I want that many foam, I might as well get cappuchino, get it only if you like a cheaper cappuccino.

I like the avocado bread, so no complain on that one, and we got another pork hash that was quite a disappointment, I know they maybe are trying to be healthy, but there's literally no taste in it at all.....and way over priced for the amount of pork we got, we went to DW Bistro sunday brunch and we can get their pork hash for exact same price with super tasty sauce on it and portion is almost 3 times as much.  I just feel the restaurant is a bit pretentious....really good decoration inside though...笑
今日好勇敢，叫咗個藜麥餅(Farmers Market Stack)做早餐！藜麥係非常有益嘅食物，點有益法可以自己去google睇下，以前當飯咁食過幾次，好難食，好強草味，好艱難先食得完！今次再試係對個廚師有期望，碟嘢賣相一流，食落有啲似蘿蔔糕，煮法係意式，所以係意式蘿蔔糕！好味！又有益！正！笑
Finally got to try this lil gem out ... The ambiance reminded me of a Cali vibe for sure which I'm totally into and then there was the food. I'm all for creating a spin on an old favorite and their pulled pork hash was just that! It was amazing... I added one scrambled and a mimosa  and did a lil work on the laptop while I was at it. I can't wait to go back and try the chicken and waffles笑
Best chicken and waffles! And the avocado toast was unique and extremely tasty! Delicious house made coffee. And to top it off our waiter, Jeffrey was so great! I will be going again soon!笑
Not good value for the money. I ordered the lump crab citrus salad. The crab was mixed in I'd venture to disguise just how little of it there was. The avocado dice was so small as to fall off a fork. The dressing was nice, light. But for $14.50 I was disappointed.笑
EAT HERE, I loved it! If I lived in NV I would be a regular. We found this gem on Yelp and took a cab from our conference for a DELICIOUS lunch. Very fresh and healthy food! A great menu (and I am picky) and great service. It was worth the detour before taking a cab to the airport. The coffee and dessert (even had great GF options) must be had too.笑
Stepping into CRAFTkitchen I almost forgot I was still in Henderson. The outdoor seating is cute and if you slouch low enough in your seat you can convince yourself you're in a cute neighborhood and not eating in a parking lot. The restaurant is bright and decorated nicely- a perfect spot for brunch or catching up with friends. Ask for a seat by the window- the bench is cuter and the two person table is cozy and bright. 
Monkey bread: Yes, yes, yes. It's like a cinnamon roll, but better. For only a little over $5 the appetizer was perfect start to our brunch. 
Strawberry lemonade: My first glass was too sour, not enough sweet. Second glass (yes, free refills!) was watered down. It wasn't worth it. Go with the alcoholic drinks instead. 
Croissant Sammy: perfectly buttered croissant with PERFECT strips of bacon. The "salad" on the side was just leaves, light dressing and little chips on top. It was a nice touch, but it was too small to consider it a side. 
Short rib hash: The short ribs were flavored nicely and the dish was filling. However, I liked the croissant sammy better. 

There is a glass case with tons of cakes/cookies/macaroons for those who want to just stop in and take out. Closed off room in the back for big parties. 
They serve breakfast all day. However, they close early so don't forget to check the time before you go!笑
Craft Kitchen is a neighborhood cafe and bakery. Committed to all things local and organic and featuring comfort dishes ranging from "Buttermilk Fried Chicken, Short Rib Hash and the Turkey Benny. The bakery also has luscious cakes and mini desserts to sink your teeth into. 
I like the stuff they carry on the menu, the Short Rib Hash caught my eye. It's braised short ribs, potatoes, roasted sweet onions and peppers with an egg on top. Simply fabulous, the meat was tender and juicy. Potatoes had a good crisp on them and the egg just held everything together. 

The Red Velvet Pancakes was tasteful and pretty, with generous amount of cream cheese spread around. I finished it rather quickly, the portion I think could've been bigger.
They have great desserts one in particular is the brownie cookie bar, it's so chewy and chocolaty also it's exquisite with ice cream. 
 
The layout of the place is nice had a delightful and spacious ambiance. I came in around noon it was crowded and I still didn't have to wait to sit down. The staff does a good job providing great service, in particular Vanessa is super friendly it was her suggestion to get the chocolate bar. 

Overall, this is a great replacement from the Bread & Butter cafe that used to be there.笑
Trendy. A bit "hipster." And a little pricey, but it's not bad! I'd recommend. 

Food = 4.5/5
Service = 4/5
Decorations = 5/5 (LOVE IT!)

Overall, this place is pretty cute and a nice addition to Henderson. It's super hipster and the place definitely gives off a trendy-vibe. We got seated quickly, but unfortunately, we had to wait awhile to get our food. This "long-wait" system has happened on two separate occasions. It took us awhile to get our orders in. If they fix it, I wouldn't mind changing this to a "five-star" place because the food is pretty darn good! 

We got the Red Velvet pancakes and the Chicken & Waffles (they call it a different name) and these were beyond delicious as entrees. I wish the fried chicken had a bit more seasoning because it tasted a bit bland, but the syrup and waffle, as well as white meat made up for it. The Red Velvet pancakes are great, but I wouldn't just order that as a meal. We ordered a plate for our party to share, which turned out pretty well. I also ordered a side of Truffle fries, which was super delicious. The fries were crispy, thin and just downright amazing. 

If you're going to be drinking, I'd also reccomend the bottomless mimosas deal for $16 bucks.笑
If this review was based on food quality alone, CRAFTkitchen would get 5 stars. The service would get 1 star. Our server, JP, took our food and drink orders and we didn't see him again until he brought out the check. He didn't check on us one time throughout the entire meal...no coffee refill (he did refill my water once right before handing us the check so I'll give him that) nor at any time did he ask how the food was or see if we needed anything additional. I even had to go to the hostess stand myself to get an additional set of silverware. I would go again, but I'd make sure I had a different server. 
Now the food...pretty darn good! Presentation and flavor was definitely worth it. Wish the service had matched the quality of the food.笑
I ate lunch here today and am still overwhelmed by how unique and delicious the food is!  VERY friendly and efficient staff, and the food is MORE than worth the money!  It's sort of like healthy meets the Southern U.S. and France.  We tried a little of everything and it was all amazing!  The desserts are beautiful and divine....笑
CRAFTKitchen has an amazing concept. They have a unique take on all their dishes and most ingredients are locally grown. The menu changes every so often which gives regulars a change to experience something new. I know that concept has kept me coming back! I've tried both breakfast and lunch and have been completely satisfied every time. The only criticism I have is that I've had to wait about 15/20 minutes every time I've gone. Also, I once was completely forgotten about by my waiter, which was frustrating, however the owner noticed and came over and took care of everything. I would definitely recommend this place to anyone wanting to try something different for brunch!笑
We stopped by here for brunch today before dropping 2 friends at the airport for their flight home. We were seated immediately and were pleased to learn that we could order from either the early or later menu. We enjoyed every bite of our meals: from the brulee oatmeal to the pulled turkey benedict to the beef sandwich to the amazing short-rib hash (I will be dreaming of those potatoes!), there just wasn't anything negative to say. It was all delicious, fresh, attractively presented, and "cheffy" but not in a pretentious way, if that makes any sense. And to think that I almost skipped having a cup of coffee: that would have been a major mistake on my part!

Our server and the counter staff were all personable and helpful. We had a delightful meal in every respect (and it was very reasonably priced for what we received).

(My single complaint has nothing to do with the food. Try as I might, I could not get comfortable on the metal chair I was seated on. Perhaps the seat itself is too deep for me; I found I could not reach the chair back without slouching, so I ended up slid forward to the edge of the seat with no back support.)

I can't believe we waited until now to try CRAFTkitchen! It's close to home and so good that we will be regulars. Highly recommended!笑
Found the best hipster place we could and this place didn't disappoint. Anytime micro greens are added to a dish you know it's good. Avocado toast had alot of avocado so prepare for that but the poached egg brought it togethet. My friend had the quinoa farmers stack which was awesome. Make sure to add a poached egg on top of that for maximum flavor. Lattes were crazy good along with the smashed potatos. They switch out the oil daily (yes I asked) so the flavor was intense and super good. Service was equally awesome and we'll informed笑
Meh. Interesting food, small portions, mediocre service, overpriced

Tried Craft Kitchen today for the first time.  We ordered the chicken and what and also the turkey Benedict. The chicken was tasty,  and the jalapeno on the waffles was a nice touch, but the portions were rather small. Additionally, it was nothing novel or unique compared to the other Chicken and Waffles that I've had in Las Vegas (except being a smaller portion).  Add in the fact that they do not provide you with any of the typical side dishes that you expect with breakfast fare, the price point is undesirable.

The turkey Benedict was interesting. Clearly, the turkey is dry and insipid. While everything is cooked appropriately, and the hollandaise had an interesting Touch of Orange, I wouldn't go back for it again. 

The sausage patty tasted like stuffing you would have at Thanksgiving. While I liked it, it wasn't worth $4.

Finally, the service is pretty terrible. The waitress was inattentive and did not come back to check on the table. She did not come back to do refills on our drinks. I ordered it hot tea, and there was barely enough hot water for half a cup. I consistently had to ask for more hot water.

I am glad I had a chance to try this restaurant, but I will simply just go to Egg Works across the street from now on.笑
Great brunch spot! I had croissant bacon egg and my husband chicken & waffles. Our waiter was super friendly and attentive ( Jeffery) 
We will be back and look for my husbands article on this place in Gaming Today from Marco D'Angelo笑
Good quality. Clean. Fresh squeezed OJ, great coffee, and right up the street from me. Fav.笑
Love this place. Pinterest like vibe to it, very modern but earthy. The menu is very natural and I've had a few things here I definitely like. Their orange juice is fresh squeezed which is a plus for me. The only thing I didn't like was there portion sizes, they were all a bit small for my appetite but still yummy. I just wish I could get a bigger serving, probably wouldn't fill me up 100%.笑
Modern, clean and friendly staff breakfast place. I am a foodie, love good food and willing to pay the price and service. Craftkitchen is nothing special, food is okay and plating is clean but not enough food on the plate to fill your hungry stomach for the price.

Ordered a Red Velvet Pancake (5 little mini ones), a seasonal dish and a cup of tea for one person, cost $34. The portion is very very small. If you expect to leave this place feeling somewhat full, expect to spend more than $30 per person.  

"Chicken and What" comes with 2 mini waffles and 2pcs of small chicken strip. 

"Chorizo Scamble Skillet" the spices for this dish does not go well together. One bite and I will never want to eat it again.

Red Velvet Pancake comes with 5 mini size ones. It's fluffy and small, not worth the money. 

Portion size is good for children. 

You will notice these friendly staff keeps coming to your table asking if you would like dessert or anything else they could get you. The reason is they know you are not going to be full after these small clean looking plate of food. 

If you are on a budget, this is not a place for you. If you want to try something new and different, this is new but not that different to other similar breakfast place. You could get the same kind of food elsewhere, better tasting and fills you up. If you know how to cook, you could make the same dishes for less, healthier and better tasting. You don't have to be a chef to make these dishes. 

When it comes to taste and enjoying a good breakfast, this place is not for me.笑
I have tried many of their lunch items and loved them. They have wine!! ( which is always a nice touch for lunch with girlfriends). Love the gluten free bakery options. Especially the gluten-free pumpkin donut.笑
I love the atmosphere here. It's a pretty restaurant. Very trendy. Great place for breakfast/brunch. I got the pork carnitas omelet. Yummy! This was one of the few times I finished my whole plate! Great portion size for me. My boyfriend got the C.K. special with bacon and turkey sausage. He also finished his entire plate. He said the turkey sausage was amazing!笑
Eclectic menu with prices about 30% higher than comparable restaurants in the area. Lunch with dessert and tip for two people just short of $50.00 (no alcohol). Lunch entrees were tasty; pastries were attractive, but not very good.笑
We tried this place on the advice of the food critic in our local newspaper. She liked it. We felt differently. The facility is clean and cute, but the food was a problem. My entree, a croissant breakfast sandwich, was luke warm and greasy. The bacon was undercooked and there was too much salad served with it. The other entree that was ordered was the pork carnitas omelette, highly recommended. Not a good choice. The entree was barely warm and the pork tasted old. Our coffee selections were no better. The cup of decaf was not hot and tasted like instant coffee right out of one of those jars. My latte was not hot either and was only OK. Any of the local coffee shops near by do a much better job. Guess my point is that the phrase "luke warm and not so good" was the theme of the breakfast we selected. We did not hang around to try any of the pastries, but I am sure any of them would have been better choices that the items we ordered.

We like to support new local restaurants, and I am sad to write a poor review about this one. We will not be going back.笑
Everything about this place is amazing. By far my new favorite brunch place...The service is excellent, the lattes are amazing, and the food leaves your tastebuds screaming for more! Try the monkey bread, turkey Benedict, cheesy grits, and chile verde omelet!!!笑
this place is great! lots of unique combinations. I had a carnitas omelette and my wife had chicken and waffles. Both were incredible. Lots of TLC went into these plates and the taste is spectacular!