A year later and it's still a 4.75 Star from me.  Must try restaurant if you are in Toronto.

We tried everything from our last visit and 3 new additions:

Whole Roasted Trout  (4.75/5):  This is a must try. All the ingredients blending together with the white champagne sauce.  

Tavern Keeper's Duck (4/5): Duck was tender.  Very nice contrast with potatoes and beets.

Ginger Molasses Cake (3/5): This tasted average but looks pretty.  The shortbread at the bottom was bit hard. Ingredients don't quite match IMO.

Overall.  Amazing!  Service was good too.笑
I love the fact that Boralia offered food that are probably hard to find. So it was a great experience foodwise. Am I a big fan of the taste, no. But I love the experience and the presentation of the dish. One major turn-off was the waitress kept on coming to take the dishes away. She was definitely rushing us, for NO REASON. There were nobody waiting in the restaurant. Also they were not close to closing time. Back to the food:
Red Fife Levain Bread & Cultured Butter: One of the best dish I had. But then, it's not that hard to make it great
Venison Liver & Foie Gras Parfait: It was pretty good given that it's liver lol But be careful of that blackcurrant, the taste was sooo strong.
Spiced Scallop Crudo: Definitely my favourite. I couldn't get enough of it!!!
Bison "Pemmican" Bresaola: a lot of people love this dish, I was not a fan. 
Pigeon Pie: It was ok. But if you want to pigeon again, try to have it in a Chinese place. I like the way the Chinese made pigeon better.
Pan-Roasted Elk: I like the side ingredients better than the elk itself.笑
I had a great dinner at Borealia, a new spot that just opened in Ossington. The service was really consistent throughout the night. My favorite dishes were the Kedgeree and the braised whelk. A really interesting, flavorful and well done menu. Don't forget the hot chocolate beignets for dessert. Can't wait to go back!笑
Dinner

Despite returning home from a late lunch given we were in the area so decided to give this homage to Canadiana our support ;)

What we had 
Mussels 
Pigeon Pie 
Okanagan Pinot

Overall food, ambience, value, service: 3.5/5

The dishes were nice but didn't feel compelled to try anymore. As others have pointed out given it is Canadiana the paucity of options for Canadian wines by the glass is strange. But a cursory glance seemed to indicate the same trend for bottles as well. I believe the Hart House Gallery Grill in Toronto has at least an equally interesting selection of Cdn inspired deserts :) 

Final word: Nice. But don't get what all the buzz is about on the Star, The Globe and Joanne Kate's List. Unlikely to repeat anytime soon.笑
My table ordered all of the items on the menu, some things twice. Every single item was amazing. 

Some of the standout items for myself were the pan-roasted elk, sweetbreads & peas and the Venison tartare. 

They have a large selection of local drinks including beers and ciders. Its quite a friendly atmosphere and the head chef is often walking around. Gives you an opportunity to tell him how good their food is! 

Mind you, everything else was amazing as well. As for presentation; it was as pretty as the taste of the food. 

Visit this restaurant and you will not be disappointed!笑
American food-- definitely not typically my thing (burgers, apple pie...fried chicken, though maybe that's more Southern, which is American, but different... We are really not that complex in the states, believe me) and so I was wondering what Canadian specialties were like (beyond poutine, that is). When my local experts clued me in and suggested we hit up Boralia, I was skeptical only because I'm vegan and the menu seems to be extremely meat-oriented. "They have vegan options," I was assured. "The chef is legit." Sold. 

What a phenomenal little restaurant this is, friends. It's super dark, with lovely atmosphere and divine food/cocktails/wine. I would think it would be the ultimate date spot, as you feel you're dining in secret, holed up in a cozy, dimly lit booth. 

My friends told me to get the mushroom dish. Zounds! This plate of mushrooms about made me weep! I tried to eat it delicately but ended up gorging the entire thing down. My god. Ruined for mushrooms forever! A texture party going on with this: crunchy, chewy, melt-in-your mouth. Well done, Boralia. I don't normally get this excited about mushrooms. In fact, I avoid Portobello mushrooms at all costs (none in Boralia's mushroom plate).

We were greeted and attended to at first by Evelyn, the fabulous owner of this establishment. When I informed her that I was vegan, she spoke with the chef and then told me he could make a dish of rye berries with a roasted beet. I realize this sounds a lot less exciting than the dish actually is. Although the mushroom plate stole my taste buds, heart and possibly even soul, the special vegan entree that was made for me was flavorful and unique. Definitely not something I'd ever make at home. I'm not into beets, but this one was marinated and roasted well and it complimented the chewy rye berries quite well. 

Also wanted to note that the service here is all-around excellent! It's so nice to be greeted and attended to by a really cool, passionate owner (you can tell how much love goes into the entire operation) and our server was also quite lovely as well, super knowledgable about everything and attentive to our needs (drinks... more drinks. heheheh)

Boralia tops my list for dinner experiences in Toronto so far. Strongly recommended!笑
Great little restaurant with good food, though it takes some time to come out of the kitchen.

Highlights: the butter that comes with the red fife bread, braised whelk (esp. the sauce), kedgeree (though I wasn't personally a fan of pairing it with rice crackers)

Pigeon pie could have used more pigeon, but the squab breast was roasted perfectly.笑
Eyes rolling into the back of your head  AMAZING. Literally  every  dish ordered was amazing, even from the most unassuming mushroom salad to the foie gras. ... cannot WAIT to go back!笑
This was one of the best dining experiences I've had in a long time, and a welcome addition to the Ossington strip. Borealia more than holds its own against the other fantastic restaurants in the area. 

The one common trait that you will notice permeating the entire experience that is Borealia is a fantastic attention to detail. From the copper sheet borealis light fixture (clever!), to the tasty cocktails, to the nuanced flavours in all their dishes - no detail has been overlooked, no effort has been spared.

Starting with the appetizers, there are 3. I will make it easy for you. Get all three! You won't regret it. 

Best Appetizer: The real standout was the deviled Chinese tea eggs with sweet soy. The addition of Chinese sausage on the top really paired nicely with the sweet soy, the perfect balance of sweet and savory - reminded me ever so slightly of maple bacon.

Most Visually Interesting: The mussels came in a pine needle smoked-filled cloche that was opened table-side. The scent was fantastic, and will conjure up cozy memories of campfires. The real scene stealer of this dish though was the pine ash butter sauce the mussels are served with. I would strongly recommend you pair the mussels with an order of the red fife bread to soak up all the leftover saucy goodness. 

WARNING: Now about this red fife bread + butter combo. If you are someone who has had problems with substance addiction in the past, tread carefully. The buttery half of this app is sprinkled with a powdered caramel onion concoction that I can only assume is cocaine based. It is too ridiculously good. You will have to resist the urge of spooning butter directly to mouth (or don't - I'm not judging).

XY Top Pick: Get the whelk. This was the standout dish for me. I'm pretty sure when the Greek's talk about ambrosia, they are talking about the beurre blanc that fills the shell the whelk was served in. Nectar of the butter gods!
Runner-up was the pigeon + squab pie.

XX Top Pick: The gf knows a thing or two about pierogies, and this dish was making it happen for her. Would recommend you have the pigeon pie and chase that with the pierogies. The pierogies provide a nice, light, counter-point to the heavyweight dish that is the pigeon pie. Good way to end the nomnom train.

Desserts: I'll keep this short. Like the appetizers, just get all 3.
- Louisbourg beignets: Do it already! They are outstanding and taste exactly like the description reads. Burnt my tongue eating these and I'd gladly do it again. Sorry tongue!
- Apple Tart: More like a tasty, slightly thicker apple sauce than a sorbet. Fantastic crunchy oatmeal bottom. Flavour and differences in texture were fantastic. Scraped that cup clean!
- Bavarois Strawberries: Totally not what we were expecting from the description. It's very light and airy. The Madeira gel on the top is not a pairing I expected but it totally worked.

Thirsty? Drink liberally of the Sorrel Switched cocktail. It's delicious and a must if you are a fan of ginger beer like I am. Not sold yet, talk to Jason the bartender -  knowledgeable and friendly, he'll take care of you.

Repeat? Duh! Thanks for upping the food-game in T.dot Borealia!笑
Loved it! Went here for their New Year's Eve prix fixe dinner. The salmon and mussels we had were outstanding and they certainly know how to source the highest-quality seafood. All the dishes are inspired from historic foods across Canada. I think this is a really neat concept and a great addition to the Ossington Strip. Looking forward to returning for their regular dinner service.笑
With such glowing recommendations, Boralia had been top of my hit list for months. Their aboriginal inspired native food seemed to be all the rave but sadly we left underwhelmed and still hungry. 

A small and intimate restaurant on the Ossington strip, reservations could be hard to come by and our party of 7 had a strict 2.5 hours reso timeframe to follow. We practically ordered the full menu:

- Smoked mussels ($17): intriguing presentation of their mussels concealed by a cloud of smoke. The smokey taste was interesting but the mussels were too skinny and lacked their sweet juiciness.

- Cured trout over cedar branches ($15): again nice presentation but it ends about there.. The trout was tough and bland and the pieces were tiny.

- Venison and foie gras parfait ($15): if there was one thing I'd recommend it would be this - definitely the best dish we had from the menu. The foie gras parfait was sweet, light, silky and had a meaty savoury tanginess to it. 

- Pan roasted elk ($16): this was very tender with a great sear on them and worth trying as elk is not a regular menu item. 

- Pigeon pie ($24): first time having pigeon pie and I can't say I'm looking forward to the second. Literally just tasted like a regular meat pie.. And at $24 for a small pie it was quite forgettable.

There were some good dishes but nothing jumped out as a show stopper. Overall be prepared for small and dainty dishes that will take many plates (and $$) to fill you up. We also felt like it was a rushed dining experience and we were reminded to stick within our timeframe at various times. Really wanted to support an authentic Canadian cuisine but the meal just didn't deliver the experience we were hoping for.笑
Canada is somewhat lacking in it's national food identity.  But, after eating at Boralia in the Toronto community of Ossington, there are now a whole bunch of foods/plates that I previously took for granted and now realize are Canadian... things that pulled out tastes and memories from my childhood: rabbit sausage, beets, elk, pine smoked mussels, devilled eggs, scallops in cucumber water....etc. The inspiration Boralia is hunter/gatherer "Aboriginal and Historical Canadian Food" but many of the smells, ingredients, and seasonings are so engrained into daily Canadian cuisine that I had difficulty separating out the historical component. 

Every bite at Boralia had incredible depth. This is especially true for the pine smoked mussels. For our visit, the mussels came from the St. Lawrence and the pine smoke brought back memories of camp fires, clam bakes, and summer camp. The experience created a pleasant "childhood memories" conversation that made it really easy to get to know the people at the table and their personal history.

The menu is served in a very unpretentious way and they were incredibly accommodating of my gluten allergy. With a day's warning were able to produce alternatives to the set menu that didn't leave me feeling left out. 

I will say that the restaurant is pricey... but completely worth it. They periodically have pemmican on the menu... I will be back to try the pemmican.笑
Given Boralia was one of the most raved about new restaurants of 2015, I had to try it out! I had no problems making reservations online (always a plus!) for a group of 4 at 6:30PM on a Thursday. 

The service is great, and my water glass is never empty. The restaurant fits about 45 people, and we were comfortably seated at a 4 person booth with padded benches. The environment is casual, comfortable, and gives you a warm welcoming feeling of eating at your neighbors house. 

Food: Half of the food I had were spectacular, but the other half was just okay. Here are my favorites, followed by the rest.

L'eclade (mussles) - UNIQUE! Definitely recommend this! The mussels are done in a delicious white wine broth. It comes covered by a large glass lid, where you can see the cloud of smoke. When uncovered, the air was filled with a fresh scent of pine needles. As a fan of gastronomy, I was very impressed!

Ref Fife Levain Bread & Butter - soft, fluffy, doughy bread. STRONGLY RECOMMENDED if you are a fan of bread. Great accompaniment with the mussels. 

Pigeon Pie - DELICIOUS! The crust was well done! Great color to the pie. The contents of the pie was well seasoned, and ever so flavorful! The pie also came with roast squab breast and parsnip, which were equally as flavorful and delicious. 

Grilled Mushroom Salad - light, with contents that make you feel like you foraged through the forest, and created a dish at its finest.

Deviled chinese tea eggs - comes with 3, yummy, but nothing special. 
Chopsuey croquettes - crispy app, well done. 
Spiced Scallop Crudo - Small dish, but refreshing and stimulating to the palette.
Bison "Pemmican" Bresaola - fresh protein, but nothing spectacular. 
 
The only downside was that I left feeling like I could eat more. I will just have to order more next time! I didn't get a chance to try the desserts, so I would definitely go back to try that!笑
Just ordinary.  
Lack of Flavor. 
Over priced. 
Tiny portions. 

The chef spent most of the time decorating the plate without paying too much attention on the food itself. 

The Black Hoof / Foxley offers much better food.

Would not recommend.笑
Really fun Canadian specialties restaurant. Relaxed vibe, good music, open floor plan but small and comfortable. Solid craft cocktail menu, appropriate by the glass wine choices. Style is shared plates...the big winners were the whitefish, the trout, pigeon pie (their specialty), mussels smoked in burning pine needles. Not cheap, but I'd go back.笑
Boralia managed to successfully craft a New Canadian menu that reflects the nations history while embracing contemporary flavors and techniques. Come prepared to expand culinary horizons and try some uncommon ingredients (elk and venison heart to name a few) - the menu is not the for the faint of heart (or stomach). The tapas style menu provides variety and is perfect for sharing. Try to make a reservation in advance to get a standard table instead of one at the crowded and tiny bar area at the back of the place.笑
Inventive, original, flavourful food with good cocktails . This would make a great special occasion restaurant for an anniversary although I just went on an average weekday. We spent about $100 per person but it was worth it. Quality and craftsmanship of the food was very good. Love the Canadian theme to the food, decor is modern but cozy. Service is helpful and knowledgeable.笑
I had dinner here with my husband to celebrate our first wedding anniversary. It was the perfect selection for us as we like to go camping (back-country type) and though Mr N. isn't much of a foodie, dishes based on Canadian heritage got him excited about the resto.  My two most memorable dishes were the mussels and the pigeon pie. The drama of smoke and the scent of the mussel dish really reminded us of a campfire. The pigeon pie had the perfect pie crust and the meat was cooked to perfection.  I almost forgot to mention the bread and butter.  It was well worth the additional cost to our meal. The butter they serve is definitely next level.  Overall, an absolutely delicious experience. The space is very intimate, perfect for a date night.笑
We pretty much ordered the whole menu: Liver & Foie Gras, Grilled Mushroom Salad and L'éclade are by far my favourite. Highly recommend! We sat at the end of the bar (there were 4 of us) and the service was superb.笑
Creative, thoughtful and delectable! There aren't many restaurants in the city that focus on Canadian heritage, let alone are able to put a modern spin on the cuisine with an extremely fulfilling outcome! As a Canadian, it kind of warmed my heart! I had never even heard of most of the items on the menu so I knew I had to go. 

We had two cocktails, four entrees and two desserts. The cocktails were balanced, refined and prepared meticulously. I've rarely seen entrees presented so beautifully. We all know you eat with your eyes first and Boralia hit a grand slam. Elk, ham, squab and bison. Cooked perfectly with a pink and tender middle, with a salty and crispy skin, I love squab. More squab please. 

The desserts were yummy. Nice to finish with a sweet thing but the entrees were where this place surely did shine.笑
We went to Boralia while in Toronto for a quick one night visit and it was awesome. The food is Canadian small plates which was just what we were looking for to cap our Canadian vacation. The atmosphere has a woodland rustic charm while still being light and modern. The chairs are terribly uncomfortable, but I digress. The food was wonderful, well composed dishes. The cocktails my wife and I had, the North of Vermont and the old fashioned, drank well along with dinner. The smoked whitefish and sweetbreads were my favorite of the entrees and the mushroom salad was expertly done as well, a really nice bold, charred dish that can stand up to its meat companions. The elk was cooked a perfect medium rare but lacked seasoning on the meat itself, however the beet and coffee infused radish helped to round things out. The rabbit was new to the menu and still needs a little fine tuning. It is essentially a rabbit eggroll, the rabbit sausage filling is very good but the wrapper is heavy and thick, left the layered folded ends on the plate. The baby fiddleheads accompanying the dish were a welcome sign of spring! To finish off the meal we shared the spiced chocolate beignets that were perfect little pillows of chocolatey goodness. To be honest my critiques are nitpicking due to the overall caliber of food they presented. The staff was very friendly, knowledgeable, and brought the plates out at a sensible pace. Boralia is a great restaurant that I very much enjoyed.笑
By far one of the best new restaurants! There's a story to how each dish came together. From the muscles smoked in pine needles to the whelk to the pigeon pie...absolutely everything was delicious! So delicious that we went there twice in three days because we couldn't stop thinking about all the flavours! Juiciest, most plump muscles...those muscles! Still can't stop thinking about them! 

The people are also pretty great! Evelyn took the time to explain how Borealia came to be. It's a cozy place and I would definitely recommend it! Can't wait to go back!笑
Brilliant birthday dinner at Boralia. A lovely intimate/trendy addition to the Ossington Avenue strip, Boralia focuses on "old Canadian" - i.e. comfort foods and game meats dating back to early settlement times in Canada's trapper-and-hunter history. Besides the clever way the menu cites the inception of each dish in Canada's history, the presentation and flavors were all just shockingly GOOD. 

Started with a couple of cocktails that were reasonably priced and balanced in flavor. We started our food adventure with the chop suey croquettes, not exactly sure what to expect. Get these! They're delicious! They're like the wonderful taste of lo mein noodles and salty sweet umami in a light breaded arancini-esque ball. Actually, that's what I would call it. Asian arancini. It was such a tease!

The menu at Boralia is set up for sharing, so went with the sweetbreads & peas, hellfire salad, rabbit rubaboo and a special that night, pan-roasted duck breast with apples. LOVED the sweetbreads preparation. Sweetbreads - nice word to describe thymus and/or pancreas; acquired taste and absolutely delicious. The peas were actually sweet and complemented the salty sweatbreads, which were glazed with a wonderful garlic miso. Not overcooked. The hellfire salad was sheer bliss: ricotta and corn-stuffed squash blossom. Crunch, light, salty, sweet. A stellar choice if you're looking to cut the heavy meats. The rabbit rubaboo was a wonderful surprise: the "sausage" was more of a rabbit roll-up (similar to rouladin) and seasoned with mushrooms; perfectly complemented with beets. Probably the best preparation of rabbit I've had to date. The duck breast was medium rare, tender, and a generous portion considering the price. We finished the dinner with the hot chocolate beignets. These were awesome (fried dough, chocolate, sugar...can you do wrong?!) but I wanted them to be crispier and lighter. They were on the heavy doughy side. Still, an excellent finisher. 

Boralia provided all the things I'd want in a celebratory date night: inventive food, expert preparation, a variety of flavors, crafted cocktails, excellent wine selection, casual trendy atmosphere and attentive service. Score!笑
For a restaurant that just opened this place sure has its shit together. I could not get over the decor. The service was impeccable. And every dish was an eye opening experience. 

Order everything.笑
Came here with a group of 12 for a birthday dinner. Overall Boralia was a classy experience with unique and tasty food, cool vibes and great service! I'd recommend trying this place if you're looking for a unique dining experience with flavours and ingredients you probably won't see regularly.

The menu is set up tapas style so be prepared to share. We had a large enough group where we basically had everything on the menu. Highlights for me were the Bison, rabbit, elk, and mussel dishes. Flavours were unique and presentation was above par. Portions are quite small though so keep that in mind.

The restaurant itself has unique decorations giving it a sort of great Canadian North type feeling. Service was fine.

I probably won't be coming back too soon since it's quite pricey but would definitely recommend trying!笑
After hearing about how wonderful the food was here and how inexpensive it was, we figured a relaxed Friday meal would fit well.  We booked ahead and awaited what a five star yelp review would contain.

To its benefit, the service was fantastic, and the dishes creative.  It's downfall is the cost and serving size.  A pint of beer will set you back $9-14 each. A plate with three small bites in it will set you back $14-19.  These plates are to share and are meant to be eaten in a dim sum style.  However, after dropping $150 on a group of four, everyone was still starving.  The waitress then quipped that the average group ordered double what we did.  I went home and made myself a full dinner.

My recommendation:  Eat before you go.  This should only be a place to go for a small bite among friends who have time and money to burn.  It is not a place to go for a meal.笑
Food wasn't good. Had to send back a plate of the smoked trout we couldn't even get it down. 

Was really disappointed... as we had heard the reviews were so great :(

Nothing "historical" to it.

Decor was super all over the map. 

Very unremarkable.笑
This is a bit of a pretentious place. 
There was no response to my attempt to make a telephone reservation and when I went online to book, I found you have to register for yet another booking engine with password etc.

We started with the croquettes, fine, not that interesting, but good as a starter while waiting, They had a slightly crunchy texture which appealed.
The spiced scallop crudo was characterless. Thin slivers of scallop slopping around in indistinct liquid with little notches of vegetables and thin slivers of hot pepper.
The mussels with the billowing smoke are different and are a feature. The mussels themselves were excellent. The smoke flavour infused itself into the liquid in which they were cooked.
The venison liver came as a soft mousse with wonderfully crisp paper-thin bread to eat it with. Definitely worthwhile.
The squash was very pretty as a dish and had mild lamb filling which was worth trying.
The small pieces of elk with a peculiar partially cooked egg in the centre didn't really work for me. I couldn't really tell it was elk from any other meat, and combining with slightly raw egg albeit in a sort of croquette was a disappointment.
The pigeon pie was excellent, salty, but the pastry was lovely. This is worth a try.
The rhubarb tart to finish was excellent. Whoever is doing the pastry knows their stuff.

The wine list is standard, rather heavy on the Ontario and Italian wines.
The music was awful and did not fit the locale, from time to time it turned up too loud.
The service was excellent, well-informed and enthusiastic.

If you are looking for somewhere a little bit different then this is worthwhile trying. You need to make reservations well in advance of the moment because it's an "in place".笑
Every bite is a surprise to your taste buds and a feast for the eye. No dish chosen has ever disappointed me and both times visited we let the waiter actually pick our dishes for us as a "surprise me" while we let go of control and indulge in culinary adventure. Recipes inspired by vintage Canadian cook books with a twist of modern adaptation and artistic presentations. 

 (*) Ask for scallops topped with Canadian sturgeon caviar and crushed ice. You never had anything quite like that, guaranteed. 

Rhubarb desert is a multilayered sweet  fiesta. Highly recommended!笑
Wonderful meal! What a novel concept for a restaurant, and they really manage to pull it off. We sampled many of their menu options and all were very well executed. The chestnut spätzle and the pickled mushroom salad really stand out as a couple of my favourites. Wish we had room for dessert!
Can't wait to return!笑
Came here for dinner on a Friday night for a corporate event and wow! Once you walk in the smell of the kitchen is already tempting

For cocktails, I started with ginger pear spritz, it was sweet and refreshing with a sprig of rosemary. I also had the lemon sage iced tea, it was again refreshing and everyone raved about them for the night. 

There were passed canapes, the uni panna cotta on brioche bread was amazing, the taste of uni was strong and fresh. the chedda beignets were warm and super cheesy and the rabbit dumplings wrapped in cabbage was moist and packed a big flavour for a small bite. 

For appetizer I got the grilled quail bread and fried leg. The quail was perfectly done and had the smokey grill flavour, and the fried leg was salty and crispy. The fried corn grits on the side were also perfect, crispy on the outside and soft and creamy on the inside. 

The main I got the beef strip loin with beef cheek cottage pie. The loin was a medium rare and cooked perfectly, not chewy or dry. The beef cheek was so soft you didnt even need a knife with the creamy mashed potatoes on top. Everything was seasoned perfectly, nothing was too salty or under seasoned. For dessert I got the chocolate potato cake, it was a solid cake and no complaints. The blueberry clafoutis was warm and not that sweet but this was the least memorable dish.

The service was attentive and friendly. Would love to return one day to try the rest of their menu. This is definitely one of the best places in Toronto!笑
A little over priced. Recommended 2 dish per person. However, that's not gonna filled you up. Food is okay. Foie, mushroom salad and Beignets are good. scallop is disappointing. Whelk and the pigeon pie...could be an acquired taste for those who like them.

I guess this is just not for me. It sounds like all other reviewers enjoyed it.:/笑
So much hype around this restaurant but, put it this way: nothing on the menu at boralia is something I have ever craved or gone out of my way to eat. That's because it's all early Canadian settler fare I had no idea existed... The good news is that most of it is actually really good. Went a couple months ago and I am still thinking about the devilled Chinese tea eggs to this day. Order them, as well as the mussels smoked in pine needles and bison tartare. But besides the handful of standout menu items, I feel like I learned a lot about Canadian/northern food from my visit to boralia. It made the experience feel different and more significant than a regular restaurant visit. The food did not blow my mind, but it was very good and I walked away feeling like the hype made sense. Over all, the experience was worth it.笑
What an exquisite surprise! My girlfriend and I stumbled on to Borealia through yelp and after hearing her read me the menu out loud I quickly followed with 'We're going'. Naturally  when we called they had no reservations and were quite booked, so we got there when they opened to assure ourselves a couple of seats and the bar. The restaurant already had two patrons and filled up fast very close there after. And for good reason. 

Now, I read the only bad review on here and I'll agree the price tag is high but it saddens me that the reviewer didn't know that going in. They just simply sound cheap, to be honest, and their complaint about portion size, means to me, that they had no place in this restaurant to begin with. They're better suited for a place like the Cheesecake Factory...or something obnoxious like that. 

This is fine dining. The portions are elegant and executed perfectly. There's no reason to leave anywhere feeling 'stuffed' but you are certainly satiated at Borealia. Look at the photos for yourself. This place feeds you and it feeds you well. 

I always try hard to criticize every dish I eat in some way, but I can't. They took a lovely concept, added modern complexity and finesse, and succeed. I will say however when I ordered my first cocktail and I didn't find it to my liking the bartender looked a little offended. Because I look so young I gave him a pass. Maybe he though I was just trying to get a freebie. But his next drink was exactly what I wanted and the service from then on was amazing. 

A note to the restaurant: The desserts were tasty but seemed like Chef Desserts and not Pastry Chef Desserts. Delicious none the less but it would be nice to see some exceptional things on that list like the rest of the menu.笑
Everything was just fantastic. Boralia manages to surprise and entertain you at every turn, and with every dish. A great meal should be an event, and that it certainly is here. I will be returning. 

Also, be sure to order the mussels!笑
Fantastic food!  Wonderful, complex and delicious flavors that are what I would get  at a five star restaurant at triple the price.笑
Beautiful Boralia.*

They're serving up Aboriginal and historical Canadian-inspired dishes in a cozy atmosphere with a boss wine, beer and cocktail list. Believe the hype, this place is a lovely choice for a fancy meal. Yes, it is a tad pricy, but it's definitely worth every penny. 

My party thoroughly enjoyed the deviled eggs, pierogies, mushroom salad, mussels, sweetbreads and beignet dessert. I would go into detail about the flavours, the plating, the care, but I feel I can't do it justice. So just trust. Trust that this is a haven on the ever-bro-ing Ossington strip. 

*Said like Colin Firth saying "Beautiful Auralia" in Love Actually. Too deep of a cut?笑
I went with a group of eight, so we got to sit in the more private space in the back. The decor is hip and modern and a lot of it is done by local artists (as far as I was told). 

The service is wonderful, and every dish is as delicious as it is beautiful. I ordered the pan-fried elk and the pigeon pie, and tasted the mussels, the deviled Chinese tea eggs (a must-try!), the stuffed onions, the bison, the sweetbreads and the Indian candy. 

The elk was far and away the winner for me. It was so tender and delicious, and the egg was perfectly cooked. The highlight of the pigeon pie wasn't the pie at all but the pigeon breast served on the side. It was juicy, rich and absolutely delectable. I'd never had squab before but it's now definitely my favourite poultry. The pie itself had a little too much filler (maybe I was just spoiled after stuffing my face with the breast, so to speak), although the crust was buttery and delicious. 

The stuffed onions melt in your mouth, the mussel are beautifully presented and smell and taste delicious. The Indian candy wasn't what I was expecting, and was a bit of a letdown but the fish was still cooked perfectly. 

If you're inclined, treat yourself to a cocktail when you go. I had the Lemon Sage Iced Tea and it was refreshing and boozy. 

Expensive, but absolutely worth it for a fun night out!笑
Amazing restaurant serving elevated Canadian food. Tried many things I had never has before, such as elk and bison. Mussels with pine had to be my favourite. Excellent cocktails, service and atmosphere. Go with a group of friends and order everything on the menu. Highly recommend.笑
I'd like to start by saying that I'm one of those people who never write reviews, but, as cheesy as it sounds, Boralia has made me want to start. I'm still dreaming of the meal - especially the mussels smoked with pine needles, the duck and the fois gras. Oh and the sweetbread, which I was hesitant to try, what with it being an esophageal gland and all, but boy am I glad I did! Being a larger group (6 people), We ordered close to everything on the menu (but some of the standouts, like the mussels and the whelk, we doubled up on knowing they would be popular. Tip: When ordering the pine smoked mussels, be sure to order the red levian bread (with cultured butter and caramelized onion powder) to sop up all the delicious broth. Our party couldn't get enough of it! Definitely looking forward to going to Boralia again.笑
The food: 2/5. It seems to be a very popular place, however the food was underwhelming. We started with two cocktails, one was with gin and ginger beer and the other was a spin on a margarita. The drinks were fine, not amazing, but should've been better considering the price point. We started with Red Fife Levain Bread & Cultured Butter  and Cured Trout grilled over Cedar Branches. The pretentious names set our expectations fairly high, however Boralia didn't deliver. The bread and the butter were fairly ordinary, and the trout was a little bland. I wished the fish was a little smokier at least, as I enjoyed the pickled onions a lot more. Our next order was Pan-Roasted Elk and Pigeon Pie. It was my first time eating elk, but I didn't find it enjoyable. The texture was very nice, it wasn't gamey but the meat itself tasted bland. Perhaps, that's just the elk and not Boralia's cooking. However, the wild-rice crusted egg was terrible. The egg itself was overdone and the wild-rice crusting didn't provide a balanced taste or texture. The pigeon pie was even worse than the elk. The pie itself was inedible, we ate only about a quarter of it. The roasted squab breast was cooked perfectly in terms of the texture, but was completely tasteless. The only saving grace was the presentation, very beautiful. Sadly, the dishes didn't taste as good as they looked. 

The service: 3/5. The service was fine, not terribly friendly and at times pretensious. 

Overall: 2.5/5. Boralia is in the solid "meh" category. The presentation was beautiful, but the taste was underwhelming. I wouldn't recommend it.笑
Had an amazing meal here.  10 dishes shared amongst 4 people and everything was great to fantastic.  A new Toronto fav for sure.笑
Came here for anniversary dinner with the hubby. Cute little place on Ossington albeit can be easy to miss if you are not careful. The menu has a historic Canadian vibe and features a lot of game meats (think elk, squab, duck etc). We shared six courses between the two of us and we were both stuffed (server recommended 4-5 courses). Everything was delicious, we got 
- venison and foie gras, very rich and velvety

- pine smoked mussels, amazing presentation, and very strong pine nutty smell when it first comes out, more presentation than substance tho not to say the mussels are not good. 

- mushroom salad, don't be fooled by the name there are no greens here, just all sorts of delicious mushrooms

- sweetbreads, I only had fried sweetbreads before but Boralia pan fries them which is different, very tender, my second favourite dish of the night 

- pigeon pie, the pigeon/squab breast meat that came with the dish was absolutely divine!! Uttermost tender-y goodness that I'd be dreaming about for days... The pie itself was just soso. 

- smoked whelk, very good, smokey, beautiful presentation and unique 

Service was pristine, staff clearly knew a lot about their dishes and had good knowledge of food. Wait time between dishes were a little bit long, the restaurant was pretty booked up for a random Wed night. We would be back!笑
Visiting Toronto for the first time, I didn't even consider there would be a Canadian fare restaurant. Was able to try the Pine Needle Smoked Mussels, the Mushroom Salad, the Pan-Roasted Elk, the Bison, and of course, the pigeon pie for dinner. Out of all of the dishes, the pigeon pie was phenomenal.. Admittedly this was my first time eating squab but the meat was cooked perfectly and was so tender.

For dessert, we tried the Rhubarb Tart and the Hot Chocolate Beignets. The tart was absolutely delicious. The beignets were also great but I wasn't a huge fan of the chocolate filling. 

Overall, the service, food and ambience of the restaurant was perfect. I would highly recommend!笑
definitely worth a try... very unique dishes and the Pine Smoked Mussels is a must!笑
Great place! In order of most loved to least loved, we ordered the foie gras crisps, pine smoked mussels, pigeon pot pie, mushroom salad, perogies and baked hollandaise mussels. Everything was delicious and melt in your mouth. Would definitely visit again.笑
I always wanted to try out this restaurant so I called up a few friends.  We made a reservation on Wednesday since they are not open on Mondays and Tuesdays.

Some of us arrived early and started with some beers.  I enjoyed the pale ale on tap with a bitter but fruity taste. When the rest of them arrived, we ordered about 8 dishes amongst the 5 of us. 

For the good dishes, I thoroughly enjoyed pigeon pie, mussels and the sweetbread. The pigeon pie has a few pieces of pigeon breast on the outside of the pie. It could be a bit gamy for some so if you don't mind something different, it is a definite try. The chef used west coast Salt Spring mussels which are larger than the typical PEI ones. I was surprised by the sweetbread and its taste as I didn't expect the texture as well. 

The fois gras / venison, elk, duck and the two fish dishes did not standout. The two fish dishes (trout and kedgeree) were disappointing as it lacked a bit of flavour.

Despite these dishes, I would not mind coming back when they change the menu.笑
You can read everyone else's reviews for the details but here is the bottom line: Fantastic establishment, solid dishes and excellent service. Good value for the money. Great first experience.笑
Mic drop. Just a fantastic dining experience. A medley of textures and flavours that kept us interested the whole way through our parade of courses. Probably could have managed six dishes between the two of us, but settled on five plus dessert.  Started with venison and foie parfait.  The parfait had a dense mousse consistency, and when spread on the accompanying bread crisps was far better than any bread and butter combo. Rich and satisfying. The sweetbreads and peas were served next alongside the pan roasted elk.  The sweetbreads were tender cloudy lobes, the black garlic puree added woody intrigue. The elk was blue rare, which I was fine with, but my wife would have liked a bit more time in the pan. Served with the tiniest fiddleheads, with just the slightest bitterness. Wish I had the foresight of the customer beside us to order a second soft boiled egg crusted in rice.  Wobbly and crispy delight. Next came rabbit cannolis and the famous pigeon pie. Both were cold weather comfort foods.  The cannoli is effectively a sausage stuffed in a cannoli, almost spring roll style. Really nice.  The squab breast with the pie was perfect and the pie's crust was an amazing accompaniment to the rich meat and veg stuffing.  The only slight disappointment came at dessert - save for the spiced chocolate filling, the beignets are effectively flavourless.  Not worth a loss of star, but it could have been better if the spiced chocolate accompanied them for dipping rather than the sparce amount inside.  The pumpkin bread pudding and ice cream were Thanksgiving all over again.  Together with creative cocktails (the four we tried were all intriguing - particully North of Vermont - a maple walnut Manhattan), overall hard to fault.笑
My wife and I had the prix fixe menu for New Years Eve, and we were not disappointed.  Everything was delicious from start to finish, and the menu progressed nicely from small and light courses to much heavier and hearty fare at the end.  The pine smoked mussels with the cloched presentation at the table was a definite highlight.

Suffice to say that Borealia is going to be at the top of our list for special occasions in the future, as I am sure it will be for many others in the near future.笑
Easily one of my top restaurant picks in Toronto.  We have been here numerous times, mostly when we are looking to have a higher quality meal.

What I love about this place is that it is so experimental with their food (follow them on Instagram!), but they don't go overboard with the snotty gastro cuisine.  The food is all very approachable and enjoyable.

The physical space is lovely and although it is touted as one of the best restaurants in the city, the stand-offish vibe is nowhere to be found. The owners and the staff are lovely, down-to-earth, and welcoming. It is perfectly casual.

The food is fantastic. Tonight we had the devilled eggs, chopsuey croquettes, mushroom salad, Indian Candy, and the pierogies. I don't have a single negative thing to say about any of these dishes. The taste and texture experience is thoughtful and refined.

Tonight's bill was roughly $90 with tax/tip and included one alcoholic drink. Normally, I die paying more than $60 for dinner for 2 ppl... but oddly the price tag here feels very appropriate and we have always left feeling good.

I highly recommend.  *Reservations are a must.*笑
I forgot to do my picture homework prior to eating here.  Now that I'm looking at the Yelp photos, what you see is what we ate.  What I enjoyed about the food is that every dish had it's unique taste.  Nothing was over seasoned or over cooked, everything was just right.  What amazed me the most was how the kitchen functioned.  Their timing and organization was spot on.  Since it was just the two of us, they only served two dishes at a time, pairing up the tastes of each dish and leaving the best pairing for last.

First serving:  Venison Liver Parfait, I had to order some extra homemade bread as there was plenty of parfait leftover after finishing off the accompanying bread slices

Second serving:  Mushroom Salad and Sweetbread.  Medley of different variety of mushrooms.  The sweetbread (aka giblets) was delicious, but too much of this decadent dish would leave you feeling sick.

Third serving:  Elk & Pigeon Pie.  The elk was cooked very tender, but you must eat the elk with the egg and sauce.  I ate the first piece of elk by itself which was good, but tasted much better with everything else.  The pie was flaky and tasty, but the young pigeon accompanying was my favorite for the night.

Dessert:  Syllabub Cake, there are no pictures but this was my wife's favorite dish...yah a dessert dish.  It was a warm, fluffy and light on the palette.  Just a well balanced, finishing dish.

In conclusion, this is a high ranked restaurant with very reasonable prices.  You can get a similar dish at Canoe for $40+.  It's a small restaurant, where the environment wasn't too loud.  Book a few weeks in advance (I booked a month ago) and you won't be disappointed.笑
Where do I begin? We went to Boralia last night for the first time.  From the moment you walk in there is a very relaxed and comfortable vibe.  Everything we ordered looked so beautiful, but also tasted amazing.  The Fife Levain Bread was light, earthy and delicious.  It came with butter that is made in house.  The Three Sisters, a zucchini tart was just delectable.  The Hellfire Salad, so colourful and was just so so amazing.  The show stopper on this salad is the ricotta and corn stuffed squash blossom   The rest of our dishes that we had were just as delicious as the others.  Boralia will be a place that we will be coming back to and bringing family and friends!笑
Quite the culinary experience.
Small plates -- we had 5 and a dessert and were STUFFED.
Chinese tea eggs -- flavourful but not super unique.
Mussels -- very unique and very delicious. Other reviewers have done this dish justice so I'll leave it there
Bison -- do not recommend. This was the only thing I would not eat again. Can't put my finger on it. There is a lot of it too.
Sugar shack ham -- very good. Probably the best thing we had? Potatoes were A++
Pigeon pie -- also very good. Great crust on the pie. Perfectly seasoned. Yum.
Beignets -- good, but not exceptional. Would skip it next time and get ice cream down the street ;)

Glad I went but probably won't go back only because there are so many other nice places to try in TO! If I do go back there are several other things on the menu I'd like to try.笑
Absolutely amazing. I eat at restaurants 3-4 times a week and Borealia still stands out 1 year later.笑
Calling all foodies!!! If you haven't been to Boralia yet, you must! 

Yes, the price is a tad bit on the high side for the portions you get but imo, the quality, history and uniqueness of the dishes were worth every penny!  

Our party of four ordered an array of dishes to share and the most memorable dishes for me was the mussels (love the smoky taste), wagyu steak (amazing taste and price) and the mushroom salad (to die for). 
We particularly enjoyed learning the history behind some of the dishes from the owner (lovely lady). For example, she explained to us the way they cook the mussels was to recreate that same smoky taste when Samuel Champlain and his men first landed in Canada via the St. Lawrence river, they prepared their food on a beach in a fire pit hence the smoke and smoky taste.  

7 dishes and a bottle of wine later, we were all soooooo satisfied. They got a great wine list. If you are in the mood for Chardonnay and you feel like spoiling yourself, order the 2013 Pearl Morissette Chardonnay. I promise you won't regret it. I got a whole case of it at home.笑
We walked in on a Saturday night with no resos but the hostess still managed to squeeze us in. Classy decor and atmosphere, our server was friendly and accommodating considering our total indecision on what to order -- we just asked her to bring four of the most popular dishes. The mussels smoked in pine were amazing, as was the mushroom / hazelnut ring, and pigeon pie. Very rich and flavorful. The only dish I couldn't really stomach was a pate that came with the thinnest of crackers... I don't remember what it was but it tasted way too creamy and fatty for me. 

Service was impeccable though - all our dishes came out in a timely manner. The waitstaff was attentive to fallen napkins and empty water glasses. They even put up with my boyfriend and I being that annoying couple holding hands and eventually making out at the table. I know. Coat check was also a nice plus, as was the slow early-mid century playlist. All in all a good dining experience but the menu is too much of a novelty for me to make this a regular dining spot.笑
I love that this restaurant is inspired by historic Canadian cuisine (of Aboriginals and settlers) because it makes it unique from the overload of Spanish, Italian, Thai and Japanese restaurants in Toronto.

What I ordered:
- Venison liver and foie gras (with bread crisp)
- L'éclade (mussels smoked in pine needles)
- Pan-roasted elk (with wild rice-crusted egg)
- Pigeon pie
- Louisbourg hot chocolate beignets
- Ungava Vesper cocktail
- Rosy Cheeked cocktail

The highlight by far was dessert. The chocolate beignets were so rich and the gooey centre actually tastes like spiced hot chocolate. Get this! The second highlight was the venison liver and foie gras (no, I'm not a foie gras snob).

Shared all this with a girlfriend and we were happily full, not stuffed to the brim (not complaining). Service was excellent and it was easy to make a reservation. Docked a star because I wish they had more items on the menu and the drinks were not memorable.笑
EAT HERE!  We came here for my birthday and it was the best meal I've ever had.  Everything we had was amazing but if i had to pick my favourites, the bison tartar was so delicious and the beignets were out of this world.  The service is great too, classy while unpretentious.笑
Beyond poutine and Tim Hortons, Canada has failed to establish a food identity in its past. Unlike France or Italy who have cuisine that has been passed on for generations, Canada's seems to be developing right now--with a strong multicultural presence. 

With the help of Evelyn Wu and Wayne Morris from Boralia, there has been a menu developed that pays tribute to where we've come from combined with who we are now.

It is a place worth visiting - for a nice, warm atmosphere, professional service and last but not least - for the menu that is different from those ones you've tried so many times before.笑
Came here for a birthday and loved it (though I imagine seeing the bill would have hurt me a little too). 

DRINKS
- Pleasant and Steady Handshake - bright and tart with a strong orange flavour
- Georgian Bay Buck - delicious with every ingredient being present (including peppercorn PRO TIP: ask for no/light syrup as it is very sweet)
- Live at Saint-Qunetin - beautiful strawberry flavour without the cloying sweetness of strawberries in drinks
- Girl at the party - tiny drink with a nice initial flavour but SUPER OVERPOWERED by the bitters in the finish which gives it a weird aftertaste, and kills a lot of the other flavours 

FOOD
- baked oysters were perfectly done and delicious with hollandaise-esque sauce poured over fresh oysters so they were just slightly cooked 
- Venison liver & foie gras parfait was delicious MUST GET THIS! with perfectly paired croustinis
- L'eclade mussels are a classic, with amazing table value (the smoke presentation), and great taste!
- Pan Roasted venison was super tender and melt in your mouth delicious with nice tater tots (probably fancy as hell tater tots) on the side
- Grilled mushroom salad ANOTHER MUST TRY with a textural smorgasbord of buttery mushrooms (though if you don't like mushrooms, maybe not for you) 
- Grilled duck was good, but nothing too special, sausages were a big PASS for me with a strange finish, the arctic cranberries were delicious and bright though 
- Pigeon pie, I had to try it, and it's nothing spectacular, the pie was good, but not distinctly "pigeon-y" and the meat was well cooked, but nothing too memorable 

DESSERT
- we had the special honey cakes with lemon ricotta (i think) and strawberries - THE BEST! super light and decadent, with equal parts tart, sweet and rich in every bite! 10/10 would order again! 

Service was SUPER friendly and helpful. The bartender let us try the new young pinecone syrup that they just got in and it was DELICIOUS (I can't wait to try the drink concoction she creates with that)! I hope I get to come back soon!!!!!!笑
Have you ever wondered how a Canadian settler may have eaten in the 1600s to 1800s? Well look no further than here. In its forest-based, hunter gatherer menu, Boralia gives a modernized take on Oregon Trail cuisine. 

From its expertly crafted (and named) cocktail list to its inventive and beautifully presented foods, it is truly the most delicious meals I've had in some time. 

The venison and foie gras "parfait" served on bread crisps was rich, decadent, and delicious. I could eat it for the rest of my life. The mussels were presented amongst clouds of smoke revealing a savory broth. This came with some dank ass house baked bread with butter and caramelized onion powder for the broth, which was truly unforgettable. Finally, with the duck breast, we were smitten with the crispy skin that lovingly encroached on the medium rare meat served with a beautiful display of currants, mushrooms, and roasted roots. I left belly full, impressed with the amicable service, and slightly tipsy with the full settler experience - fortunately no dysentery here.笑
Amidst the eclectic array of restaurants along the Ossington Street strip there emerges a new aurora: Borealia. This Latin word, meaning "northern", was chosen from the short list of proposed names for our country during Confederation. (We could have been Borealians!)

There is a warm cabin feel, and the handcrafted copper chandelier glows like the northern lights. For owners Evelyn Wu and Wayne Morris going local is not just about ingredients; it's about history. What could be more fresh and exotic than local recipes from our past? Both the décor and the menu represent an edible history of Canada's roots, gleaned from Canada's oldest cookbooks. In fact the numbers beside some menu items are not their price, but the year in which their recipe was established.
b1 Every recipe has a story.

We begin with red fife levain bread and an accompanying cultured butter sparked with carmelized onion dust. Red fife was the first wheat to be harvested in Canada, and the flavour and texture of the bread is addictive. It takes all our focus to save some for the unique presentation of mussels steamed in pine ash butter. Lift the glass bell and the aromatic smoke of pine needles embraces us. This recipe is adapted from the 1605 original, and was said to be a favourite dish of Samuel de Champlain when he introduced it to the Port Royal settlement in Acadia (Nova Scotia). Clearly it was love at first bite, because no sooner had Champlain asked passing fishermen along the east coast, "Qu'est-ce que c'est?" did he make landfall in Nova Scotia to claim providence over the greatest bounty of mussels in the world.

b4 Another item on the menu catches our attention, and then our palate. Rich custard of pumpkin and porcini is like smooth velvet, drizzled with walnut vinaigrette and decorated by little apple jewels and brown bread crisps. We are struck by the unique balance of flavours.

In 1845 the United States began negotiating its northwestern border with British North America resulting in the Oregon Treaty the following year, but even more important than that was the creation of an exciting local dish called Kedgeree. This adaptation of filleted smoked whitefish is partnered with curried mayo and parsley puree. Crowned with rice crackers the pure flavours stand out.

b3 A generous portion of pan-seared trout with birch syrup vinaigrette sits atop luscious Iroquois popcorn grits. This is really a unique and savoury find in Toronto. A colourful arrangement of tender sliced venison with cranberry gastrique, crisp radish and burnt onion surround a whole egg encrusted in crunchy wild rice for a harmonious blend of flavour and texture. Every item on this menu piques our imagination.

For dessert we travel back to 1795. Shortly after the division of Upper and Lower Canada the recipe for the Louisbourg Hot Chocolate Beignets was conceived. French settlers had brought these fritters to Acadia over one hundred years earlier. Who knew b6 at that time the palate-exploding potential of these beer-battered, lemon-sugared, spiced-chocolate ganache confections...served in a teacup? It is delicious! If you eat nothing else, this is not to be missed.

Some people think Canadian cuisine has yet to be defined, but those who already know have dined at Borealia.笑
Phenomenal food, will be back to try the rest of the menu.笑
So good! Best restaurant we've been to this year. 

The food is Canadiana so we ate things like foie and venison parfait (kind of like a foie torchon), perfectly cooked, slightly pink duck breast with root vegetables, mushroom salad, and the sweatbreads. Yes, it was a bit expensive, but really well money spent! I was happy with the portions and the plating so the meal was very satisfying. Everything was delicious!

We sat at the bar and had several cocktails. Some of the best cocktails I've had in the city, flavours were very well balanced. I even told the bartender that the Urban Green Space (?) was easily my new favourite cocktail - I think I'd go back just for that!笑
Pretty much everything on the menu was great.笑
Delicious, adventurous and friendly. The whitefish was really nice (my partner remarked that it reminded her, in the best possible way, of hot dogs) and oh my those mussels. Should remark that I personally don't eat meat, so I didn't try some of the signature dishes.

The beignets were fantastic.

Would definitely come again.笑
The food and service were amazing! As a vegetarian, I thought it would be OK but I was blown away by the food. My partner and I tried all the veggie things that night: stuffed onions; asparagus, ramps, & spätzle; grilled mushroom salad; pierogi. She also got the steamed mussels and declared no other mussels will live up to them. The cocktails were great too, and they were attentive to allergies and things we just didn't like (left an egg off one dish for me). If you're in Toronto & like trying interesting food, don't miss is spot,笑
Came across this place by chance and thought the idea of aboriginal Canadian food sounded so interesting. We came on a weekday night and the place was actually quite empty. In short the food was delicious, one star off for the price and the cocktail which was pretty mediocre. 

Foie gras: I do like foie gras but only in small amounts because it is so rich. The foie gras here actually came in a pretty big size and I must say it was executed perfectly, smooth and creamy and flavorful. However we still had a bit leftover because it was too rich. The crisps also paired beautifully. 

Whelk: My mom and I both agreed that the whelk itself was a bit bland. Even though the texture of the whelk itself was great, juicy and fresh, I don't think the beurre blanc paired well because as something without a lot of intrinsic flavor, the whelk definitely needed a more flavorful sauce. 

Duck: The duck was beautifully cooked, moist and juicy. 

Mushroom salad: Also very good and the hazelnut crisps and green pea puree(I think?) also paired really well with the mushrooms. The mushrooms themselves were a tad bit oily but I think the oil is what also gave them great flavor. 

Chocolate tart: I really enjoyed this tart! In particular the chocolate filling was warm and melted and the meringue topped with hibiscus powder was really unexpectedly good. 

Drinks: mom had a glass of red wine which tasted fine. I ordered the urban green space cocktail but to be honest did not enjoy it very much. But to be fair, drinks are a really personal thing so I won't be too harsh on them.笑
We started with the delictable Chinese Tea Deviled Eggs, then the Venison Liver and Foie Gras Parfait. We finished up with the Pan Roasted Elk and the L'eclade (Pine Smoked Mussels). Everything was delicious, particularly the Parfait. I love fresh, local ingredients prepared creatively and Boralia hits the mark. Looking forward to a return visit to try everything we missed this time out.笑
Boralia is a truly unique dining experience with ingredients and flavours you probably won't find anywhere else. Still they strive to make each dish delicious and beautifully presented. For that reason I am giving it 5 stars. 

I went there on a Saturday night. Walked in at 7 PM with no reservation and was seated at the bar. By 7:30 the restaurant was full. I suggest making a reservation if you want to come here. 

We had: 

Whelk - 5/5 a grilled sea snail with a texture similar to calimari, served with an incredible sauce

Elk - 4/5 beautifully prepared. Slightly tough. But it's elk. Elk is tough. 

Pigeon pie - 5/5 This was the standout dish. The crust is incredible. The pigeon breast on the side was heavenly. 

Stuffed onions - 5/5 grilled onions stuffed with creamed carrot. This is a fantastic vegetarian option or side dish. 

Desert:

Syllabub cake - 5/5 A super light lemon pound cake with almond slivers and blueberries on top. YUM笑
Fantastic concept and execution. Food was incredible, service great and the whole story behind the menu a lot of fun. Highly recommended.笑
For my birthday dinner last night, I made reservations for my husband myself and my 11month old baby. It wasn't very busy when we arrived at 6pm and we were seated right away. We ordered 6 dishes and a snack between the 2 of us. We started with the chopsuey croquettes which were tasty. It was like arancini with a Chinese touch. We then had the venison pate and foie gras. It was served with a crispy in house made bread. This dish was excellent and I would have licked the plate clean if I could. We had braised whelk, mussels and scallops. My husband loved the sauce that came with the scallops. The whelk was my favourite, creamy and the carrot salad was a good contrast. The mussels were smoked in pine needles and I found this really unique. The taste was very smokey. We also had the perogies and sugar ham. Both were good and had its unique twist to it. Service was excellent, they were very attentive and dishes came well paced.笑
We ordered several dishes and cocktails and enjoyed everything. The atmosphere was welcoming and the staff was very friendly and personable. The food was great especially the muscles.笑
I still dream about the duck...let's begin with that. I ate here about 2 months ago, and it was delish. As a history buff and a person who loves food...this place was right on the money! Get the mussels...you'll feel like you just settled in the new world!笑
Great service from Jason at the bar. Well crafted cocktails tho off menu creations may cost more. The pkates clearly designed for sharing are both lovely and tasty. Bonus pts for different crisp bread bases for different dishes. The tartare was excellent and the venison parfait was perfectly balanced with the tart sauce. Great overall vibe.笑
Wow! This was great. A standout among the terrific spots on Oz. Food was inventive, tasty and beautifully presented. Everything from the devilled Chinese tea eggs to sweetbreads to pigeon pie etc etc was a winner.  I think we ended up eating most of the menu. Very shareable. If there was any slightly weak spot it was desserts. But that's being picky. 

Cocktails solid. Service good; augmented by attentive owner (I think). 

Great to walk around the area too.笑
Delicious! My boyfriend and I came here after a loooong walk at high park. We were pretty much famished by the time we got to Boralia. 
I started off with their signature drinks - cocktails!
I ordered the Grapefruit Shrub Spritz - so sweet and delicious! It tasted like soda with a hint of alcohol taste. 
My boyfriend ordered the Neustadt Springs 456 Marzen Lager.

SPICED SCALLOP CRUDO (3.5/5)
(Wild Ginger, Pickled Ramps, Fermented Chili Cucumber Water)
The scallops were very fresh and yummy - a great start to our meal. I would've liked it a lot more if the chili taste was stronger.

VENISON LIVER & FOIE GRAS PARFAIT (5/5)
(Blackcurrant Red Wine Gastrique, Bread Crisps)
Yes, I'm giving this dish 5/5 stars! Maybe I'm biased because foie gras are my fave.. but this was perfect. The foie gras parfaits were so addicting!! Highly recommending this!

PIGEON PIE (4/5)
(Roast Squab Breast, Asparagus)
The squab meat was SO good. They marinated it so there was so much flavour to it. The first couple of bites of the pigeon pie was the best comfort food of the meal - but then I got super full from the pie and my boyfriend had to finish the rest of it up (which I'm sure he wouldn't mind..) haha!

PAN-ROASTED ELK (4/5)
(Wild Rice-Crusted Egg, Cranberry Gastrique, Burnt Onion, Radish)
The elk meat :DD very very tender - I'd order this again and again. Even the radish was so delicious!!笑
If you're looking to wash the taste of one too many overhyped, overpriced 12-table Toronto restaurants out of your mouth then may I recommend expedient patronage of Boralia where you may insert a hot oyster baked with cheesy + spicy shrimp hollandaise into your ailing food portal. It's all been said, and it's all true - Boralia keeps the food scene on Ossington alive with an outstanding menu. 

I have been to a number of restaurants in recent years touting traditional Canadian cuisine and this is by far the best execution of this concept that I have experienced, both in terms of authenticity and in terms of deliciousness. You will see years alongside menu items indicating the year of the recipe's origin. Obviously the chef has played around with these recipes while, and I think this is what makes the food truly exceptional, still staying true to the essence of how rustic this food is. The smoked mussels, venison liver and foie gras, whole smoked trout and baked oysters were the standouts for us. Each dish had a new and interesting treatment and we were totally wrapped up in the procession of sharing plates, excited for the next thing to come out - it's the sign of a great meal when it is also the chief topic of conversation. 

The cocktails, service, ambiance, etc. were all great - but the food is truly the star of the show here. And it is all pretty rich, and since you're there you may as well ball out on a bunch of different sharing plates, so bring your a-game stomach! Definitely one to try for a special night - though I would totally just pop in for a few cocktails and the smoked mussels if I was looking to add some PANACHE to a west end decadence quest.笑
We ordered everything on the menu! I also love the stories behind each recipe. The only thing I was a little disappointment was the mussels. They were very small (could be the season too that's why I still give them 5 star).笑
Thoughtful, inventive, unusual and tempting... these are just a few of the adjectives I'd use to describe the eclectic and delicious food. My new go-to on Ossington!笑
This place is a little gem! The food was excellent. The service very attentive and the venue was beautiful. It is tapas style and though we didn't try everything on the menue the dishes were pioneer Canadian inspired and each was a delight to the senses. I only wish that I had left room for desert which I sure would not disappoint. Highly recommend.笑
*2 stars for the service, 3.5 stars for food

I'm someone who is usually oblivious to the behaviours of other people, but I felt like my boyfriend and I were being low-key discriminated against by our waiter tonight (we're Asian, young looking). I noticed that the tables next to us (same waiter) received much friendlier and comprehensive service than us; the waiter would periodically ask them how their meal was, and explain to them their dish. We didn't get that. The waiter would smile and make small talk with the other tables. Not with us. This waiter didn't even look in our direction while setting down a drink my boyfriend ordered (instead, he looked at the table next to us while he placed the drink down). In fact, I don't even think our waiter looked us in the eye even once during the course of our meal. For the record, this waiter (can't remember his name) has blonde hair, glasses, and wore slim jeans with Blundstone boots. Anyways...

I'm a bit of a large eater (read; bottomless pit), so sharing 6 dishes (4 mains, 2 desserts) and 2 snacks (the baked oysters) with my boyfriend left me feeling quite famished. However, I knew this going in so I can't exactly complain about the value vs. portion sizes. So, just a warning to my fellow bottomless pits, either pre-eat or be prepared to spend a pretty penny to feel satisfied. As Boralia is a much hyped restaurant in Toronto, my expectations were high. However, I left feeling a bit divided. 

We really loved the pine smoked mussels (presentation is amazing, the broth was delicious) and the pigeon pot pie with squab (squab was juicy and tender; the pie crust was buttery and flakey). The baked oysters, while tasty, didn't taste extraordinary to me and weren't worth $3 each. The beurre blanc on the grilled whelk was delicious, and the burdock/carrot salad underneath was great, but the whelk itself was just alright; it's good to try once. The venison tartare was uninspiring, and not particularly special. 

In the end, it's pretty unlikely that I'll be back - there seems no sense in me returning to a restaurant where I won't leave full, and the waiter won't even look me in the eye.笑
Came here for pre-valentines because we wanted the real menu not the valentines menu. Service and dining experience was excellent overall.

We munched on the following

Venison liver and foie gras: had to get this because foie gras is one of my lady's favourite foods. It was creamy and delicious and the bread crisps were a nice touch overall.

Grilled Whelk: Firstly, the presentation was amazing. Secondly, the flavour was good because of the excellent sauce. Whelk itself was good but I mean it's a whelk, didn't seem to have much fat.

Pan roasted elk: dish was okay, not that memorable but I'm not sure what would improve it.

Grilled mushroom salad: this dish was amazing. There is a variety of mushrooms and the dish comes together so well, a very satisfying dish.

Scallop crudo: Not very satisfying but felt unique in its own right. Pickled chantrelles were interesting.

Hot chocolate beighnets: savoury, hot, and chocolatey. A great combo for me.

Overall, really enjoyed the experience and the uniqueness of the dishes. I appreciate all the dishes even though some weren't for me.笑
Had to try this new resto on Ossington just because.  Usually Canadian fine dining doesn't greatly interest me, but this one was quite enjoyable

Red Fife Levain Bread & Cultured Butter - An app to help fill you up since all dishes in this resto are fairly small for their portions
L'éclade - Mussels Smoked in Pine Needles, Pine Ash Butter; the broth was quite delicious and we should've dipped more of our bread in here before finishing it.  Mussels were on point.
Kedgeree -  Smoked Whitefish, Rice Crackers, Curry Mayo, Parsley Puree - I think we just wanted to try this because it sounded cool.... didn't taste like much and I did not like the rice crackers/fish combo.  This dish was bland.
Pan-Roasted Elk - Wild Rice-Crusted Egg, Cranberry Gastrique, Burnt Onion, Radish - I loved the elk, perfect medium rare.  Flavours of all the ingredients came together deliciously.
Pigeon Pie - Roast Squab Breast, Asparagus - my favourite dish of the night, it's a staple to order for any new visitors of the resto as attested by all the other reviews.  

Decor is on par with all the other hipster restos of Ossington, hoping to see new items on the menu to try in the future笑
Excellent dinner, friendly but not fussy service.  Whelk, rabbit, and sweetbreads were highlights, but everything was really excellently done and interesting.  Chic interior, but not too noisy to have a conversation, just a great all around dining experience.笑
Where do I even start with this gem.  This place has been on my list for ages and I finally had the opportunity to have my own culinary experience here.  It's an intimate venue, with small table seatings and one large table towards the back. I made reservations because I wasn't sure how busy it would be on a Wednesday night and didn't want to risk not getting a table for 4. It wasn't too busy when we first arrived, but the place started to fill up throughout the night. 

Service here was fantastic - staff were attentive, patient, very knowledgable about the menu, and didn't rush us through our meal, even though we were there for 3 hours! 

They have a nice selection of cocktails and wines, but a limited selection of beers and ciders. I opted for the Calvados Old-fashioned, it was well-prepared with nice sweetness coming from the apple skin syrup.

Okay, now the best part - the meal!  Sharing is encouraged here, and is really the best way to try a little bit of everything.  Following are my favourites of the night:

Venison Liver & Foie Gras parfait - if you enjoy sin and indulgence then this divine dish is for you. The parfait is incredibly flavourful and is served with thin bread crisps - perfect to start the meal with. 

Kedgeree - It's smoked cod dish - the fish is flaky and well-seasoned. Paired with salty, crunchy rice crackers just adds to the overall flavour of the dish. 

Grilled Mushroom Salad - it tasted like heaven - Warm mushroom salad, grilled to perfection with just the right amount of charring and buttery - honestly, heaven. 

L'eclade - I would recommend this for the experience, it's served in a very interesting manner.  The smoky pine was a bit overwhelming for me, but the broth was delicious buttery goodness.  Pair it with the Red Fife bread and you're pretty much set. 

Dishes typically range from 15 - 20 per share plate, and about 5 - 6 dishes is probably a good amount for 4 people. 

Looking forward to coming back here again and trying the other half of the menu!笑
Best food in Toronto. Great restaurant, everything was really great. We've been in many restaurants in GTA, the food here is really amazing.笑
Just got back from a great meal at Boralia! Visiting from NYC where Boralia got a big NY Times mention and wanted to check out something authentically Canadian and historical. 

Some highlights:
Amazing Elk
Kedgeree
Devilled Chinese Tea Eggs
Venison Liver and Foie Gras Parfait
L'Eclade

Just a fantastic restaurant concept (updated take on historic local dishes) and amazing execution by the chef and whole team. My favorite meal in Canada!笑
Though many of the dishes listed on the menu will cite the 1600's and 1800's as the date of origin for the recipe (like the Devilled Chinese Eggs, circa 1850), Boralia is definitely set for today.  The presentation, the offals, the herbs and vegetables and the painted forest wall mural all that brings to mind romantic foraging imagery that is just so *now*.

With all dishes served tapas-style, be prepared to order 3-4 dishes per person.  

Though I think the tea eggs served on dainty porcelain dish made for most Instagram-worthy photo, my pick goes to the whelk with beurre blanc.  Not sure exactly how they made it, but the grill on the whelk made it already delicious on its own - added with that beurre blanc, well, that was just super-delicious!  My second pick would be the duck breast dish.  I usually really dislike chestnuts, but the tiny crumbles of chestnut sprinkled on thickly cut parsnip coins made the parsnips somehow taste sweeter.  What magic is this?

The prices, while definitely not low (those eggs? You'll only receive 1.5 eggs for $6) is on par with other tapas places in the city.  For an alcohol-free dinner for two, we paid a total of $115 with tax and tips.  Not bad for a taste of Canadiana.笑
Another great restaurant find thanks to yelp!  This is heritage Canadiana recipes modernized and proudly showcased.  There are some really amazing dishes coming out of the kitchen and the service hits the right tone of thoughtful and attentive without being overbearing.  Definitely a great choice to experience some very unique dishes.  

When you walk in, it feels like most smaller restaurants in Toronto but the generous spacing between tables makes it feel roomier.  We didn't hear our neighbours conversation.  It has a nice forest picture, a cool bronze looking lighting, and lightly white washed exposed brick in the front area.  Overall, it's a nice atmosphere.  The bathroom is below and it isn't cramped or worse damp and smelly like some other places.  There's only one tiny small detail ... the chairs.  They're small and a bit rickety ... warning to any large guy sitting on them.  They're not comfy and you will feel a bit wonky on them.

The menu is made for sharing and they recommend 2 to 3 dishes per person.  We decided to go with 4 plus bread and a dessert to share.  It was just the right amount. 

 We got the smoked mussels (l'escade) and WOW ... the mussels were cooked till tender and the broth was a gorgeous buttery seafood flavour.  The presentation is very cool as it's housed under a glass dome with infused smoke aroma.  They release it and it honestly smells like a bonfire in front of you.  We used the red fife bread to sop up as much as we could.  The broth was so much better than any butter.  5+/5

We also got the kedgeree (smoked cod). This was a good dish but it was probably the weakest dish.  The fish was a touch bland and the mustard a bit simple ... definite eat the fish with a big bite of the salted rice crisps to season it better and for a nice textural contrast.  4/5

The elk was incredible ... perfectly seared with a rare medium rare centre.  It had great flavour and seasoned very well. It had a great pumpkin sauce to it that complimented it very well.  5/5

The mushrooms were a nice umami bomb and very good.  I love the mushroom plating in a gorgeous wreath. 4.5/5

 For dessert we got the bird nest and wow, what a beautiful an unique dessert.  Lots of great textures and flavours ... deep fried butterscotch pudding.  So you had a crispy sweet exterior to the creamy buttery brown sugar notes.  It also had a super creamy cardamom ice cream to add an interesting spice note and pieces of rolled churro with cinnamon. 5/5

Overall,  great dinner that surprised me and surpassed my expectations.  Service was friendly, personable, and attentive.  I would definitely recommend to snag a reservation if you want a great memorable meal.笑
You HAVE to get the whelk. Wholesome pieces of juicy whelk on 3 skewers w/ their homemade cream sauce. It was a perfect blend of seafood.

The deviled tea eggs make a delicious snack. The sweetened soy sauce and jellied bacon bits added a nice touch of sweetness to the savory eggs.

I loved the grilled mushroom salad. Different versions of mushrooms sliced & grilled to soft perfect. The lovely pesto sauce enhanced the flavors of the mushrooms. And the cracker crouton bits added a nice crunch to the mix.

And the one thing you have to get is the pigeon pie. Boy, was it delish! A buttery crust encasing a delicious pot pie of veggies & pigeon w/ two slices of juicy pigeon and sliced asparagus. Yummy!

Make reservations if possible. Boralia is a nice place for a date - a bit more on the fancier side. And service was great! My friend & I had Boralia on our eating tour list in Toronto :D笑
Thoroughly enjoyed this dining experience. It is a well defined, not exhaustive menu selection- quality over quantity. Most plates are smaller, with a push to explore the native Canadian preparation entrees, like mussels smoked in a pine fuel fire, venison fois gras, elk steaks,  fiery salad, and tavern duck.  All were tasty (not for the timid) with clever presentation. A nice wine offering, several Canadian vintages.  Service was prompt, dedicated to the theme, pleasant. Ossering street offers a number of quaint restaurants, ice cream parlors just off Queen near Boralia.笑
We had a great dining experience here. Friendly, knowledgable wait staff. Good wine list. And the dishes were so unique and so delicious. The food items were presented well and I tried some unique items I've never had before. Worth a try.笑
Wow! This is food as high art. Every dish is boldly unique, thoughtfully curated and masterfully presented. Collectively, the "artist's voice" comes through clear as a bell. The flavours are astounding. We tried six different plates and everyone of them was deeply satisfying.

As the name suggests (maybe?) Boralia is an homage to Canada's forests, lakes and rivers. The menu seems to have been inspired by recipes of old from native and euro traditions with a smattering of Chinese influences at times. But forget about the muses. It's what they've inspired that matters. 

Boralia is easily one of the best and most interesting restaurants that I've ever experienced. I will be back whenever I want to take overseas guests for something upscale that smacks of Canada. More so than Canoe or Bannock, this is uniquely canuck. But the limited menu and tightly-focused palette means that I will need to make return visits sparingly.  All good things in moderation.笑
I gave this a 4 rating but it deserves 3 1/2. It is a nice little restaurant that serves around 35 people, intimate, quite comforting and a cool atmosphere - trendy blend of renovated older building and modern, very popular and busy. You should make a reservation. It would be nice for a group of 2-4 people, had 4 booths for 4 and then tables and appropriate for just about any occasion. It was not overly loud, but had a white noise hum of conversation. The clientele were mostly middlle-aged trendy casual dress. Extremely friendly and helpful staff. The food is well prepared and presented, however, somehow doesn't quite live up to the exotic descriptions in the menu. The entree dishes are essentially tapas size more or less ($13-$24 ea), so gauge about 5 entree dishes for 2 persons with a glass of wine each is around $120 plus tip. I found the duck quite good , the elk as well - the other 3 dishes although unique were average overall. The foise gras/venison parfait is just that - a creamy version of pate' which is a bit misleading, however it is my mistake not to clarify. All in all, it was a pretty decent experience and perhaps a tad expensive for a relatively light meal. If I had to so it again I might choose a slightly higher end restaurant that would of course, cost more, but that depends on the occasion. Weekday street parking to meters on the east side comes open at 6:00 pm, so a 6:00 pm reservation scores you the possibility of quickly finding a parking spot. Afterwards parking is a bit of a hunt - allow time. Recommended.笑
Boralia explores historic Aboriginal recipes as far back as 1605! If that doesn't impress you (bc there aren't many Aboriginal options in Toronto) then maybe there's something wrong with ya! Lol kiddingg. I'm amazed and impressed every time I step into Boralia because the item presented is always dressed flawlessly and the service is always professional and knowledgeable of their ingredients and cooking styles; history; origins. It is always consistent, never fails. Some menu items are flavoured heavily, while others are more light in taste. Boralia knows how to maintain a balance in their menu while still being able to geniusly place certain pairings together. Carrot and burdock? Who would've thought! 

I highly recommend:
- Venison liver & foie gras
- L'éclade (steamed pine nut mussels in pine ash butter sauce that you can dip bread and butter in)
- Grilled Whelk
- Pan Roasted Elk
- Red Fife Levain Bread & Cultured Butter (dip your bread in the l'éclade sauce after you're done with them)

Definitely a repeat visit with high recommendations in place.笑
Boralia didn't really do it for me, though in fairness, my expectations were probably heightened due to all the hype/acclaim it's received.

We had 5 or 6 dishes. Nothing was wrong or screwed up, but at the same time, none of the dishes we had (save for the baked oysters and buttermilk tart) would really keep me coming back.

Atmosphere is nice -- low-key and not overwhelmingly hipster (for Ossington).笑
Wife and I did a little city food tour and this was stop #2. What a gem! As amazing as the food and cocktails were, I think they were outshined by the exceptional service. We had the L'eclade and I would definitely recommend it! The pine may seem weird from the description, but I assure you, this is a must try.笑
Had a fantastic time dining here. Ambiance was nice, service was pleasant, and food was very very good.

Ordered the whelk, raw scallops, mushrooms, and pigeon pot pie.

My favourites of the night were the pigeon pot pie and whelk. The pigeon pie was nice and flaky, and really great flavours. We got to this last and I was a bit worried it had gotten cold just sitting there...but nope! Was still nice and warm inside when we cut it open. Loved the chewiness of the whelk, and the sauce it came in. Remember to eat the carrot salad thing under the whelk...that's probably the best part. It's soaked in the delicious sauce.

Mushrooms were very flavourful, but to the point of too much flavour and oil, in my opinion. I wasn't huge on the raw scallops. It just didn't so much for me in terms of texture and flavour.

Oh and the dessert! Had the chocolate beignets. They were described to us as having spicy chocolate inside, and lemon icing sugar type stuff on top. Didn't taste much spicyness or lemon, but they were good nonetheless. 

All in all, great place for a pleasant dining experience. Would recommend!笑
Awesome restaurant with unique Canadian dishes!  I've read some reviews that said the portions are small for the price and some Yelpers left hungry, but I found the prices reasonable for the quality and portions.  Between 3 people we ordered the devilled eggs, chop suey croquettes, 2 orders of bread, smoked whitefish, mussels, liver and foie gras parfait, and mushroom salad - along with wine, cocktails and beignets for dessert.  Plenty of food for 3 people!  However we were all women so perhaps a man would want to eat more.
The mussels, parfait and mushroom salad were the standout dishes.  The service was also amazing and the ambience warm and reflective of the Canadian theme.  Would definitely come back.笑
Delicious food, reasonable prices for the quality and a unique dining experience are three reasons why I ate at Borealia twice in 4 weeks. I have now eaten almost the entire tapas style menu and I really thought the Pigeon Pie, L'eclade [mussels smoked in pine needles] and the Spiced Scallops were special. This is an adventure into Canadian pioneer food dating as far back as 1605 - which makes Borealia a truly unique dining experience and one you really should try.笑
On a recent weekend trip we wanted to try something different. We read an article in the NY times and figured why not give Boralia a try. It was some of the most creative food we ever ate. But it was also familar and not remorely strange. The highlights for me were the whelk, mussels and the cured bison. I was saving room for desert but decided on the pigeon pie. That was smart as the crust was just perfect. I tried many of the cocktails but my favorite was the calvados old fashioned. I would suggest planning on sharing all dishes so you can get to try as many as possible.

To mention the decor and vibe was warm, homey but hip. I loved the wolf in the basement (pic attached) and the play on the northern lights on the celing. I didn't know what was considered historical Canadian cuisine.  Boy, was I blown away on their interpretation. I will be back.笑
It's been so long since i've been to a restaurant in Toronto that i've been excited about. 

Even as i write this, i think fondly back of the flavours at my meal last month - and about the simplicity of their smoky mushroom salad (the best i've ever eaten). 

Earlier this year, i read an article in search for Toronto's newest restaurants. I was intrigued by the culinary backgrounds of husband and wife duo chefs and owners (Wayne Morrison and Evelyn Wu). I was lucky enough to make a last minute reservation, and with the food Gods on my side, Evelyn made sure to come by my table, give us a little laugh and walk through the menu. 

It left me with a taste for the entire menu. So we pretty much did, minus a couple of dishes. And what I can tell you is:

- The menu is unique - and truly Canadian. I'm sick of taking out of town guests to Bannock and saying this is the closest to Canadian food you'll get in the city. I'm excited to be able to now take them here.
- The flavours are traditional - i've recently been inspired with the concept of foraging for your ingredients with native species and plants, and this is the first 'restaurant' in Toronto i've seen really do this - example - Pine needle butter and smoke mussels. 
- The menu is creative and inspiring - as a home cook, i left feeling like i'd learnt something (i'm on a quest to have a Chinese mum teach me tea eggs) and i left with a greater understanding of native and historic style cooking. 


It's really is a great experience - while a small restaurant, it touches all the right notes to give you a historic sense of Toronto, with a modern flair. Everything is prepared with thought and intent. Even the red-fife bread i had was such a welcome surprise. I can't wait to come back.笑
Excited to try this Canadian resteraunt we were soon disappointed. When we were ordering the waiter explained for four people it was best to decide what we did not want. A good suggestion. We ordered 11/13 of the sharing plates. While the food was decent there were some crucial 'Canadian foods' missing from our perspective... Salmon, beef, lobster, ...etc. while we understood the concept it was a little bit of a miss. The price for alcohol and 'sharing plates' was also a miss for us. Portions were too small but this is not uncommon at other resteraunts and just as disappointing. 
So in the end we paid for 11 entries that were in some cases smaller than the average appetizer. The four of us have decided we would not go back and not so glad we went.笑
After having my eye on this place for months I finally managed to get my group of friends together to try this place out.  Wow.  Simply wow.  Located on Ossington, this restaurant is 2 years old as of this January.  It's only opened for dinner and only opened Wed-Sunday.  So definitely make a reservation as it was packed when we were there a few Saturdays ago.

To reserve for groups bigger than 5 people you need to call the restaurant - there is one big table at the back (it's almost like a private dining area!) that can hold a bigger group.  When you call to make a reservation they ask that you tell them all the guests allergies/food restrictions.  There are lots of ingredients in each dish that aren't necessarily labeled on the menu.  At first I was a bit annoyed at this but when I got there I am glad we had done so.  I don't eat pork, but I was looking at the pigeon pie on the menu.  Luckily the server knew right away about our table's allergies and let me know that the crust they used - they used lard.  So clearly that option was out for me.  I would not have known otherwise.

The dishes are more like share plates so we ordered a bunch of items:

 - L'Eclade:  Mussels on smoked in pine needles with smoked pine ash butter.   Juicy and flavourful this dish was a favourite of everyone.  We used the bread we ordered to scoop up the leftover sauce.

 - Cured Trout grilled over cedar branches:  The trout was bright and light but the flavours of the pickled onion and roe came across beautifully.  I could have eaten this all day.

- Pan roasted Elk - elk can be a bit gamey...but not hear.  There wasn't a hint of that game taste here at all.  Just pure hearty elk with a celery root and date puree to balance off the elk.  This was another winner at the table

 - Tavern Keeper's Duck - one of the better ducks I have tasted in a long time.  Beet and potato puree and mushrooms - this dish delivered on all counts - fresh and rich, a hint of sweet and salty.

Desserts - we ordered all 3!  The chocolate tart with the white wine poached pear was my favorite - the sweetness of the fruit with the bitterness of the chocolate was delectable.   The Bird's nest pudding  which is a deep fried butterscotch pudding with baked apple and cardamom ice cream was also yum - I mean DDEP FRIED BUTTERSCOTH!  The smoothness of the butterscotch and the headiness of the cardamom were lovely together.  the final dessert was the winter squash cake - my least favourite of the 3, but still a great dessert - it's an Indian Pudding Ice cream with corn brie type dough.  It kinda looked like a crumble.  

Every single dish was presented beautifully and service was AMAZING.  I'm definitely coming back here again...and again...and again.

My new fave in town and it better stick around!笑
Spectacular experience - everything is well curated. Be sure to start placing your order from top of the menu to bottom - the  foie gras and pigeon are a must!笑
My wife and I went to Borealia for a Valentine's Day meal - a prix fixe menu.  The food was very good, and the service was attentive and gracious (thanks Kate!).  My issue was with the kitchen - it took over an hour and a half to receive our entrees, the 3rd course of the meal.  It was a prix fixe menu - very limited offerings, so why did it take so long?  I tipped 15% because it wasn't the wait staff's fault, but it made the substantial bill hard to take.笑
Delicious. Love the selection of meat from pigeon to elk to rabbit, etc. I tried 6 dishes and all were season and cooked well. I'm not much a sweet tooth but the cake was good as well.笑
There's so much good about this restaurant and in terms of quality of food you just can't more refined, more creative, and have more of a story than the stuff you eat here. The whole ingredient list authenticity thing is cool. The pine needle mussels dish seriously smells like you're in a forest (but then you're eating mussels, and you're like whoa, mussels in a forest whattt?, but then they taste so good and you squelch the geographic mysteries). The restaurant is beautiful, the servers are just so damn nice, and the whole place has this quaint, homey, warm little buzz going on. The food is also just so I exceptionally subtle. The dishes have parsley purees, peas, a mushroom salad that was just so tasty in its presentation of different subtleties of flavor between four or five different kinds of mushrooms in a pseudo salad. It's all there. But, I think you have to have a palate that is appreciative of subtlety. If you want volume, if you want bold flavors that kick your ass and then you add some extra hot sauce to it, if you like big quantities that make your burps have flavor two hours later ... This isn't totally your place. I think if there were maybe a few filler items as sides, something starchy, a rice accompaniment, or a portion of vegetables that were simple but filling, that would be the kind of thing that may appease people like me. It's so good though, and the chefs clearly have this culinary talent and vision they place in their dishes. Worth the reviews it gets but caters to a style of eaters that may not be me.笑
This is great addition to the Ossington strip.  The decor is great. It really ties the traditional Canadiana menu to the ambience.  The service was very informed and attentive. The devilled eggs with five spice and sweet soy were excellent.  The Braised Welk was also delicious in a silky smooth Beurre blanc sauce. The share plate menu allows for a broad sampling of their offerings. I especially liked the Pierogies and Squab pie.  

While not a menu for the meat and potatoes crowd it is some beautiful and adventurous food.笑
6 stars!
Boralia restaurant delivered and executed every single dish with perfection!! Inspired by historic origins of Canadian Aboriginal dishes.  Smoked Mussels, bison, venison fois Gras and duck dish are few of my favourites!!! 
Their service was beyond my expectations!!! Ambience set an intimate yet friendly atmosphere.  Food was very soulful and makes your palate begging for more.
This is my top ten favourite restaurants in Toronto.  Kudos to the chefs, the servers, and owners!!!
Priced just right... 
I'll be back!!!笑
4.5*
Boralia came highly recommended from a fellow Yelper and I was happy to finally have the chance to check it out with an out of town friend. 

The exciting part about Boralia is the fact that you will have a chance to try a variety of game meat you are unlikely to be cooking yourself! That being said, the highlight of our selection was potentially the bread which is baked in house and probably the best I have had in Toronto. As a seasoned bread-muncher, I was truly impressed!
Moving on, I really enjoyed the Bison Bresaola. Aside from Sanagan's, Boralia offers the only other Bresaoloa I have truly enjoyed in the city. The pan roasted Elk was also a treat; well seared and nicely paired with seasonal veggies. Considering I had tried my fair share of Elk in Alberta the weak prior, I was happy to see it better prepared at a local restaurant. 
This dish that was the crowd pleaser for our group was the white fish Kedgeree. I was the most skeptical about this dish when we ordered it, but I have to admit it was some of the best whitefish I've enjoyed in the city. The raw scallop dish was also delicious and reminded me of a similar dish from Bar Isabel, except that I enjoyed their version which included grapes a little better. 
Aside from the aforementioned, we also tried the pigeon pie and elk heart. I grew up eating game birds, and really did not find anything particularly impressive about the former, while the latter dish was a bit chewy and reminded me of over-grilled cow's liver. Again, I can see both dishes being enjoyed by others, but they were just not my cup of tea. 

Speaking of tea, we finished the meal with some oolong and lemon cake which was the perfect ending to a delicious meal! 

The service was knowledgeable and accommodating though we did feel a bit rushed at times. Overall, Boralia is another fine addition to the Toronto dining scene and I'm excited about trying more of their creative menu.