When it's hot, it's hot. When it's not, you're better off walking away and going somewhere else. It's a  brutal way to buy food,  but sometimes the entrees at this place just seem tired. 
Orange chicken is always good. Same with the teryaki. Most of the premium entrees are worth the extra buck, but pay close mind to look before you buy. Akso, for this location, takeout is better than dining in. The setup could be better. Looking at people's butts that close while they order and i eat just isn't my thing.笑
This place is always long lines.  Told to wait 6 minutes for teriyaki chicken....ok.   Then they ran out for orange chicken while I waited.  Another 5 minutes wait.  Been here 30 minutes waiting in line and for food.  Meanwhile my other food is sitting cold in the boxes on the counter.  Time to find another location.


Edit.   Oh and when I got home my order was missing items.笑
I will never go back to this ever again. The staff were very rude and the food tasted like it was made in a garbage can from old scraps. The Charming waa very dry and had no flavor, the orange chicken was also dry chewy and tasted old. The egg rolls tasted like onion only. This was the second time we have had an issue at this location. We were given 2 free meal coupons to replace our last meal for our next visit. When I presented them Jean and she very rudely told me I could only use one of them i explained what happened and she said again you can only use 1 you can call the number on the back of you receipt if you have a problem that was after asking for the manager.笑
Typically, I love me some Panda Express but with this one, its hit or miss. If you go around 6pm, All the food is fresh. Yes, you will most likely have to wait for something to be done cooking but that it is usually worth it. If you go any later than 7pm, expect to have some soggy a$$ meat. I have always been used to having my container be overfilled with goodness, but there are a couple individuals here that like to jip you on your food. One time my boyfriend ordered some steak entree, which you pay an extra dollar for, and we came home and there was ONE piece of steak in it. All the rest was vegetables. Very disappointing. We only really go here now if we are really desperate. And it must be around 6 otherwise we wont even go. We aren't down with the soggy food.笑
went to Panda Express many times and it's delicious but I have never gone to this one. I was in the area so I went the Lee Lee Supermarket to get a boba. It was delicious but I'm talking about Panda Express. I got orange chicken and fried rice to go and when I got home and smelt the food, my mouth was literally watering. The orange chicken is delicious but a little spicy. The orange syrup that they put on there is very creamy and it hits the spot. It's crunchy on the outside and pretty soft on the inside. The crunchy outside gives it an incredible texture and the chicken is very flavorful. The fried rice tasted good and it was buttery a little bit. When I was there I sampled the spicy chicken and it was good but not spicy. It tasted like orange chicken but less syrup. Believe it or not, the orange chicken. is spicer then their spicy chicken. I will go to Panda Express again but I don't know if I will go to this location. For this is the best chinese food I could find in the area.笑
I am over on this side of town today. I was decently hungry for dinner and decided to stop in the Panda Express . Very clean and the crew is very friendly. Many different entrées are on display for you to choose from. Good price point if you went with 1, 2, or 3 entree size plate. It comes with at least one side which will be rice or chow mein noodles. Calorie count is posted as well to help you make a good choice if you are watching that.
I went with the two entree size plate. More than enough for one. I had them take off half the side of chow mein noodles. I'm glad I did. Still good sized portions! I ordered the mushroom chicken and honey walnut shrimp. There was an up charge of $1.25 for the shrimp, which the server will ask you if you're okay with it before adding it to your plate. I also got a side of crispy cheese won tons with sauce on side. I drank water and spent about $10. Decent for Chinese fast food.笑
Came to get favorite meal but told out of Chow Mein. Advised it would be an hour or hour and a half before more arrived. Left without food and went to nearby Wongs Jr笑
This location is like a lot of other locations. Seems to be going downhill. Never have general tso chicken. When you order online they don't prepare your order until you show up to pick up your order. Just like the location on northern. Then act as though the order just came in. I gave one star because these things are really annoying. Get it together Panda Express.笑
Had the walnut shrimp and the steak entrée too. Both were good. Staff was friendly and helpful. Was later in the evening,  so not to busy. Once again it is a chain restaurant, so you know what to expect. Overall good experience.笑
Food was old...mushy. Manager didn't seem to really care. My stomach has been a mess since and I couldn't even eat half of the food...yuck!!!