I love Panera I really do but this mall location has me so lost
I don't get it. We came today for lunch my hubby got the pick 2. Mac and cheese and a steak and cheddar sandwich I got just the squash soup.. 
it all goes down hill from here my hubby his sandwich wish tasted like sour milk omg the smell coming off it was so nasty!!!!!! So I was back and tell them ask them for a different sandwich bc that was just god awful so I pick this chicken one and said please no onion or tomatoes guess what was on the freaking sandwich.. yup onions and tomatoes!!!! Why is it so hard to listen to something so dang simple?????????? Put ur little listening ears on and do your job.
But my soup was amazing minus the bread that comes with it meh it was frozen cold in the center . Kinda bummed me out .
Anyway we will still go to Panera but the one across the street not in the mall..Ǿ
The switch over from Paradise Bakery hasn't been as successful as it should have. The customer service had fallen a bit and the food quality has slightly dropped. Overall it's not bad, just a bit disappointing.Ǿ
I had come over to get my lunch and I had a gift card. I couldn't afford to spend any cash on lunch tht day and was depending on the gift card. I guess the systems were down or something because my gift card want going through but the manager Danielle came over and helped me out. I was able to eat lunch because she was so kind. 10/10 would recommend!  They have the nicest people there!Ǿ
My husband, daughter and I chose to eat lunch at Panera Bread on Saturday afternoon. We went to Panera Bread inside Arrowhead Towne Center. We had a short wait to place our orders because the mall's food court was very busy.
I ordered the Italian sandwich with chips and green tea. The customer service was excellent and the waiting time for my order to be ready was relatively short.
My sandwich was fresh and tasty. It was loaded with Italian meats, provolone cheese, fresh vegetables and pesto spread. The chips were crispy and the green tea was refreshing. 
I enjoyed my lunch. Panera is great because they have something for everyone. If you come hungry, you leave satisfied.Ǿ
Really really slow at ringing customers up!  Just watch the Manager direct customers to the self service line only to watch them get frustrated and get back in line with only one cashier and 8 customers in line.  Just wondering why the customers are not important enough for the manager to help...rather than just wondering around doing nothing.  I just wanted to get something to eat  but was unwilling to wait 10 or 15 minuets.Ǿ
Stopped at the Panera Bread in the mall. I was cold from too much air conditioning and wanted a coffee, but since it was 7:00 PM I wanted decaf. The girl behind the counter said well it would take about 5 minutes to brew it, is that okay? I said yes...but then she stood there and tried to convince me that they have 2 flavored options available and wouldn't I rather have those. After being made to feel bad because she'd have to brew a pot of coffee I asked her didn't they usually have decaf at night- she said no. So I just said never mind and left. Wouldn't want to put her out or anythingǾ
I just want to say how incredibly greatful I am to the staff for fixing my order. I did a rapid order pick up and for some reason the app changed the location. I work here in arrowhead and have it saved but I spoke with the manager to show my email with the confermation and they worked it out. Thank you so much Azenet!!Ǿ
Stop by for a quick dinner last night even though I have not heard good things about Panera, we thought we would give it a try. My husband and I got and steak and cheese panini, kids got a ham and cheese and the husband also got a soup. The kids sandwhichs were just ok (how can you go wrong with plain ham) which helped them get the one star, and I will say also that the employees were very friendly. However, my husband and I sandwhichs were inedible. The meat was so tuff you could not bite through it, I ended up just throwing mine away.
I have heard that all Paradise Bakery's will eventually switch over to Panera which makes me very sad because it is definitely not the same!!Ǿ
Came to the mall with my bf today and he decided to get the alfredo tortellini  and obviously when is a pasta with alfredo it means it HAS sauce right ?  well his tortellinis were DRY as they could be he went to the counter to ask for more sauce and he was told that it was already prepared . 
Well I can't even say the name of the person who told me this because she was not wearing a uniform of a name tag.. would give this place a 0 star rating but sadly I can't do that, Ain't coming to this Panera Bread anymore .Ǿ
I was the only one in line waiting to simply order a coffee killing time to wait for another store to open. The girl behind the counter was prepping some other order. I understand she's busy but she turned around, saw me, turned back around and continued without even acknowledging I was standing there. So I left. I'll get coffee somewhere else.Ǿ
Very disapointed.  Salad was bland and girl behind the counter seemed bothered to be there. 
Won't go backǾ
Horrible! Went for a gift card for my 88 year old aunt, and all they had was graduation ones, when I questioned it, I got "uhhhhhhhh"Ǿ
Missing Paradise bakery... Panera shame on you! $12.79 got me a very small half of tuna salad sandwich and a palm sized  ceasar 3 microscopic  pieces of chicken salad oh and a faucet cup of water. The prices are ridiculous they even charge $2.49 for the cup of water because it's a regular cup! My son got mac and cheese meal it was literally 3 teaspoons spoons of  it He's 9 and he was like mom its so small He spent $5.69 for his bite sized meal and water! Even worse is the soggy paper box they put food in kinda like left over feel. Do not try this place it's not worth it.
Someone needs to re- train employees so they stop skimping on food.Ǿ
As a fan of Panera from back on the East coast, I'm really happy they've moved into the West Valley!
Thankfully there's one now located at the food court in the Arrowhead Town Center mall.
The staff were pleasant, profession, clean, welcoming, answered any questions, and even asked if we wanted a description of the menu items we ordered which they've never done before when we were back on the East coast.
Menu can be well seen on the well, and well lit.
The surrounding area was clean including the order counter tops.
No lines and two cashiers taking orders at the same time made things go smoothly.
Food as usual was good, filling, tasty, fresh, and hot!
They only lost a star because we asked for one of our orders without the accompanying salt and pepper but it tasted as if it did. (-1)Ǿ
Went in for lunch. It is serve yourself ordering and they bring your food to you. I ordered the 1/2 Turkey and Avocado  BLT and the Fuji Apple and Chicken Salad and ice tea.  It cost $13.00. I could have added a sweet treat like big cookies or pastry for $.99 but passed this time.  I got some ice tea and sat by the window.  It was about 2 pm and it was about 1/2 full of customers.  It took about 15 minutes and it arrived.  The sandwich was very tasty and the turkey was roasted and real turkey (not that deli stuff)  and fresh avocado sliced and bacon, though it was on the small size.  The only thing on the white bread was the crust  was very chewy and limp.  The salad was pretty good size and really good with every kind of green you could imagine and pecans, a little crumbled cheese, chicken and a nice dressing. I am not a big salad eater, but this was really yummy.  The whole lunch was really refreshing, and though I was full (couldn't finish the whole salad) I wasn't weighted down and ready to take a nap.  If you register a little card they give you for rewards etc, you receive free tea, soda or coffee for a month.  I really liked my lunch.  It was not fancy inside but modern, clean, and everyone was very nice.  I plan on going there for lunch again real soon.Ǿ
Enjoyed eating dinner tonight not crowded at all for a Friday night. Loved the salad green goddess dressing surprised that they don't have Ranch dressing. Sandwich really small white bread yuck chicken avocado Blt 3 little pieces of bacon. Thank god the salad was good!