I want to like this place, and I've gone to all their locations. But they lack customer service and consistency. They forgot the sunflower seed protein balls in my paleo box (discovered this after I walked back to my office which was 20min walk). I emailed them and no reply. Not even an acknowledgement even thought their auto email says they will get back to me as soon as possible (it's been 2 weeks). Also, although I love their cookies and cream with the paleo cookie, the girl who served it to me one time dropped the box on the floor and picked it back up and kept using it. Then the second time I came back another girl gave me one scoop of ice cream the size of a golf ball. I told them "I've been coming here for a while and ordered this many times before and there was more ice cream than this", after all I'm paying $7 for a cookie and ice cream. The girl looked at me and showed me the scoop and said this is what we always serve to customers this is the size of the scoop. No honey, not the day before, or last week, or the 5 other times I've ordered this at this location. 
Needless to say, even though the food is alright, with poor customer service and no replies to complaints, I won't be coming back here even though I've been a loyal customer for about two years.笑
Aren't all these locations pretty much the same?  The food is consistent from one location to the next.  

I like the salad bowls.  Freshly prepared with a variety of ingredients.  The dressing is always the perfect amount for the portion.  I'm going to get the hot sauce with everything from now on.  I really wish I knew about it before.  

Oh yeah, I like getting a kombucha because I can taste the sweetness and the fizz without the guilt of drinking soda pop.笑
Quick, clean, healthy options.  The treats are surprisingly good -- I tried the raw cacao vanilla energy ball and the chocolate chewy nut bar, both of which were chocolatey, chewy, and flavorful, but surprisingly oily too (probably all the nut butters); the paper bag was splotchy from the oils, but it tasted pretty good.

The cauliflower tahini bowl was less exciting though.  Nothing really wrong considering it's mostly raw veggies, and the cauliflower was pretty tasty, but there wasn't that much cauliflower, although overall it was a pretty hearty portion size.  I added a single falafel for $1.77, and it was not worth it.  That's pretty pricey for one falafel, but the bigger issue is the falafel was not good at all.  There was no crunch to the exterior, and the texture was really mealy and mushy and dense.

Perhaps stick to the juices and bakery items.笑
Picked up a lunch bowl Oaxaca, that I meant to try for a long time. 

Really like the idea of Meatless and not so Wheatless. Like the idea that this place caters for people who prefer a plant based diet. And is also Organic for the most part I think. 

The bowl comes with brown rice, beans, kale, corn, white radish (daikon), some corn chips, salsa, guac and cashew cream. 

The rice was warm, the beans and corn and everything when mixed had really good flavour and seasoned to perfection. I think the dressing salsa, cashew cream need to be ordered on the side instead of drizzled on top. Would definitely go again and try other bowls. 

Took some hot sauce in the side and boy was it good. Jalapeño, lime, cilantro/parsley and perhaps a lot of salt. 

Would go back just for that!!
Will try the Desserts soon.笑
Great gluten free and vegan options. 
This is my favourite vegan fast food joints in the city. 

The sweets are a must try. The coffee is descent but not something I would go out oft way for. 

The PB mocha shake is the best drink in the city !  

The big Kim is the best vegan burger in the city. I even like it more than a meat based burger.笑
they arent open til 1030pm. the hours listed are wrong. I arrived at 8pm on monday evening and they were closed笑
I'm not sure if people are aware that this place sells salad boxes - very similar to iQ but meatless. Been working in the area for a good 2 months and always thought they only sold baked goods.

Got the First Canadian box and it felt very fresh and clean. Had a whole bunch of quinoa, chopped up kale and cabbage. The maple dressing was something I looked forward to, but I found it tasteless even after using the entire container. I usually only use half of the dressing given, so that was a bit of a bummer. There's no meat in the box, but I was surprisingly very full from eating it and it lasted me until dinner time. For a meatless box though, it is a little pricey.笑
This is better than IQ but it lacks good service. 

The portions are decent and generous. The tahini bowl is delicious, and so is the Oaxaca. I like the sweets, too, but I find the prices to be excessive! $3 for an energy bite? Come on now!

I hope they'll post the nutritional information on their website soon. 

Can we get new options? We are kinda bored of eating the same thing by now. Thanks!笑
Food: The selection of salad is amazing. I have to say that they give really decently large portion sizes for each order. My fave salad to order would have to be the Oaxaca (Pronounced like Wa-Ha-Ka). It combines the crunch factor of tortilla chips and my fav guacamole spread in there as well as your usual greens and mixture of healthy ingredients. 
My other fav would have to be the Cauliflower tahnini salad--- I LOVE LOVE LOVE the dressing. It has so much garlic flavours in there and I personally like the fact that all the dressings are served on the side. I like the fact that I can add my own amount without the salad being overly drenched. I love that each salad has their own specialty salad dressing to go along with the ingredients. This is not your traditional toppings to allow for a variety of textures to play in your mouth. Each salad is designed uniquely and paired with a completely different taste of salad dressing. 

For breakfast, I love treating myself to the delicious waffle with the cashew dressing/sauce. It taste delicious!!! Some fruits are served and topped on the waffle and I can be full until later afternoon with this filling breakfast meal. 
I've also had their house-made granola with maple poured in it. It taste good but the first few times I ordered, I felt that it tasted too dry for me and afterwards, I always remember to have them drench the granola so it tastes less dry!

Location: This is located in the beautiful lower concourse level (near the food court) of the brookfield place building. It doesn't have a line that often and all the staff are very nice. 

Price: Each salad is too costly after tax. I can never finish my salad in one sitting anyways and often have at least half the bowl leftover. For a small eater like myself, I wish that there would be an option to order "SMALL" and then I would not waste the salad like that and actually feel like I'm not wasting $15 on a salad lunch. 

I had to take off a star only because I can't treat myself to this salad lunch all the time due to how costly the salad would be. BUT I LOVE THE FOOD!

Keep On making good stuff for us !笑
Came here for lunch (Brookfield place food court downstairs). Nice looking take out place, I got the K&K's waffle ($7.50+ tax).

The waffle was seriously disappointing because the texture is very hard and chewy. Even though it says "house made", it seemed to be made before hand and reheated or was just sitting there for too long. It wasn't light nor fluffy. It was a struggle to cut through it with my knife.

Topped with blueberries, hemp seeds and maple syrup. However, I was also disappointed in the coconut-cashew cream-- it was lumpy, unevenly spread out on my waffles and it lacked cashew flavour.

On the plus side, my friend's Burger of the day was delicious-- nice blend of creamy, crunchy and tangy from the avocado, tomatoes, yam, rice and salad.笑
Maybe I'm spoiled but I found this place a complete rip off. Sure I get most of their food is organic, but the price of a meal is almost double what Salad Days (in Yorkville) costs for about 2/3 of the portion.  

I had the "burger", which is a basically a black bean patty with quinoa and a fairly fresh salad.  The presentation in the cardboard box was nice but the actual patty itself was disappointing.  It was too mushy and I've had black bean burgers from different places and they were much better than K&K. 

Honestly though, I could probably live with that if the portion wasn't so small and expensive. It costs about $13 tax in and I'm still hungry.  

I seriously don't get why all these healthy places like Freshii, this place, etc. charge so much when it's really just veggies.  Salad Days has it right. Charge just enough to make a profit so you have less spoilage and please your customers.

Anyways, as for this place...not a fan. Sorry.笑
The service is quick and painless even during the busy lunch rush. Ordered the Oaxaca meal but by the way, this meal is around $10.39 which is really pricey for what they give you. The portions are actually really small.. You will be 40-50% full after eating this if you usually have a big appetite. The taste of the Oaxaca was okay but nothing outstanding. I don't see why this place is charging a premium for what they offer you. Probably won't try this again because the price is so steep.笑
Went on a bit if wild goose chase to find this place.  I went in the wrong building but used the path to find it.  There was no line during lunch rush which was surprising.  I had the Oaxaca salad and the Green juice.
Very filling for the price and portion size.  Will be back for a smoothie bowl in the near future.笑
I tried Kupfert and Kim the other day for lunch and it didn't disappoint! I had the Oaxaca salad (obviously because it came with guac) and although it was expensive, it was very filling and flavourful. I want to go back to try some of their baked goods!笑
To be honest, I decided to come here because it had the shortest line in the food court. I understand why theres not much of a line -- its pricier than most other lunch places around. But its very healthy and I felt good eating it, but also delicious. 

The salad bowls are the way to go. I got the oaxaca, which was delicious. I'm a carnivore, but this was very satisfying. The food came out pretty quickly and I was on my way.笑
Amazing food. Smoothies are to die for? 
Its pricey though. CAd7.5 for a smoothie is alot. Wish they will reconsider the pricing:(笑
I pick up lunch from this place 3 times a week for the past 6 months.  The quality is OK, however, lately the quantity of the food has been FAR from being consistent. 

Sometimes the box is 1/4 empty, 
Sometimes they don't add enough dressing,
Sometimes they forget to add an item.

For example they used to include 5 pieces of Tempeh in "first canadian place" but nowadays there's only 3 and they're super dry. 
It is disappointing to see the management doesn't care about these issues.  There's no place to provide feedback on their website!