Prince's is right around the corner from where I live, but I'd never seen it before a friend took me and my fiancee out last night. 

We got there a little early, so I pulled up the Yelp reviews, and I was worried about all the smoke that was mentioned, but looking forward to some great food. 

We walked in, and its a dark little spot, with a bar set up in the corner, and a handful of tables. 

It was a LITTLE smokey, and you are allowed to smoke inside.  It wasn't bad though, and I'm very sensitive to excess smoke, but it really wasn't awful. 

Our server/bartender was awesome, offering recommendations, and checking up on us frequently.

For drinks, the guys had a shot of a Serbian brandy, which I was too scared to try.  
I had a fresh squeezed orange juice with lemon drink that was awesome!  I actually had two.  My fella had an "orangina" which was like a non alcoholic mimosa (sparkling water with oj type of taste.) 

For appetizer, we had sarma, which is lamb, rice, and spices wrapped in cabbage.  I would eat this all day, every day.  It was wonderful, and the portion was enough for three of us.  

The boys got salads with tomatoes and cucumbers, which I hate, so I wasn't a fan, but if you like these kind of salads, you'd probably enjoy it. 

The bread basket was great as well.  The bread was crisp on the outside, and soft on the inside...just wonderful, and went well in the "sauce" of the sarma. 

For the entrees: 
I had Ćevapi sausage sandwich, with homemade bread, onions, and a butter/sour cream type sauce.   The sausage is veal and beef, and was very flavorful. 
Not 100% sure that I enjoyed it on the bread, because it fell a part a little, but I loved all of the individual aspects of the dish.  

My fella had Makedonska Pljeskavica: Ground steak stuffed w/ mozzarella, ham, mushroom, and cream cheese spread on house made bread. This was enormous.  I thought it was pretty tasty, but he wasn't fond of the cream cheese filling.  The meat seemed to be more of a gyro meat consistency, which again, he didn't care for.  I loved it though, and thought it was great. 

My friend had Karađorđeva šnicla: pork loin schnitzel stuffed with mozzarella cheese, cream cheese, and ham; rolled and breaded; fries; slaw. 
This was the best entree, and I don't like port.  lol  It was really tender, and delicious.  

Portions were generous for the price.  
I have every intention of coming back, and frequently.笑
My curiosity is piqued every time I find a rare Balkan cuisine spot, and I make trying their food and testing the ambiance for authenticity a priority.

This restaurant is the size of an average cafe and kept dark and cool most days.  The bar at the end is typically occupied by a lot of gruff, affable Balkan expats watching sports and smoking, something we could see but not smell from our spot due to what I assume is excellent ventilation.

Don't let the size of the venue fool you, they serve up some serious grub.  The šopska salata was fresh, delicious, and spot-on.  The sarma was beautifully-constructed but the kisela kupus had taste/texture of having been frozen (not that big of a deal). The sampling of beers and spirits from the region was wonderful and punctated a great walk down memory lane,  We left so full and happy that we can't wait to come back.笑
This is nothing to compare with real Serbian food. The service is beyond terrible, the food is as well terrible. For there shopska salad, they use the cheapest roma tomatoes, and while you pay $5.50 for a plate, you have about 3 soup spoons of salad, seriously??!!
The chevape who ever says are out of this world or best in there life, those people probably never ever tried authentic chevape!! They have no taste, they were over cocked, they did not even smell on chevape. Same as the pljeskavica... Tasteless rubbery ground meat. Veshalica was acceptable but again not even close to how should be. Big plater with meat for at least 3 people to eat but fries for one person...what s joke.
Nobody cares if u enter it or not, very unwelcome atmosphere, very dark, have to use phone light to read the menu. 
Service was unbelievable terrible, the owner was there but he dose not care for customers, the only thing this person cares is to put money in his pocket. 
We asked for bread 3 times and ketchup as well... On the end waitress asks if everything was OK???! Seriously???
Don't waste your money.., and it's a lot of money as this place is very very OVERPRICED !!!!'笑
Burek is rubbery. Sarma is a little salty. Chevapi is rubbery and bland on soggy bread. The place is also a dirty small little bar that is dark and not well cared for. You have to pay for water which I was I sort of preferred at this dirty establishment. 3 stars because I did not get food poisoning and because it does have a somewhat authentic Eastern European feel.笑
It's friday, I'm starving in my room after playing "the secret world" for 5 hrs; I decided to check yelp for something different. 
I've found this little niche near my place without pics and decided I've give it proper pictures. We all know without pics we're not going. 
I parked in the back because driving by in the afternoon sunset was difficult to see. Really must pay attention. 
The restaurant is cozy, clean, and the manager who greeted me was friendly; along with the staff. 
Since this is the first time being in a Serbian I asked to try their traditional foods. "stuffed cabbage(beef, rice and no tomatoes)", "cucumber salad with tomato and feta cheese", and "cordon bleu"(baked stuffed pork(homemade cheese, and ham with sour creme) along with a special homemade dipping sauce(bell peppers, tomato, garlic all hand chopped and cooked really long to make it pasty and purée). 
Appetizers are around 7ish and entrees are about 15ish. 

overall, the stuffed cabbage and cordon bleu hit the spot. :)

Anyways check out the pics and if you want to try some European Serbian food this is the spot. 

4 stars meets my standards for cleanliness, atmosphere and the only Serbian restaurant I know out there so I cannot compare.笑
What a gem, when you're homesick and want some home made food. The cevapi are great and the service very friendly and homey. Cute and quaint.笑
Great mediterranean cuisine (Yugoslavian) food

I ordered for $19.99 the small Meat Plate for one person with Pork Steak, Cevapcici, Pljeskavica, Sausages, french fries, Ajvar and salat"

It was good and much meat笑
I live in the LA area and whenever I'm in Vegas I make sure to stop here for some Serbian food! Is it 100% authentic? No, but good luck getting that outside of Chicago...it's as authentic as you're going to get in the western United States and I'm a big fan! I love their Karađorđeva šnicla and burek...the Ćevapi are OK, not as good as Aroma Cafe in LA but still good. My girlfriend (not Serbian) has had the goveđi gulaš and sarma and she seemed to like both...I tried both and they were good, though not as good as my mom's and deda's cooking :D The service has been great here every time I've gone, MUCH better than my one experience at the other Serbian establishment in Vegas, Cafe Derbi. On that note, all the smoke is a legitimate concern and not for everybody, but having been to Serbia many times and not being a smoker myself I guess you could say I'm used to it...still, this place is WAY more ventilated than Derbi, even if it's smaller, so if you're worried about smoke while you're eating (and rightfully so) this is the better option.

I love me some Prince...I'll be back next time I'm in Vegas! Vidimo se!!! :D笑
The best way I can describe Prince is by calling it a dive bar with greasy Ukranian/Serbian food, except in a good way. The décor and atmosphere are nonexistent but the staff are friendly and the food is good. They have a full bar and indoor smoking- patio seating available if you're not a fan.

Majority of the clientele here are from Europe, so don't get offended when you're asked where you're from- it's not meant in a rude way. But don't be a stereotypical boring American diner and get the shish kabob, ask for a recommendation or pick something from the specialty entrees section and prepare to be impressed.

I opted for the Makedonska Pljeskavica, which is a gyro-like meat stuffed with mozzarella, ham, mushrooms, and cream cheese, between two slices of soft, oily bread. Definitely split this order, as it's a giant portion AND unhealthy. Add a shopska salad to lighten things up- cucumber, pepper, tomato, and feta with a vinegar-oil dressing.笑
Had been wanting to try this place for a couple years and it was well worth the wait. 

The service is very good; what you would expect at a European café... attentive but not overbearing. Leisure atmosphere. 
I was glad they had Karlovačko on the drinks menu. Even though they did not have any in stock we still enjoyed a Nektar beer. It's so hard to find these beers in Vegas. 

We both had the mixed meat plate... First let me say, as expected the portions are enough for 2-3 people. We could have easily shared a plate between the two of us, but we were looking forward to taking leftovers home. 

It comes with ćevapčići, pork steak, pljeskavica, and additional meats, salat, pomfrit, and a basket of kruh. Everything was cooked to perfection. It wasn't the best ćevapčići, but it captured the overall flavor. 

Looking forward to coming back.笑
Food and cigarettes don't go together. A specially in a restaurant. When you walk insight everyone is constantly looking at you. Food is ok but not that important if I am gone get home sick from everyone smoking in a 1000sqf small place.笑
Came here with a friend last night  Food was real good, Better than aok. Don't know if ill go back but wouldn't rule it out. 
Pros: food was tasty. Service was good. Price was great BUT
Cons: smoking inside restaurant is gross.
The say it's Mediterranean food, but not like Paymons. It's more like Bosnian or Serbian food.笑
We never miss a visit to Prince when we are in Vegas! Best cevapi and palacinke!!!笑
This is, to me, the best place to eat and relax. The staff are very nice and welcoming and the food is extraordinary. My boyfriend that I have been seeing for over a year now is Serbian and he has introduced me to foods I will never forget. Try the Sarma! Trust me! If you have never tried Serbian cuisine and want to, this is the place to go. No cons about this place! Delicious and life changing. Worth every penny!! Don't think twice... Indulge yourself and enjoy.笑
I really love the Prince. Food here is awesome. They have the best cevapi so far. Also they have the most delicious crepes, what comes with nutella and plazma. Costumer service is excellent. I've got some good vibes from this little reataurant. Quick service, friendly people, excellent food. Highly recommend this place!!笑
While my family and I enjoyed our lunch, the downside is that this small restaurant doesn't have a designated smoking area. We ordered beef, spinach and cheese burek, french fries and cevape. Everything was delicious and the server was attentive but we ate inhaling unwelcome secondhand smoke from other tables. Probably we won't come back.笑
Amazing!!!! The čevapčiči (sausages) are out of this world!! Best I ever had outside of Europe...by far! Fresh Bread a bottle of Karlovačka (beer) and great service...how can you loose?笑
One of the best... delicious  food and lovely  stuff team. I am there all the time. Breakfast  lunch diner  voffee..... thank you. Sta reci nego svaka.cast. jedan ste od bolji restorana. Bio sam u utah arizona i California  ali vi ste najbolji. Ukusna hrana ljubazno osoblje. 5+笑
From now on, I'm just going to leave when someone isn't willing to serve free water with a meal. It seems to be a warning sign that you are being taken for a shmuck. After I point out the good, more examples of being taken for a rube.

The good:  Our server was gracious and attentive. The Ćevapi, Pljeskavica, pork schnitzel and Kruh were fine. You should order them to go

The bad: We were not allowed to order tap water. only bottled. I get the feeling that not being from the Balkans will substantially change what you are charged and served. Maybe you will experience something different. They nickel and dimed us for some sauces, which isn't that big of a deal, but it would've been nice to have been told this would happen. I asked for hot sauce, i got some canned hot peppers.

Don't get the meat plate. The chicken, sausage, and pork on a stick were disappointing. pan friend meat without salt or flavorings. I suggest just ordering the above a la carte.

The front of house atmosphere was lacking, not a place for an adventurous first date, even if you know they don't mind dive joints. Lots of dark corners and bright florescent light, I felt like i was eating in a back alley. 

If i return, i'll bring along some Serbian friends. Or, i'll ask them to check it out so i can further investigate if non-Balkans are taken for a ride.笑
Burek! Great Serbian food. A must try are all the specialities. And the Serbian coffee.笑
This place is amazing!!! It's a tiny little cafe, but it has amazing food and feels like a tiny piece of Serbia in Las Vegas笑
The food was ok nothing special the spinach burek  was not fresh you can see that they heat it up the design inside very simple笑
The Prince platter is an amazing feast for 3.  Paired with a rakia, it's perfect.  This little hole in the wall is worth the trouble of finding it.笑
Food was awful. Heated up frozen pitas and cevapi that smell so bad even after walking 2 miles and starving we could not eat the food there. Save your money and go to in N out instead you will have better food and service. Terrible experience, I will never come back and neither will any of our friends and would definitely not recommend to anyone.笑
Probably the best Mediterranean/Balkan food in this area. Their cevape where amazing, homemade kajmak and ajvar was incredible. 

The bartender/server was extremely friendly and polite!

We definitely recommend this place!笑
I come here every time I'm in Vegas (from LA) , and it's hands-down the best Serbian food on the west coast! I recommend the Pljeskavica (a Serbian kebab-burger) with Kajmak, it's large and delicious. Serbs do meat right. 

The service is good and polite and did not wait too long for the food. 

P.S. not sure why people are mentioning Ukrainian, there is nothing ukrainian in this restaurant.笑
Very nice place. I bring my wife here all the time. The food is excellent but that waiter Milos every time I come in he keeps hitting on my wife. He always offers to drive her around in his green BMW. But she likes it so I give them five stars.笑
Very authentic Serbian Cuisine!! Place is a little small but most hole in the wall places offer the best food, and Prince is no exception! Must try the cevape, so delicious. If you love European or Serbian food this is gonna nv to be your new favorite spot!!