Below average food quality. Meatloaf was a grilled patty drenched in gravy. Patty was burnt on one side. A real dive. It's not that hard to serve better quality food. Get it together.Ǿ
Food was good buy overpriced. The lady behind the register was straight up ignorant and rude!Ǿ
Not impressed at all. The waitress kept interjecting herself into our conversations. The drinks were empty most of the time. The food was clearly not fresh made. Salad came from a bag. And who splits a hotdog lengthwise and serves it on a piece of bread for a kid's meal? Seriously? 

What's confusing about this place, and many places in SCW is that the people come here in droves. When you get old, do you somehow lose your tastebuds entirely or are you just willing to accept cheap crap because it's cheap? I just don't understand it. But I will say if my in-laws suggest it again, it will be met with a resounding NO.Ǿ
They call it the Benedick McArnold for a reason 
What a Rip off and "cheese sauce?"
Poor quality poor service plain and simpleǾ
Friday AYCE Fish Fry was good.  U have a choice of baked or fried cod, soup or salad, & fries or baked/mashed potato's.  All was very good!Ǿ
For the price, Carrie's Cafe provides a good meal.  If you are looking for top of the line, then Carrie's is not the right place.  But for some good home cooking, Carrie's is quite good.  The staff were attentive but not overbearing.Ǿ
Local restaurant in Sun City West Arizona if you want a good home cooked type of meal recommend them very much. They have a variety of food on their menu along with fish fry Friday night and they're great special they have every night. Then coming here to Carrie's for over 20 + years.Ǿ
Good breakfast. Very attentive service. Friendly. Happy to see you. We came there because another restaurant was too crowded. We decided this will be our new place to go.Ǿ
The Food Is Not That Good Would Not Feed it the dog the service is real slow never going backǾ
My grandparents always go here when I visit. It's a small family owned business, nothing to write home about. I've never been there for breakfast, but their lunch/dinner entrees are typical family owned diner fare. Their sloppy joes are above average if you're into that sort of thing, and I had a pretty good bacon cheeseburger (the patty was cooked well-done as I had ordered, and the bacon was thick). The one thing about this place is the repertoire they seem to have built with their customers.  They know my grandpa, and always seem to know many of their other customers when I'm there.  This is in a retirement community, and I always feel so young in there :)Ǿ
The food here is fair. The staff seems pretty snarky. Our waitress accidentally spilled food on us, which is okay... I mean, accidents happen. The thing that I found to be upsetting is the manager didn't even offer to discount my meal or anything, which I had plenty of time to stew over as I sat in ranch dressing stained pants for the rest of the day at work. The waitress offered to pay for my lunch, but I didn't feel that that was necessary... I feel like management should take care of these things, not the waitress. I did appreciate her offer though, which is why they get two stars over one.Ǿ
We were in town visiting relatives & came here with my husband's grandmother for breakfast.  (It's a regular haunt for her & her friends.). In fact, they seem to have a lot of regulars who are greeted by name.  The food was nothing fancy, but it was decent & the service was good.  In particular, we were impressed with Diego.