A few years ago, I tried the bubble tea at a COMEBUY in Taipei.  It was pretty good.  When I saw the signage that one was opening along Queen West, I was quite excited.  

We ordered two drinks: one passion fruit and one lychee.  Both were from their special menu.  With each of these came a free large bubble milk tea.  Altogether, 4 drinks came out to around 10 bucks.  (FYI: The promotion ends on August 11th.)

We all enjoyed our drinks and thought they were well made.  I especially liked the tapioca pearls.  They were cooked perfectly, had the right amount of chew, and had a hint of sweetness to them.  

All drinks are customized, so for your sugar and ice, you're offered a choice of regular, less, half, a little, or none. 

The bubble tea competition is pretty intense.  Overall, I think they are better than 168 which is their closest competition in the area.  The prices are pretty much on par with other establishments.  

I went again and ordered the apple iced tea.  What a refreshing and delicious drink!  This came with aloe and tiny bits of apple.  

The servers are all very friendly and want to make the customers happy.  Thanks COMEBUY for another tasty beverage!  I will definitely come buy another drink when I'm in the area!  

BTW:  They have stamp cards for frequent COMEBUYers.  :)Ǿ
Pretty good bbt place for the areaǾ
No the prices still do not compare to the Asian Comebuys but at least we now have one more great bubble tea place to choose from in Toronto.

The tea quality is very comparable to Chatime but the pearls were a little tough. 

It would still not stop me from going there (and of course, Chatime) for a great cup of bubble tea. Don't bother going anywhere else than theses two places.Ǿ
Friendly cashier, fast service, customizable drinks, boiled-to-perfection tapioca, delicious flavours, Comebuy have everything I would want in a BBT shop. I just came back from Taipei, and this small Bbt booth could rival any of the Taiwan big names- TenTen Tea Times, Chun Shui Tang, they got nothing on ComeBuy. Love their Passionfruit 3Q drink, wouldn't mind one every hour.Ǿ
Easily the best bubble tea shop in Toronto. They have an excellent variety of drinks that are made to order from fresh ingredients. 

The tapioca bubbles here are the best I've ever had, and if you aren't a fan of tapioca, they also have different flavors of jelly as well as basil seeds and QQ (the QQ here is sooo tasty!). They also let you choose how much ice and sugar goes into your drink which is good if you are watching your sugar intake. 

The staff here is awesome. They are always friendly, quick and very accommodating to any special requests. 

My favorites drinks are, Brown Sugar milk tea, grapefruit and lemon with QQ, and the hot peach oolong.

Make sure to grab one of their stamp cards, so you can save up for a free drink and right now there is a promotion where they will upgrade your drink from a medium to a large for free if you like them/check in on FacebookǾ
Comebuy on Queen Street is the only store in all of Canada. I was so excited that this Taiwanese franchise has expanded to North America, but in all seriousness, they have some catching up to do. 

With the sudden influx of bubble tea shops (ie. Chatime, Easy Drink Easy Go & ShareTea), shops need to up their game. 

The bubble tea at Comebuy is mediocore, and tastes similar to 168 Teashop. The milk tea was bland, and the tapioca was tough to chew on & under-cooked. I ordered the QQ Milk Tea, and for over $5.00 I didn't feel that it was worth it. Of course, it's a lot more pricey than Asia, but the taste is also incomparable. 

Tip: The drinks here aren't too sugary, so if you order 50% sugar, your milk tea will taste like water. 

Tip2: like them on Facebook to upgrade your drink size free of charge.Ǿ
Nothing special, on par with the 168's of the bubble tea world with a few additional toppings that I don't think I would ever try.

P.S.  and what is with the name?  Getting a little ahead of ourselves aren't we?  I'll admit that I did "Comebuy" the first time out of curiousity.  I seriously doubt I would ever "comebuy" again though.Ǿ
I finally went to Comebuy!!  I have to say their drinks are pretty good! I bought Grass Jelly Milk Tea for myself and Lychee Juice for my friend and it was refreshing ! I recommend people to try it out. The cashier was very friendly and helpful with providing suggestions/recommendations about their drinks. She gave me suggestion on what kind of sweetness would be the best for lychee juice, and I have to say she's right ! Although I had to wait a bit for the drinks, but I guess it's quite worth the wait. 

However. I see people not in uniforms wandering around behind the counter doing nothing. This makes the shop looks unprofessional. It's more like a hangout place for friends. I would prefer my drinks to be made in a more professional environment.Ǿ
I've been meaning to stop into Comebuy for some time. I always pass by this place on the streetcar on my way to work and it seems so mysterious to me because it's located in a deserted warehouse that never seems to be filled. Plus I'm always looking out for a new bubble tea shop that  meets my tastebuds.

I'm still trying to understand Comebuy's name... not sure if it is as self explanatory as it reads... "Come Buy" A Drink?

Anyways, I walked in facing a wall full of drinks.... probably more selection than I've seen in a long time, and many more unusual flavours like Snickers Smoothie and Grape Yogurt... which I cannot find elsewhere. I was feeling like variety so I ordered a Passionfruit QQ which came with Tapioca, Aloe Jelly and Coconut Jelly. I'm not a fan of the Passionfruit but it was surprisingly refreshing and the texture of the tapioca and jelly had a good bounce to it.

I'll definitely come back to try something you can't find elsewhere. The service is friendly and patient so I was able to take my time figuring out what I really wanted :)