J'ai essayé avec quelques amis et ... Bon ... Ben ... Veni vidi vici, quoi ! Au moins, je l'aurais essayé !
L'une des serveuses, la jeune, est particulièrement agréable, pas la plus âgée ... Mais la musique d'ambiance, de style rétro, était agréable ainsi que le décor.
Il y a d'autres sushi places à Montreal, quoi !笑
One of my favorite sushi place in Montreal with Tri Express.

Everything is always fresh and delicious. I recommend to try the beef sashimi, and the mikan roll. Simple but so good. I always order different "chef's specials" but I always get these 2 things for sure...
Other dishes like teriyaki or noodles are a bit less surprising but still good. 

The service has always been perfect. Nothing to say about it.
The ambiance is ok, generally the music is not loud at all and people remain pretty quiet, that's appreciable. Not too crazy about the interior design but WHO CARES!

Almost 5 stars; The only thing I noticed, is that it's not as good and fresh when you order to go. A couple of times I ordered sushi or udon and I was really disappointed. So you'd better want to eat in.笑
I don't believe in ratings. Just go or not. This one is NOT.

Sushi are cheap and too much cucumber.

Do not go here.笑
We purchased a group-buy coupon for Oishii Sushi, but when we wanted to make a reservation, their phone went unanswered and their mailbox was full.  We sent an email asking if they were still open, but received no reply.  Their website did not indicate anything out of the ordinary, and so we figured that they were bad with phones and drove down hoping to just walk in.  The place is completely shut down, with the windows papered over.  A sign on the window said "CLOSED FOR RENOVATIONS - REOPENING FEBRUARY 2012" ... but it was already March.  How can you close your restaurant without indicating as much in your phone message and website!?  Unbelievable.

*** UPDATE ***

Oishi Sushi has re-opened, and we were finally able to redeem our coupons.  The food was decent, but over-priced.  The only dish that stood out was the grilled tuna steak salad, which was really good.  The service was, however, atrocious.

First, it was slow, despite the fact that there were a lot of servers on the floor. Second, one of our servers had to return to the table twice to confirm our order because she forgot.  Third, when we tried to pay, our server charged us the tax TWICE (which was over ten dollars), and when I respectfully asked her what the charge was, she argued with me for a ridiculously long time that the tax had not actually been charged twice, huffing and puffing, rolling her eyes and sighing exasperatedly as if I were the problem and basically and making a huge scene before finally (loudly) calling her manager over.  The manager, at least, immediately saw that the tax had been charged twice (it was an obvious mistake), apologized, and corrected the bill.  But all in all, it was a really uncomfortable exchange.  I get the feeling that this restaurant just does not give two flips about its patrons.笑
I am a regular customer at Oishi Sushi and this is one of my most favorite sushi places in Montreal. The food is always fresh and amazing. The appetizers are so yummy, particularly the scallops and the tuna. I think I have tried each single dish on the menu. My favorite sushi on the menu is the Rainbow. But really everything is great. 

The customer service is also very good! And the manager is super sweet and pleasant lady!笑
J'ai essayé ce Resto pour la première fois ce week-end. Je n'ai pas été déçue!
Tout était délicieux.. Les sushis sont super bon, le poisson bien frais! À essayer!!笑
I am absolutely devastated. Hoping for a pleasant dinner around the dining room table with some friends before we head out to begin a night of partying to ring in the new year, I placed an order for about 50$ of food. An innocent enough request -- however, you'll never guess what happened next. After an hour and a half of waiting, feeling pangs of hunger deep in our stomachs, the delivery man arrived. Our total was 43.60, and, lacking any smaller change, my dear friend Miranda handed him three twenty dollar bills. He asked how much she wanted back and then told her he did not have any change. Being university students who lack the means to tip 15$ for a small food delivery order, we requested for him to find change for us. He then left. We opened our food -- half of the orders were inedible. Soggy, cold, only half cooked. One order was wrong. The miso soup was beginning to form a thin layer of ice. We called back, complaining, and they proceeded to block our phone number. We called on another phone, and after that they blocked that number as well. We are now waiting for a new order to be delivered... but our hope is mostly gone.笑
I went there for dinner the other night, everyone in the restaurant was super friendly and the food was delicious. They have all sorts of menu items for sushi lovers and non sushi lovers alike.笑
Seulement testé en livraison. Tout était excellent ! Frais, originaux et beaux makis.笑
I'm a true sushi connaseur having travelled to Japan a few times or eaten in little Tokyo in LA. The sushi here is comparable tuna not pink (signs of frozen)  and very tasty. Just the right taste in the rice no sugar taste. If you like authentic this place is as close as you'll get in Montreal.笑
We visited Oishii sushi a few days ago with a Groupon voucher that we bought previously. Though it said that we had to present the voucher by paper (printout), upon calling and asking, they said that it is okay to bring it on your mobile phone. 
When we arrived, we were quickly seated and we told them that we had the Groupon voucher. After checking/validating the voucher, we were brought menus and the waiter explained how the Groupon prix fixe worked. 
We got: soup to start (miso/seafood miso) for 2, an appetizer of our choice up to $8 (more expensive ones were available for an extra surcharge), a special maki to share, and chef's special plate of 25 pieces of sushi. 
We were pleasantly surprised at the quality of the food and the maki. I love maki, and I was extremely satisfied with my chef's plate which included 5 types of maki with 4 pieces of sushi. Though the quality of the fish used wasn't the most fresh, their maki and sushi selection was great and I'd definitely return again for another great dining experience with or without my Groupon voucher. I'd recommend this place for those who are looking for some good Japanese sushi in Montreal!笑
Had a great experience at this restaurant. Went on New Year's Day and the place was practically empty. The Holiday might have contributed to the fact they had the largest cuts of sushi/sashimi I've ever experienced at a sushi restaurant. Fish tasted super fresh as well. They had creative specialty rolls and the miso soup was homemade. I thought the restaurant was affordable in comparison to my Normal sushi experience.笑
We've tried Oishi Sushi last night based on a friend's recommendation.  I am a bit of a sushi snob after working at a high end sushi restaurant back in my college days, but Oishi Sushi really exceeded my expectations. There were a lot of options and our waitress recommended a few dishes to try based on our preference. Contrary to what other reviewers wrote here,  we actually had great service. I highly recommend trying their sashimis, but the stand out dish for me was the scallops. We will definitely be returning!笑
Our favourite Japanese rest in our neighbourhood.  Small place.  Nice sushi and sash ini selection.  I enjoyed Udon noodles there last time I went...but the Tempura was a bit on the soggy side.笑
I went there 2 times for dinner in the last month. I enjoyed them both.  First,  I got their sashimi plate, good amount of rice but not in excess, vegetable as decoration and 15 pieces of fresh fish. The white tuna pieces (albacore?)  were melting in the mouth! Second time I got the sushi plate.  Again, really good.  Those two plates in table d'hôte meal are a great mix.   For parking (a problem in that neighbourhood), I would recommend Jeanne Mance or Esplanade.笑
Really surprised this restaurant has received a handful of bad reviews. I have eaten here several times and loved it each time. The service is excellent, the staff is very friendly & hospitable- they even made us a roll that was not on the menu! The decor is very nice, especially during the warmer months when all the front  panels are removed. I would recommend trying the Rainbow Specialty roll & the roll with Basil. All the rolls are presented nicely and tasted very fresh. Prices are extremely reasonable, around $1-$1.50/ piece.Lot of variety in cocktails, a friend ordered the Ginger martini and really enjoyed it . For dessert, make sure to try the Green Tea ice cream! Overall, very highly recommended. 

Bon appetit :)笑
Very excited to have this as my neighbourhood sushi joint. Solid place for when you're after delicious raw fish, ethereal tempura, and some warm sake to make you extra happy.笑
Originalité, diversité et raffinement. Voilà comment je qualifierais cet excellent petit resto de sushis de la rue Bernard. Chaque fois que j'y suis allé, je n'ai jamais été déçu. L'ambiance calme et décontractée est propice à la dégustation de ces petites bouchées tombées du ciel. Bref, on y retourne sans réserve mais sans oublier de réserver, car il y a souvent beaucoup de monde, surtout les week-ends.笑
Kind of like Japanese tapas (Izakaya?), you can get all sorts of interesting small dishes, like orange salmon canapes, oishii lobster (our favorite!) - including strawberries and served with shrimp chips, and many others.

In a city with a bad reputation for sushi, Oishii manages to put together a very interesting and solid selection of quality dishes, and is still reasonably priced, at least in 2010.  Definitely a neighborhood go-to spot, and at the same time unique enough to please visitors to the city too.  Definitely to be recommended.

Great for groups too, as they have a decent amount of space, and I think they have 1/2 price cocktails on Thursdays.笑
A nice sushi restaurant on Bernard in Mile-End. They have quite a few innovative choices, if you are looking for something more innovative and less authentic. The prices are a little high and the habit of cutting rolls in 5 make sharing a little more difficult. Good atmosphere, good heating, even near the windows. Service are smooth and well done. Parking in the neighbourhood is difficult.笑
La déco est sobre, mais moderne et jolie. Ils ont un excellent rapport qualité prix, et la livraison est gratuite. (J'avoue, mea culpa, on est de grosses feignasses!) Mention spéciale pour leur Maki et notamment le Maki Printemps! Un de mes sushis préférés de Montréal!