First, I am easily corrupted by blood pudding. If a restaurant have it on the menu, I go crazy and fall in love with the place almost immediately. The good news is, that place have a really good one and it's home made!

Second, I am easily corrupted by oysters. (yeah I know ... I will suck at being a good country leader) They serve fresh oysters with a good choice of toppings at a great price. (Not too expensive and not dangerously cheap).

Third, they have a very interessting wine selection and I tryed orange wine for the first time there! 

The place is lovely and the staff is really great! Give it a try :)笑
Very solid all-around performance in the Plateau area; my wife and I felt like we were a part of the scene and maybe away from other tourists since this was a relatively busy Friday night meal.

We tried the scallops with black pudding, the calamari and the ravioli appetizer, and a lamb shank main dish (we wanted the pork chop, we were told it would be lamb that night, but it still tasted like pork to us!).  All pretty tasty, nothing truly amazing, and the wine by the glass prices were close to reasonable.  And warm bread served as a starter also worked well.  Our server was very attentive and I love any place that lets me book on OpenTable.笑
Definitely overpriced for the quality of food, wine, and service. They seated us in a cramped spot next to the drafty windows, and then took about 15 minutes to take our order. The oysters and octopus were quite good, as was the beef filet, but the risotto was plain and the wine (at $42 per bottle) was of poor quality. I wished we had sent it back... But I didn't want to make a fuss. Such is life... All of our other meals were excellent笑
SERVICE IMPECCABLE !!! (Benjamin)
Accueil chaleureux comme nulle part ailleurs 
Toujours aussi délicieux (ma 4e fois)
Grande variété de tapas (très recherchés)
Mon coup de cœur, coup après coup: la salade de tomates de M. Legault (mozzarella di buffala) wooooooooooow
Les pâtes cavatelli façon carbonnara: un must.
Saumon légèrement fumé : un délice.笑
My girlfriends and I just arrived to Montreal on a rainy evening. We were walking the street hungry and getting desperate. A waiter was just leaving this restaurant and after talking to him, we were convinced to try it even though we didn't understand the French menu. Best meal ever. Even though the menu was in french, the server took the time to describe the ingredients and dshes to us in english. We sampled scallop seviche, salmon tartare, cooked salmon, pasta with clams and had lava cake for dessert! The server even put a sparkler on it as a way to welcome us to Montreal. I made friends with the patron next to me and was given a list of other great restaurants to try. I also took a shot of grape liqueur which tasted like fire but hey when in Montreal, do as they do! Definitely will go back here if I visit Montreal.  I enjoyed the atmosphere, the food presentation and taste, and the service.笑
Très sympa ! Service génial, repas très bon, 40 dollars pour un 3 services de qualité ! 

Bon le vin est pas donné (mais tres bonne carte)  il se rattrape la dessus je dirais mais dans l ensemble très fun !笑
Très bon et service très agréable笑
Went there for happy hour last Wednesday.  Food was great.  We shared a couple of appetizers and a full course meal.  I got to say that the highlight of the evening was the wine selection.  The waiter was passionate about wine and about us finding the right match to our meal. Loved it!笑
Toujours un vrai plaisir que d'aller prendre un verre au manger Chez Victoire.

Petit spot découvert à l'été 2010, essayé qu'au printemps cette année et tout de suite adopté !

Premièrement, l'endroit est bien décoré - on dit que la déco intérieure est presqu'identique à celle du Pistou (resto qui occupait le même local avant l'ouverture de Chez Victoire), mais puisque je n'y ai malheureusement jamais mis les pieds, je ne peux me prononcer là-dessus.  
  - J'aime beaucoup les photos format géant des années 60-70 affichées sur les murs du resto.
  - On s'assoit sur les grosses banquettes, au bar ou aux tables hautes au milieu de la place, aux petites tables à l'avant du resto ou, en arrière, sur la mezzanine (espace idéal pour les party privé ou souper de groupe).  
  - La musique est bonne (parfois un peu forte... mais bon) ; on y retrouve un DJ live juste au dessus du vestibule !  
  - Dès que Miss Météo le permet, on peut manger dehors à leur petite terrasse sur l'Avenue Mont-Royal.

Secondo, le service est super ; les serveurs et serveuses sont très gentils et le proprio est souvent sur les lieux.  Je ne sais pas si c'est pour nos beaux yeux, à mes copines et moi, si c'est parce que nous y allons souvent, ou si c'est de coutume au 1453 Mt-Royal E., mais on se fait toujours offrir un petit shooter à la fin du repas (une petite concoction maison avec, entre autres, de l'Amarula et de la crème chantilly).  C'est aussi très cool et apprécié de se faire reconnaître dans un établissement quand on y retourne souvent (en fait, selon moi, c'est la moindre des choses que de se faire "acknowleger"... dommage que beaucoup de restos/commerces/services ne capitalisent pas là-dessus ; faut bien les traiter nos bons clients !).

Terzio, la bouffe !  Ici, on mise sur les classiques, le comfort food aussi, et on y ajoute quelques punchs ici et là.  Je ne peux pas dire que je n'ai pas tout aimé ce que j'ai goûté ; jusqu'à présent, tout est délicieux :
  - Oeuf 67° (Faut absolument essayer cet entrée cuite sous vide !)
  - Salade de poireaux + oeuf poché (Délicieuse et réconfortante.)
  - Salade de tomates heirloom et Tartelette de heirloom (Les deux entrées : hyper léger et frais !)
  - Tartare de saumon (Servi avec des crevettes popcorn croustillantes, du wasabi...)
  - Boeuf 1855 (Viande est tendre à souhait, bien cuite et servie avec un beurre aux herbes.)
Le shortcake aux fraises (Divin.)
Sans oublier les cocktails maison !  Mon préféré : le Plantation ; un cocktail à base de gin (Bombay s.v.p.) et de jus de pamplemousse aromatisé de basilic frais et de citron.  Slurp !

*La liste, évidemment, n'est pas exhaustive ; je n'ai pas encore tout goûté (je reprends souvent la même chose) ; je me laisse l'occasion d'y retourner... souvent !


Bien chic ou décontracté ; la semaine ou le week-end ; en groupe ou en couple ; pour bien boire et/ou bien manger : Chez Victoire.


NB : sans le savoir, lors de mon dernière passage, j'ai été agréablement surprise ; nous sommes arrivés Chez Victoire après 22 h... et TADAMMM !  Nous avons pu profiter de la promo 20 $ après 22 h; une sélection d'entrées et de plats principaux offerts à un très délectable petit prix.  J'aime !!!笑
Après y être retourné plusieurs fois depuis mon premier avis je ne peux qu'augmenter la note de ce qui est un de mes restaurants préférés de Montréal.
Service au top, une qualité de plat très haute, une carte des vins magnifique. Un lieu où la gastronomie vie dans cette ville.
De plus dernièrement ils font leurs pains maison. Comment ne pas encourager ce superbe commerce ?
Définitivement une superbe expérience à chaque fois :)笑
Vraiment ravie de ma decouverte de la semaine! Chez Victoire m'a présenté des bons prix, et je recommande le plateau de charcuteries, ne prenez pas l'option fromages pour 7$ de plus parcontre, c'était une perte à mon avis. Les huitres sont à bon prix, 18 pour 40$. J'ai aussi pris un drink avec de la coriande et j'étais très impressionnée, il était délicieux.

Le smoked meat avait une sauce BBQ sucrée, pas trop dans mes cordes mais ça dépend des goûts. Pour ma part j'ai commandé le thon albacore servi avec une sauce Wasabi, je donnerai un 7/10, le poisson lui-même était impeccable mais le mélange des saveurs n'était pas si harmonieux.

Service : Gentille serveuse mais elle nous a apporté nos plats séparément, donc chacun notre tour on a du regarder l'autre manger son repas principal. Elle m'a dit qu'elle avait mal compris, je n'ai aucun problème avec ça, mais lorsqu'on se demandait où était le deuxième plat je crois qu'elle était aux toilettes puisqu'elle était introuvable pour 15 minutes.

Pour l'endroit, mignon restaurant mais vous devez être confortables avec les tables longues communes, celles ou on est assis à côté d'étrangers. Heureusement Chez Victoire n'était pas occupé donc personne ne nous touchait les coudes à la table ce soir là.笑
So good I totally forgot to check in!!! I came with 7 people and we decided to go for 5 different plates x 2 and get a charcuterie to start. Everything was super delish, but what stood out for me was the Roasted Cauliflower with Truffle, such an amazing dish!!! The other dish that I thought was outstanding as well was the Cavatelli! So much flavour, and so many clams! Honourable mentions goes to the Carpaccio of Céleri Rave, the Beet tartare, and I can tell my table loved the charcuterie (it's not my thing personally) but the bread was awesome as was the pickled brussel sprouts and moutarde en grain. 

Great ambience, and wonderful service, the food came out timely and we all had a lovely time. Definitely recommend it!笑
I went for a friend's birthday on a saturday night at 8pm. We were a party of eight and despite that the service was good. Because I had a late lunch and wasn't very hungry for dinner I only got the Bloody Cajun (bourbon, clamato, chipotle, BBQ spices), the tuna tataki and shared the mozzarella for two people. Everything was delicious.I really enjoyed the mozzarella and the croutons but I didn't eat the peas or the radishes that were also in the bowl. Three of the guys in the group had entrees and shared the AAA Angus Prime Rib 1kg aged 45 days (which is good for 2 or 3 people). It came with bone marrow and seasonal mushrooms & vegetables. It looked so good. It was a lot of food! I enjoyed the food so much that I wanted to go back to try their late night menu so I went back three weeks later on a saturday night after 10 pm.  

Their late night menu is so worth it!! For $25 you get either 1 entree and 1 main or 1 main and 1 dessert. I had the bloody cajun again because I liked it so much the first time. I had the bison tartare which is 5$ extra. The portion was small but it was delicious. I think its worth the extra $5. You have the choice to eat it with bread or crouton. The olive oil that they give you  was so good that I was dipping my crouton in the oil and then putting the tartare on top of the crouton. The tartare was placed in a clam shell which I thought was a very cute presentation. I then had the AAA Angus beef which came with fries and salad. This dish was an extra 3$. The beef was cooked the way I like it and the fries were very good. I didn't eat much of the salad.There was way too much of it. My date had the eggplant meatballs. It was good but not very filling for him. To me it tasted like spaghetti minus the pasta. We shared the Affogato dessert which consisted of vanilla ice cream, aero chocolate, espresso and salted caramel. I'm not big on dessert but it was delicious! It was like eating a coffee crisp chocolate bar with ice cream. I like this restaurant. Its a good date restaurant and also good for dinner with friends. I recommend it!! The food and drinks are good and affordable!笑
En arrivant on est impressionné par le volume du restaurant, espace ouvert et disposition original de l'espace avec une table en longueur, parallèle à l'imposant bar, l'inconvénient c'est qu'il n'y a pas beaucoup d'espace pour circuler. Concernant le service rien à dire, agréable et rapide. Pour moi mon tataki de bœuf, mon cochon braisé et le riz au lait, tout était parfait bien assaisonné et en plus assez copieux. Concernant les autres plats, on pourrait dire qu'un pétoncle était un peu light pour une entrée, et qu'il y avait un peu trop de saveur différente pour la truite. Pour accompagné tout ça une carte de vin assez complète. Pour finir un prix plutôt correcte 45$ pour un menu complet avec du vin. Nous y retournerons.笑
Je n'avais jamais entendu parler de ce restau avant qu'on passe devant et je n'ai pas du tout été déçue ! Nous avons pris le menu dégustation pour 4 services à 55$ (peu cher comparé aux autres du coin) et c'était tout simplement délicieux! Un gros gros faible pour l'entrée de buffala! En plus, l'ambiance du restau est super! Les bières sont giga (1L) et sont 12$, donc tu en commandes une et tu en as pour la soirée!!!! ahah

Un endroit que nous avons recommandé à beaucoup de nos amis et nous y retournerons c'est certain!笑
Such a pleasant surprise! We arrived after randomly choosing this restaurant for the "MTL a table" event this week and the group of us were each extremely impressed. They had a huge drink selection of all price ranges, a nice atmosphere, fantastic wait staff and delectable multi-course meals. Dirty plates were not kept in our way for long, water glasses always filled, and a service check was done after each course to be sure of our satisfaction (without being annoying!) while the event is a discounted menu tasting, their normal menu seems to have very favourable prices considering the type of food you get! Needless to say, I will be back.笑
Nul doute que de bons produits sont cuisinés ici. Le problème est que les plats ne goûtent absolument rien. Aucune saveur.  Aucun condiment, ni corbeille de pain à disposition, sur les tables. Les assiettes sont plutôt bien présentées, mais elles laissent à penser que les serveurs ont besoin d'avoir une bonne prise en main, vu le néant occupé sur un gros tiers. 

Belle carte de vins, mais s'accrocher pour les prix qui font d'autant plus mal quand votre bouteille de rouge commandée n'est pas à température ambiante, mais aussi froide que votre verre d'eau.

Il s'agit tout de même d'un bel endroit, avec des serveurs sympathiques, mais attention aux collisions fréquentes dues à l'étroitesse des couloirs de passage. Une personne en chaise roulante aurait bien du mal à se déplacer ici.笑
Excellent! Toujours satisfait... Les tables d'hôte a 30$ le dimanche soir... Régaleront vos papilles!笑
One of my favourite places on Mount Royal for a drink with a friend when I want to talk quietly and put delicious things in my mouth. The wine list is excellent and the staff are super informed but not condescending, they are excited to talk at any level about the wine their sommelier/owner has selected. They are also just generally super friendly and chill. The food here can be too pricey for me for a casual evening if I'm really hungry, but I've also had delicious filling amazing vegetarian dishes here that seemed totally appropriate in their pricing, so depends a bit on the menu that day I guess. The roast cauliflower is one of my favourite things ever, and allllll the desserts are daydream-worthy.笑
Bland food, terrible and slow service. Waited 4 hours for a 3 course meal. Wouldn't go back there. There are many excellent french cuisine restaurants in Montreal, this isn't one of them.笑
Service impeccable, gentil et courtois.

Beau, bon et cher.

Est-ce que le prix vaut l'assiette?
Je doute...très bon...mais je pense que les plats sont 5-7$ trop cher.

Mais ne vous méprenez, les plats sont préparés avec des ingrédients de qualité et probablement la plupart du Québec...mais une salade de 10 tomates cerises et de buffala à 15$ + taxes...je trouve cela abusif, sachant que le 100g de ce fromage coûte 6,50$.

Je suis mitigée pour le recommander...car je trouve qu'il y a de meilleurs restos dans le quartier.笑
We went on a Sunday evening, when they have a crazy good deal with three courses for $22. Each plate we tried - and with a table of four we tried nearly everything available - was delectable and exciting. The contrast of the corn in the lobster bisque was mindblowing. The service was top notch. I don't know how they manage to pull it off, but it was full when we went so I imagine the great deals coupled with the volume makes it possible. So nice to see a restaurant living up to its potential!笑
Attentive service, exceptionally prepared food, good wine list. Atmosphere is open loft style. We ate at the long high top community table, and it felt uncrowded and was good for our party of 7. Music was an unexpected mix of vocal blues and jazz, and was a bit off putting. I had the smoked Jerusalem artichoke and the scallops. Delightful.笑
Mmmmmh that was a good find! I shared a huge steak with a friend and it was HUGE! One thing though, we took foie gras on top and it wasn't good... And I know my foie gras!笑
3 X and each meal was delicious and with great service from the waiters.  Love the Sunday night special price for the fixed menu choices. Great place for special meals with out of town visitors.笑
There are somethings in life that are so delicious, so sumptuous, that it's hard to describe, hard to give text to an experience. Hard to give them the proper justice they deserve. Many of these things are food, and while the entire meal at Chez Victoire was one of the best I've ever hard they served a french onion soup the likes of which could only be rivaled by Sense Appeal in Toronto. 

It's hard to describe the pure bliss it was to taste that soup, but if I were to take a simple stab at why the experience was so amazing I would say this, balls. The french onion soup is a ball, a crouton ball with liquid soup on the inside and on the top of said ball is a thin sliver of gruyere. When you bite into it your mouth instantly becomes the french onion soup bowl.    Stunned. 

Also, I had oysters, gin cocktails, and risotto. All amazing. Get there and try it!笑
Three #YelpClubdesVins events and I feel fully eligible to write a happy review for Chez Victoire. 

Definitely five stars wine list. Not your standard one, as an example you can actually try few orange wines if you'd like something different. The wonderful and knowledgeable staff will gladly recommend a wine pairing for your dish. 

Inventive food menu, small dishes full of surprizes. I'm still dreaming about the tuna tataki I had during the first wine event. The menu changes often and that dream hasn't come true again. The price of the plates may be considered as a little bit high for the small portions, but as high is the quality. My last experiment with the menu, Pomme de terre Gabrielle, paired very well with the red from Domaine St-Jacques, local Quebec wine maker. At first glance the dish may look like potatoes covered with egg white, but in reality it is a nice blend of flavours, including black pudding and roasted chipollini. 

The room of the bistro is beatiful, the long bar and tall tables arranged in the middle look like a gorgeous place to be from the private area of the second floor. And did I mention how courteous is the service! Five stars out of six!笑
We hesitated visiting this spot because we were trying to avoid pricey dinners during our Montreal trip. We walked by this spot several times (a block from our rented apartment), and finally caved. The best meal we had in Montreal! 
-Went on Sunday night around 8pm; 4 course meal for $30 on Sundays!!
- both ordered same courses: mozzarella/tomato/edamame appetizer (mozzarella melts in your mouth!), second course was salmon tartare (salmon and fennel /radish relish was great, bread a bit soggy); 3rd course was wild mushroom risotto (really rich but so freakin' good!); 4th course was dessert , chocolate lava cake (great quality chocolate)

Service was impeccable; accidentally brought out 1 of our courses too quickly, so gave us glass of wine in the house! No service like this at home in Miami.

Worth it!笑
Nice place to meet up with friends for after work drinks or have a romantic date. The service is excellent and I love the decor!笑
Tres Bon plats, un peux Cher. Service est lent. Si vous prenez l'option a 5 plats, soyez prets a rester 2 a 3 heures.笑
Came here on one of our first weekends living in the city and loved it. Dark lighting, nice atmosphere with trendy clientele. Had oysters and beef tartare to start and then a pork-based entree. My wife had fish which was flavorful and cooked perfectly, and wait staff was knowledgeable about the wine list. Would definitely go back.笑
This place is absolutely fantastic. The very best in Montreal. Even my picky boyfriend loves it. The ambience was romantic. We were there for there late night menu. I got the veal liver. Omg! The texture is just stunning. The dish had a great balance. The soup was good. I got chocolate lava cake for dessert. Awesome too!笑
I want to like this place... I do. But it's very ordinary. Mediocre food. Bad service. If you like to wait for the waiter to acknowledge your existence while you desperately try to get his his attention to simply order a drink... Then this is the place for you. I've been twice. Same story. They did comp us a free drink, which was generous and the right thing to do. Stay away from the bloody caesar, it's not worth the money.笑
Lovely restaurant like many others on Mount royal! It's very fancy and spacious on the inside. On the outerside it doesnt seem so grandiose inside but don't let the outside of this place fool you! Its amazing and looks very exclusive. It's a hidden gem ready to be discovered. I came here many times for yelp wine club elite events prior to my account be deactivated for personal reasons. I enjoyed their fine selection of wines and the ones that have been suggested to try out. Their food is as well very delicious and refined. I had they roasted cauliflower a huge cauliflower head drizzled with a delicious and flavourful sauce! I definitely recommend this place for a quiet dinner date or a great event with friends to catch up and get to know better. The atmosphere is amazing since it's quiet and not over the top. 

I had a lot of wonderful memories and can't complain at all! Service and food is super quick and easy. The freshness is a top 5 stars 100% recommend

Overall, I will definitely be back to try out other great food items on their menu yummmyyy笑
Best charcuterie board to date.  They kind of give you too much, but it's all quality.

The smoked beef burger is pretty juicy and good.

Come here if you want to satisfy your hunger for at least 1-3 meals...笑
Troisième visite pour manger chez Victoire (et deux soirée Yelp découverte de vins) et c'est toujours une réussite. 
Ce restaurant est un de mes lieux préférés de Montréal. Étant devenue vegeta*ienne cette année, je n'était pas sûre que mes prochaines visites soient aussi plaisantes que les premières mais le personnel est très attentif. Lors de la réservation, j'ai à chaque fois demandé si il était possible de m'accomoder et cela a toujours été fait de manière très sympathique et polie. 
La carte des vins est choisie minutieusement par la sommelière et propriétaire Cindy qui se fait toujours un plaisir de nous conseiller dans nos choix.
Bref, un incontournable de la scène culinaire montréalaise.笑
Most exceptional place in one of the loveliest and upbeat areas of Montreal. Non-chalant and chic atmosphere even late at night on a Thursday (the day we had late dinner), most courteous personnel, epicurean-savvy.
The menu and wine list were easy to navigate, yet hard to get through - so many competing& compelling options :) We ended up with planche de charcuteries maison, pave de saumon sauvage, bonbons de foie gras de canard & cassolette de champignons de saison, along with a Pinot Noir from Closson Chase, Prince Edward county.
A culture gem, most definitely ;)
--------
--------
Just noticed that Alexandre Gosselin, Chez Victoire's chef, is competing in Gold Medal Plates 2011

http://goldmedalplates.com/c_montreal.html

GOOD LUCK! :))笑
J'y suis allé pendant Montréal à table. Les variantes de menus étaient très intéressantes, les entrées, plats et dessert étaient très bons. Le staff peut vous conseiller sur les vins.
Prix un peu au-dessus de la moyenne mais ça vaut le coup!
Ambiance chic, beaucoup de couples笑
I love this place! I go here all the time cause it's close to my place and it seems to always be open when other restaurants are closed. Great wine, good service, nice vibe, and interesting music. I love the salmon tartare and the oysters. Yum! Oh and the warm chocolate dessert is one of my favorite ever. I recommend this place for lots of different occasions: a big group party, a date, a family dinner, or just drinks at the bar. Oh and also, all the waiters and chefs are hot. So that's nice.笑
I recommend relaxing into a seat at the bar at Chez Victoire.  That way, you can curl your feet up under the stool and chat with the friendly staff, maybe get their recommendations for wine pairings through your meal. That's what we did, anyway, and we had a great meal, with none of the problems with slow service mentioned in other reviews. I really liked the atmosphere, which was comfortable for long, wine-fueled conversations. 

The oysters were fresh, and the salad of buffalo mozzarella, heirloom tomatoes, edamame, pine nuts, basil, and a sweet balsamic dressing was well balanced. The salmon tartare had a refreshing twist, with rock shrimp popcorn, lime, radishes, little bits of avocado, toasted bread, and wasabi. At first I was missing the little crunchy bread that normally accompanies salmon tartare, but a few bites in I'd forgotten all about boring old bread.

A great place for a cozy, low-key soirée à deux.笑
I visited Montreal for the weekend to celebrate my birthday with my best friend and we came to Chez Victoire for our first dinner in Montreal for that weekend. The hostess greeted us so nicely and helped us through food and wine recommendations. We ended up ordering a bottle of red wine and white wine per her recommendation and they both were great choices. We started with the charcuterie board with cheese which had an amazing assortment of meats and cheeses. For dinner, we shared the Tomato salad, Roasted cauliflower & truffle and Foie gras terrine which were all amazing! At the end of the evening, we were super satisfied with our choices at Chez Victoire and learned the hostess was not only helpful, she was the owner. Thank you again for making our evening so amazing and for the wonderful experience.笑
Classy ambiance, incredible service and high end food. 

I'd been drawn to this restaurant for weeks just because of the gorgeous art deco-style painted windows facing the street. Even before I got inside, while standing at the doorway inspecting the menu posted there, some of the evening's guests came out to stand on the street for a cigarette. They raved about the food and assured me I must go in and give it a try. I was not disappointed!

The cocktails were good, and my very large scallops seared to perfection. My date had the smoked meat sandwich, which in all honesty was the best in the city that we've found so far. This place is worth the cost, if you're looking for a fancy dinner out. 

The music was great the entire time, and the lighting perfect. Cozy and comfortable even though we were seated very close to other couples on a romantic date. 

Oh, and before I forget, IMPECCABLE service. The restaurant was packed to the rafters but we were still attended to like royalty. Just a very high class place, but still with a casual vibe if you don't feel like dressing up.笑
Actual rating : 3.5

Food : very good. The flavors and the cut of meats were very well selected and well prepared. I had the pork and it can out extremely tender. 

Good wine list.

Service : we were seated up top and I did feel like we were somewhat forgotten ; we had to flag the waiters. 

Decor/ambience : just meh. There was nothing special with it, TVs kind of killed it for me. 

Overall : yeah the food was good, but I expected something more considering the prices. I don't know what it is but it just fell short of something. Not a bad place at all, but not my first choice.笑
One of the greatest appetizers, good main course, good wine and cocktails, great ambiance, and comfortable booth but slow service.

We'd have been drinking more if the server came by more often but well because of that we saved money :) 

Next time when I go there- I will absolutely go there again, I will definitely order several appetizers and skip the main course.笑
Very good quality food, awesome service, a bit pricey but definitely worth it as the portions were quite big and the food is absolutely delicious !

I took the risotto as an entrée and then I shared the three desserts dish with my friend and that was quite an experience !!! The three desserts were DELICIOUS. 

With three desserts in the same dish, you would expect smaller portions than a regular one dessert dish, but we were served the portions you would get by ordering each dessert separately and that was HUGE, it was a wonderful and very tasty experience!