So I pull into the drive through at 6:35PM 1 car in front of me finishes ordering and I pull up I order the guy barely understood me but he finally got my order. I get to the window and asked him to confirm the order and he said we already did so i politely let him know I had a hard time understanding him (he was white Zach I think) so he finally does then I ask him why the line is moving so slow. Mind you my daughter is sitting in the front seat he starts cusing and saying that he works with a bunch of Fing idiots and crap like that and I tell him that I didn't appreciate his swearing and he's like Oh F you got kids in the car he closes the window. I go to the next window and I get another girl and I make a comment on how long I have been in line and shes like well I don't know hands me everything and walks away. I pull away from the drive through window at 6:50 PM Horrible service and most of the food was wrong order chicken gordita supreme got beef. Ordered soft tacco supreme not tomato all of them had tomato and they told me I had a huge order (5 soft taco supreme's, 2 chx gord sup, and burr box meal) I hate going to this Taco bell always have horrible service.Ǿ
This location must be under new management. I go more often then I should, my son loves the DLC Tacos, and every time we drive thru. The customer service is outstanding! They are so friendly and always make sure my order is correct, which it always is. I have not had a bad experience there aside from some of the questionable customers that show up. This is the only Taco Bell I love to go to.Ǿ
Avoid this Taco Bell at all cost. Do NOT give this place any business whatsoever. They have some of the worst customer service I've ever dealt with. There is one worker in particular his name is Sean. He is rude and doesn't care about making the customer happy. Very unprofessional! I was going to spend a decent amount of money there by buying all my co workers food mind you I have 15 co workers. And thanks to Mr. Sean I didn't spend one penny nor do I plan to ever again. I've been going to Taco Bell for many years now and I never have I got treated the way I did at this one. I guess home is where the heart is because at my local Taco Bell on 30th St and Thomas I always get the best service. It's a shame that the employees at this Bell location have no idea what they are doing. Even as I spoke to the manager he wasn't of any help. He didn't care to take care of the situation and ignored me. Its okay though I rather go give my business to Filibertos who serve actual Mexican food!Ǿ
I have to agree, maybe new management...but order was 100% correct, man at window was very nice. Why would anyone keep going back for years, if it is so bad?? I hope they get some more high stars to help their overall rating.  We will definately be back.Ǿ
I love this, and all taco bells, they always get my order right, have new things, are friendly, and the food is bomb (even for fast food)

Nothing like 3 huge burritos for $4 instead of shriveled soggy burgers you get on other "dollar menu" items.Ǿ
We have NEVER had a togo order that has been correct from here. EVER

I am talking about 9-10 years worth...Ǿ
Tristan hooked us up with a Fiery Doritos Locos Triple Double Crunchwrap (DORITOS SHELL FOREVER) and it was absolute LIFE after a hike and then several beers at North Mountain Brewing Company. 

We got a crap ton of other things, but I won't list them because I don't want to hear your judgements, Susan.Ǿ
It seems like we have issues every single time we come to this location. Most of the time, we wait in the drive thru kine for literally 20 min. Tonight we went inside because the drive thru was backed up. SHOCKER! We were in line for 10 minutes before anyone even acknowledged that we were there. They finally called out to us their apologies and that they will be with us shortly. A few minutes later, one of them came to take out order. He was actually very nice. He gave us the senior discount and free drinks for making us wait so long. We waited another 10 minutes for our food. We finally got home and realized they left out my nachos. Nice! 

It seems that someone in the drive thru had a very large order.

People, if you are going thruu drive thru for half the items on the menu or ordering like 30 tacos, go inside. Stop making the drive thru so congested, making me, an injured person ordering a couple of things, go inside because you are to darn lazy to get out of the car. Not just at Taco Bell, but all drive thrus. It is inconsiderate, but more so annoying. 

I think that the management needs to take a look at the wait times. It is a constant problem. They just need to figure out a better system.Ǿ
The girl taking the orders was rude. She rushed our order. We ordered one item and she told us our total and informed us the order was complete. She totally disregarded us after that. The young man at the first window was however very polite and added to our order with no rudeness. This Taco Bell would be great if they just fired the lady who lacks any knowledge of customer service.Ǿ
People are really nice... Service is really slow.  Tons of people in the drive through. Happening place.  An obvious friend of the staff is disrupting the smooth flow of the establishment.  Place is clean too.  They did offer me a drink for the inconvenience of waiting so long so that's a big plus.Ǿ
Horrible place, they charge for everything such a sauces.. Not enough chicken on the quesadilla. DO NOT GO THERE!!!! It's a rip offǾ
Imbeciles - "forgot" half of my drive-through order, and didn't notice until I got home. No apologies or anything. This place sucks!!!!!Ǿ
I come to this Taco Bell every once in a while and i haven't had a bad experience so far, the food is usually well prepared and the customer service is good or excellent. It's better than some other Taco Bell's I've gone too in my opinion mainly for cleanliness and customer service. Also they usually acknowledge the wait times and you can tell they keep that in mind. Drive-thru is always a great experience, from the runners having a funny conversation with me while I wait for my food to them giving me free drinks to compensate for the wait times.Ǿ
Drive thru order taker refused to change my drink size, said it only comes in large. Ummm, what??? In retaliation, when I was given my large drink the lid was not on all the way so it spilled all over my car. Every time I come here there is some problem, usually with the 2nd window not the 1st. Drive the few extra miles and go to the Taco Bell on Cave Creek and Bell.Ǿ
I don't know about everyone else but my food is always fresh and fire as fuuuuuuuq when I get it no matter what time of day I go there, compared to the other taco bell's in the area, this one is always on their shit \m/
It's worth waiting the 15 minutes in line for, be patient people can only work so fast, if they got your order right and the food is good one shouldn't complain.Ǿ
What's there to say about Taco Bell that hasn't already been said about wet socks. It really isn't an issue until about minute three when it's highly advised to locate the nearest restroom to change before any real damage occurs. I'm quite puzzled as to where people are getting this holier than thou judgement on a fast food chain. "The lady was rude..." Of course she was, she's probably been dealing with people in Lego filled mini vans who have chosen to haul around Satan's offspring in the back seat screaming out, "why can't we wear our batman shirts everyday when dad gets to wear his orange jump suit everyday." Lets be honest with ourselves here, gracefully accept your #6 taco surprise with a side of pepto bismol and hope it has enough mercy on your soul to allow you to make it home with the same pair of underwear you started with. Three stars for being a reliable day care for the worst people every state has to offer.Ǿ
First, I'll admit I'm a die-hard Taco Bell fan... but beyond that, I've always gotten great service from this location. They're always nice to me in the drive-thru and their service is usually quite fast. I recommend it all the time.Ǿ
Drive thru at this Taco Bell sucks!!! I have been sitting her for 20 min for only 4 cars. Just to get our orders taken it took 10 min for the first car....Ǿ
Have been going here for YEARS with no problem..... Tonight was a nightmare!    There were only two cars ahead of me in the drive-through. It took me 10 minutes to get to the speaker where I could order. Then an additional 8 minutes to get to the first window to pay.  When I mentioned this to the cashier she corrected me and said no it was only 7 minutes since I had ordered.   She said that they were training a new person..... At 6 PM on a Sunday night?????  There were 4 or 5 cars behind me, by the way.   OK that was all the good part of this visit. 

Now onto the problem!  When I got to the window, the clerked SNAPPED at me, "Hot or mild!?"  I told her and I verified, "Two combo tostadas?"  She snapped again and yelled back to cook, "Ugh, you wanted COMBO tostadas?"  The cook confirmed.  She looked over at the girl at the first window and ROLLED HER EYES!  I'm still in shock.
I've read through other reviews and found them to be similar.  Apparently corporate doesn't read Yelp, so I'm calling them tomorrow!Ǿ
Always a long line inside and in drive thru. All of the workers are incompetent . The good workers they get always somehow don't work there long (probably for good reason, they're too good for the job). This place is terrible. My food order is never right.  Never coming to this Taco Bell anymore. Tear it down and put in another Starbucks. Save us the trouble!Ǿ
My window guy was A-dorable!!! Great service & nice fare. I really crave Taco Bell sometimes & they never disappoint.Ǿ
I went here 2 days ago and ordered through the drive thru which took literally 20 minutes. Then I got home and I asked for hot and mild I got hot and fire. I was missing 2 of my items. I figured whatever it gets busy it's not a big deal it happens. So I went there again the next day. AGAIN, I was missing 1 of my items, and was given fire and hot instead of mild. My food was not hot it was barely even warm. I have never had such bad experience with any other Taco Bell except this one.