So I'm not a big Arby's fan to begin with, but they are OK in a pinch.   Went to order a bunch of sandwiches and the kid asked if we had a coupon.   We didn't but he mentioned it so I asked if we could get it.  He said he would get in trouble with his manager so we asked for the manager.   The manager came out and we explained we were told there was a coupon and asked if we could get it.   He said not without the coupon with an attitude.   I don't know what kind of customer service Arby's is supposed to have, but this manager has no idea about customer service.   Any other place will give you the coupon if they mention they have one.   So here is the idea, if you're not going to give the coupon out, then don't mention it.   Either that or just give it to everyone.Ǿ
I have to point out credit where it is due: to the lady working the drive thru around 4:30 pm today- your attitude rocks! I know how hard it can be to have a job working in a fast food place and it is definitely doubled when working drive thru so when I find someone with an extremely positive and happy attitude I have to point it out! Food was tasty and hot as usual, thank you, and the turnovers were great! I'm glad to find someone with as positive an attitude as yours working in my area! I hope you never lose that calm and competent attitude!Ǿ
The kid at the counter needs to learn to balance taking orders and filling orders. The food was stacking up. And he kept taking orders. When he got around to filling the orders. He was mixing things up. They lost my order and had to remake it.Ǿ
I eat at Arby's a lot. I have been to a number of different locations and out of all the ones I have been to. This one has always come out on top on all counts food, customer service, accuracy and speed of service.Ǿ
This place is good if you get the roast beef or the seasonal fish sandwiches. Now they have the chicken sandwiches which is a huge mistake. Instead of getting more fryers, they use the same fryer they cook the curly frys in. The sandwich had the most nasty aftertaste ive ever eaten. When I called them they admitted that the fryers needed to be changed but they wern't alowed to change them. The frys were also dark brown and I didn't even eat them all. The prices are also crazy high for a fast food place. 2.35 for a large drink and 2.65 for a large fry. Your basicly paying for a meal without the sandwhich so always get the meal, cause you basicly get the sandwich for a dollar more. Arby's needs to stick to what they do best, fish and roast beef.Ǿ
I am a care provider for adults with developmental disabilities and we were greeted by a cashier by the name of Shawn who is absolutely the most sweetest and compassionate person I have come across in a very long time she not only went out of her way to make sure that they had everything they wanted but also took time out of her busy schedule to sit down with us for a bit. She looked at them for the human beings they are not for their disability.Ǿ
I LOVE their French Dip!! I didn't wait long at all in the drive thru, great customer service with delicious food!Ǿ
sat in line forever. no one in line in the drive through. how is that there is a wait? lady told me she would be with me in a minute. What they doing? Lazy. I just left. 6/5/2016 at 740pmǾ
This is the SLOWEST drive-thru ever. I waited for 25 minutes with two cars in front of me...what ever happened to "please pull into a parking space and we'll bring it out to you" to avoid holding up the whole line? Cashier apologized, asked me if I wanted sauce and offered free chocolate pastry. Guess what? No sauce and no chocolate pastry to be found in my bag. Seriously, if I ever want fast food in my area again I'll just drive the extra mile to Sonic.Ǿ
Waited in drive thru for 10 min. When I got to window my chicken still needed to cook so they asked me to pull around.  I smiled and said ok. I waited for 5-6 more min before the guy came out with my food. He said oh sorry, we ran out of beef. I didnt order any beef. .. I had two kids in the car one being 3 months old crying. And my chicken wasnt even hot! I am pretty sure that they forgot about me.Ǿ
This would be my local Arby's.  I go here every once in a while with a coupon.  This time I went because I wasn't eating meat for a month and they had a special on fish sandwiches.  I should have known better than to expect a place specializing in sliced beef to have a great fish sandwich.  But I will still keep going back for beef and cheddars.Ǿ
I absolutely love Arby's!! But this location is horrible! Their food does not taste fresh.. Tastes like its been sitting out for hours.. They were completely out of napkins andtold us we could use paper towels from the bathroom.. The yogurt they gave my toddler with his meal had expired a week prior. Their service is horrible. Had to wait at register for several minutes and actually call out for someone before we received assistance. Would not recommend this location to anyone.Ǿ
I went into Arby's today to try the BLT they are advertising as 2 for $6.00.  I ask to order just one as it was just for me.  The counter person ask the shift supervisor how much one would cost.  Her snippy answer was $6.40 for one.  I ask is the correct and was told yes!  I said thanks and left never to return again.Ǿ
I just ordered a salad and it had at least three things wrong. I asked for no tomatoes and it was covered in them. I received the wrong dressing and was missing my sauce. The salad was also supposed to have bacon but that was missing too (and had little cheese).I ended up with almost $9 for a bowl of lettuce and a small soda. I won't be back..Ǿ
The furnishings were clean & updated. Had greasy smell when walked in door, but I expect that from fast food establishment. Everything we ordered was exceptionally fresh. The bread was fresh, staff sliced the roast beef fresh. The cooking area appears clean and the staff was friendly. I'm glad we stopped in. $15 for two to eat (drank water) and one yummy Salty Caramel shake. 
Almost didnt stop in because of last review. And, they play American country music if anyone is interested (im not fond of it, but it is different for Phoenix, AZ).