Wife and I  visited the restaurant October 16 around lunch time. the food was quite tasty, The restaurant was quite clean and the staff friendly. There wasn't much parking but perhaps this was due to preparations for a live performance in the parking lot later that day.  I would defintelygo back againǾ
Been going here for the last few weeks as it's down the street from where I work.

The jerk chicken is absolutely savory. Great seasoning with a good kick. Rice and peas are perfect and not dry like some places. They opened up about a year or two years ago, but they're always improving.

In my opinion, the best jerk chicken in Durham.Ǿ
Ordered the oxtail and rice and the jerk chicken as well as one beef patty.

Food was very tasty.  The meat was flavoured nicely and was very tender.

Service was very fast.  We visited for takeout - the dining area was decent and clean, just a bit dated looking.  
We already are looking forward to returning!Ǿ
Excellent ambience,super friendly service and food is top notch. The barbeque chicken on the menu is a must try, so is the jerk chicken and chicken roti.Ǿ
Probably the best jerk chicken in pickering. Very flavourful. Been a few times and will go backǾ
Stopped in for a quick meal.  We had a small jerk chicken and a chicken roti. Great service, very good food and very good portions. Definitely would stop by again.Ǿ
Ox tail rice and peas $13. The meat was soft and tender. Flavours were great. Portion of meat was decent at best and the overal size of the meal was pretty average. The meal comes with a small side salad. 

One thing which I really didn't like was that there were black pepper balls (I believe) in the sauce which was spread all over the rice. So almost every bite of rice I would get a black pepper ball which really are not eatable. 

Overall the meal was good though and the service was fast.Ǿ
Any establishment where the server checks on you twice gets good marks.  But as a jerk chicken connoisseur I was here for the food.  The taste is very homemade and authentic. It is different from the "fast food" style jerk available in other places.  But it better or worse.  Just a different taste.  The food tasted fresh and was good.  The staff were friendly.  The place is clean albeit the decor is quite forgettable.Ǿ
Amazing food here.  I like my spice and I'll give this place an A++ for the taste and spice.  The food is brought right to the table piping hot when you dine in with a smile and I like how they check if everything is okay about 1/2 way through.  They are generous with the portions and everything is fresh.  Definitely a recommended spot in Pickering.Ǿ
I don't normally do reviews only when something blows me away or is God awful do I write one of these. Was in Pickering not to long ago saw the sign and thought I'd look up some reviews on yelp. They seemed to be generally good so I decided to give it a try with my mother when I was in the area a short time after. We both got the jerk chicken and I must say being of Jamaican decent and my mother being a Jamaican native the food was amazing. The seasoning was on point!.  It was a great change from the  "commercial"  style crap you would get at some other chain carribbean restaurants such as sunrise and the like 
Would definitely recommend,  will be going back to try other things oxtail looks really good from what I sawǾ
This was the first time trying this Jamaican restaurant and I cant say I was happy. My wife called ahead for pick up. We ordered a large Stew Chicken Meal which comes with rice and peas and a salad. My wife ordered a Jerk Chicken Wrap and fries. The chicken and wrap was good but i have had better. The salad that came with the meal was a horribly small (See Pic) . I'm use to getting a nice creamy Salad at other Jamaican food spots 
Overall I was trying to get over the fact the meal was $32. Defiantly not worth the price we paid.Ǿ
Not sure where all the positive reviews are coming from.  Either management has changed and the place has gone downhill, or family members are writing all the positive reviews! lol

I would say not bad, not great either, i was expecting more.  I had the jerk chicken and the smalll was ...well small!  Not worth 10 bucks!  I also ordered bbq chicken dinner large for my son, which was 4 bucks more ie. 14 bucks!  Geez...not much bigger than the small!....it had hardly no flavor i was expecting at least for it to have some bbq sauce as i had at some other jamaican places ie. backayard, on the beach.

I ordered plantain, thinking i would get a decent portion for $3 as it was $1 per serving....i literally got 3 slices of plaintain!  Youl would think it was made out of gold for what they charged!  Also, no extras like coleslaw or anything.  I ordered 2 dumplings which were like raw heavy dough deep fried!  Pass the Rolaids please!

I have had farrrr better in the small mom and pop jamaican places.  Took quite a while to get my food order done...the rice and peas were also mediocre....i counted maybe 10 red beans in total,, the rest was flavorless bland jerk rice.  The lady asked me if i wanted spicy and i said sure....it was bland tasting.

I don't recommend this place at all.....it was empty except for 1 table of 3 people...so that sort of speaks for itself.Ǿ
We went here on a lark and were quite impressed by the food, presentation and service.   The jerk pork an jerk chicken  were very flavourful, it came on a ' real plate' not on styrofoam, and the staff came by numerous times to check on us (including the cook!).   Hands-down this place offered good value.Ǿ
Friendly service from owner Wayne and Carrie Ann. Eat in food is served on proper plates. Tried the oxtail with rice and peas and it was very good. Decent portion. Wayne makes his own hot sauce.Ǿ
Went for lunch from work last week and somehow forgot to write a review.

Patois is not a fancy looking joint - but it's nice, bright, and well, what really matters is the food, right?

And the food is excellent.

Portions were just right for the regular sized lunch/dinner, there's a lot of options, all the sorts of traditional Jamaican dishes, but the menu isn't overwhelming or complicated. And though the service is quick, there's still some effort put into presentation, which just made the meal that much better.

I love the wall of Jamaican proverbs, it was an entertaining read while I waited for my lunch.Ǿ
My go-to jerk place in Durham. Arguably even better than some of the jerk chicken I've tried in Kensington market. This place is consistently good when it comes to jerk chicken. The servers are attentive, dining area is clean, though the decor is a little dated despite the recent renovation. Takeout is also a good option. Treat yourself and get the BBQ chicken on Thursdays and Fridays. It's amazing, trust me.Ǿ
Jamaican Food in Pickering?!! 

I was having the winter blues.... dreaming about the beach and ocean in Negril and soothing beat of reggae music.

I parked my car in front of the parking lot. It looks like a fast food place? I don't want to eat from styrofoam boxes and paper plates like most of the Jamaican food joint I been to....

Jerk Chicken Small ($8) was served in a real plate with plating. There were 6 pieces of chicken with sauce. Rice and peas/side salad. 

Beers! They have beers! Red Stripe, Dragon Stout, Carib....

Drinks! They have Caribbean soft drinks (love ginger beers!)  and fruit drinks! Ting Soda anyone?

Patois does offers take out and full service dine in experience. My waitress checked on me a couple of time and made sure I was happy drinking my ABV 7.5% Stout.... 

They also have red snapper, ackee, salted fish, escovitch fish stew, curry chicken/goat, different stew and other traditional Jamaican dish.

Patois does offers authentic Jamaican experience and food. I do wish I was actually in Negril when I left the restaurant and back in the cold...Ǿ
Went for Dinner on a Thursday Night. The restaurant is very spacious and the decor is very nice.

The food was very tasty, I had the BBQ Chicken with rice and peas. It also came with a side salad. 

The chicken was very tender and moist. The mix between the spicy chicken and the sweet sauce was amazing. The rice was cooked just right and not dry. The mix of the whole meal was put together very well.

My girlfriend had the Curry chicken with White rice (and side salad). The chicken, just like the BBQ chicken, was cooked perfectly. very juicy and flavorful. The curry was just the right amount of spicy and savory. The spice doesn't linger around too long, which is a good thing for those who don't like things too spicy. We asked for more curry to put on the rice, and the chef happily obliged. 

Overall it was a very good experience, Great service, Great decor, and the music added to the experience! 

I recommend coming here for dine in or even take out. Either way you will be left satisfied knowing you had the best West Indian food in Pickering.Ǿ
I've been wanting to check this place out since last fall when it opened but never got around to it. Last week I received a flyer in the mail and this reminded that 
I needed to go visit.

I went in around 5:30pm on a Monday. The place looked very clean and welcoming. There were a few people ahead of me but I was greeted right away by a very pleasant waitress. She took my order and had me take my seat. After a few minutes, she brought over my large Jerk Pork Dinner. The portions were just right. The food was presented well and tasted very good. As I was sitting there having my dinner, the chef/owner came to to ask if everything was ok. I told him how much I was enjoying the meal and motioned for him to sit down. We had a very pleasant conversation. Wayne is very passionate about his restaurant and the food that he serves. During our conversation, the waitress came over to pick up my plate, cutlery, and empty beer bottle. As she took my empty beer bottle behind the counter it slipped out of her hand and broke on the floor. Wayne got up and insisted that he clean it as he didn't want her to get hurt. I though to myself here is a man that actually cares about his staff.

I was very impressed with the food, service, cleanliness of the restaurant, and the attitude of the owner. I will definitely be going back.Ǿ
Normally I don't write reviews.. But this place deserve it.. Proper Jamaican spot in Pickering.. Excellent food and service..Ǿ
I'm not sure what good Jamaican food is, but I really like this place.
I wish I could handle the spiciness of jerk chicken, but even the girl at the counter warned me it's too hot.
I asked for a roti instead, and that was too spicy for me. But very tasty.
Good job guys!