Fear not, fellow yelpers. You can find the baby bandidos again. . . at Poliberto's on 33rd Ave and Bell Road.  The yellow jalapeno dip. . .the specials. Go check it out!Ǿ
Can't have a party without a tray of baby banditos. Everything thing else I've tried was just ok. Tonight they were a little extra greasy with my tacos.Ǿ
I've been a loyal fan of Burrito Bandito  for Nine years, but I'm done now. It really used to be one of my favorite places, back when Steve owned it. I often said  " the only thing this place needs is to serve beer and it would be perfect" .
Now with a new owner,  its a bunch of kids jammin out to Slip Knot and Disturbed serving cold, over priced,  flavorless tacos.  RIP B.B.Ǿ
I love the bench style seating/common eating area. Had the cheese enchalada and chile relleno. No distinct flavors but enjoyable nonetheless. Thursdays you get a free medium drink with order of any combo.Ǿ
I have 2 words for you... BABY BANDITOS!  Ok, so I have 2 more words for you FREAKING AMAZING!Ǿ
For the first time, Yelp has burned me.

I see nothing but glowing reviews, but what I got wasn't amazing. It was mediocre.

It was taking everything I knew about good mexican food and bastardized it.

Who serves non marinated carne asada? Who serves up tounge that has been cooked to crisp?

First off, Carne Asada needs to be served up with lime and guacamole, not fried-ish with cheese.

And Lengua( or tounge), has a very distinct flavor, very hard to describe...something close to corned beef. This tasted like fried beef. And had cheese on it.

And the baby banditos are just like taquitos, and their "bandito" sauce is nothing more than  whipped butter with a few butchered slices of jalapeno in it.

Their salsa was tasty, that gets them a star. And they have awesomely large community tables, that gives them another star.

Don't believe the hype.Ǿ
Yep 4 stars to 1 star... new owners need a dose of reality. 
If the Burrito Bandito website has your store number and address on there still you would imagine that they are the same owners. I guess not. The new owners have different prices different menu items and different customer service skills. 

As I mentioned in my previous review, I have been eating BB since day one... the day they opened. Yesterday was my last day there EVER... 


Me: "Do you deliver still?" 
Her: "Pssshh.. we have for the past 9 months!" 
Me: "bummer the website did not mention that" 
Her Blank Stare 
Me: "Can I have the 3-way chimi, not the combo, with guac? " 
Her:Rolling eyes.... "That would be a burrito" 
Me: "I would like it deep fried, Unless the Chimi combo is cheaper? " 
Her:Rolling eyes..."Huh.... ummm... its a few cents cheaper" 
(burrito is 4.99 chimi combo is 6.99) 
Me: "Ok I will have the burrito deep fried with guac on the side." 
Her: blank stare 
Me: "I would alos like the kids meal taco" (supposed to be a mini taco, 2 banditos rice and beans) 
Her: blank stare 
Me "I would also like the #6" 
Her: Huh...what else? 
etc.... 
4 more customer come in and order and she was as rude to them as she was me. Not a smile the entire time. 

I get home: SURPRISE 

The chimi had no guac on the side... it was inside and the kids meal had NO banditos...So I call... 

Her: The kids meal does not come with banditos. 
Me: The website shows...and I read it to her. 
Her: That is the other store only. 
Me Then why is you phone and address on there? 
Her: The owner will not remove it... 
Me: Ok but you still shorted me my...nevermind....CLICK 

YOU JUST CAN'T FIX STUPID!!Ǿ
Confirming that it's closed!  Just drove by it yesterday.Ǿ
This is one of the few places I miss in Phoenix. We used to get take-out here all the time. The food is your typical Mexican food, but it is much better than a Filibertos or some similar place. Their chimichangas are great and they have one special food which is spectacular: baby banditos. They are basically mini chimichangas, about 3-4" long and 1" wide with a sort of cheesy mix inside. If you happen to make a trip there, make sure you order these or you are worthy of a beating that would make the most extreme of masochists run in fear. The baby banditos come with a "jalapeno mix" which is a necessity. If you get a large order of banditos, make sure you get at least two of the jalapeno mixes. One is not enough. The banditos are also excellent cold and microwaved. Hell, they might be better microwaved than they are when you originally get them. It just doesn't get better.

There's about 6 wooden tables inside. Each one has a bottle of Cholula sauce. The staff is friendly and the place is clean enough, but really, this place is best for takeout.

Above average chimichanga with the best snack/mini food ever? I'm sold. Five stars. Come to Tempe, please.Ǿ
I dont work far from BB, my co-workersd and I order from here all the time.  Its even better because they start delivery at 10a, the food is always hot and the orders are always correct.  I didnt give them 5 stars because my only concern is that their driver doesnt hold a license, so we have to meet the driver outside of the building because you arent allowed access without proper ID.  Other than that, the food is off the chain!Ǿ
I have to admit that they're not super-consistent, but when you get a good veggie burrito it'll make your toes curl.

I actually asked what was in the special Baby Bandito sauce; while they can't exactly say, it's definitely a heart attack waiting to happen.  Worth it once in awhile.

Make sure to buy a pint of their salsa to-go...yum!Ǿ
Yet another restaurant that started with much too high of expectations. I heard from the construction boys that this was the best place in town. I mean, they really hyped it up! But I forgot that it was what it is- fast food. Good fast food? sure. But quick, and greasy! I'm not completely against grease by any means. I love their baby banditos. those little tiny morsels of goodness dipped in that butter... stuff... mm mm mm.. And the horchata.. very tasty. That is a good breakfast for me and I have enjoyed it on numerous occasions. But to tell you the truth, if it weren't for that butter stuff and their clever way of making tiny chimichangas and naming them banditos I wouldn't see much more in this place than I would in your typical albertos, filibertos, juanbertos, carlosbertos.. and all those other berto joints. All good, sure. But don't expect to feel your best after devouring, and also don't expect top of the line ingredients. So I may stop here again, if I find myself wandering in my old hood.. but as long as I'm over here in downtown, I will stick to the selection here.Ǿ
I was road tripping through Phoenix on my way to Sedona and was craving some breakfast like foods on the cheap and quick.  Lo and behold a burrito place in the strip mall where I  as grabbing some groceries.  Sold.  They have lots of Mexican food options but I went with a chorizo and papas burrito and it was large, cheap and didn't give me gut rot.  That is three stars right there.  I also got some horchata and it was ok, but nothing to rave about.  The place had the feel of a local chain, but I wasn't really there for atmosphere so I don't really have anything more to say about that.  All in all this place did right by me and that makes me a fan.Ǿ
This is my absolute favorite restaurant of all time. I grew up with it when I was little all the way through my first year of college. Every birthday my family use to get the burrito bandito party platter with the yellow sauce which I don't know the actual name of it but it is my favorite thing and I can no longer get it. This review is to remember the memories and great tasting yellow sauce I can never have again :(Ǿ
This place used to be one of my favorite places to eat, I worked close by so it was convenient and the prices were all ways good. Even though its not the fanciest of places the food was always filling and yummy. I recently moved and would still make the 30 min. drive to get it, but this last time I went every thing seemed to taste different. The jalapeno dipping sauce for the baby banditos which were a favorite of mine is completely different and not very tasty. Unfortunately I wont be making the trip again...Ǿ
Despite the outside appearance and strange large outdoor-style bench seating, this place was pretty tasty.  

The customer service was good, although they put my rice and beans inside of the burrito rather than on-the-side, as requested.

I ordered the carne asada burrito, which was huge and freshly cooked.  I was surprised that it tasted as good as it did seeing as it didn't seem like the meat had been marinated or seasoned thoroughly.  My favorite carne asada is marinated and freshly grilled, but this will do.  

I asked for the spicy sauce and that was really, really good.  I'll be coming back primarily because of that salsa.

They also deliver and serve a wide range of different menu items, both of which were very appealing.  I'll give it another shot.Ǿ
How I love thy beans and rice,
The way you're layered is wicked nice,
With sour cream and guac galore,
F'yeah may I have some more?

Oh, and your Carnitas too.

And the Bandito Sauce.

Please & Thank you.Ǿ
Nice tacos and burritos.  Fantastic baby banditos (mini chimis).

The food was hot when delivered and the supply of condiments was plentiful.

A very pleasant and affordable experience.Ǿ
Ok, I just want to say, the guy behind the counter says they are not the same people who owned the one on T-bird. This place is identical to the old one. I'm smelling something fishy here or these people bought the name and concept before the old place went under. I am sitting here waiting for my food so I will give an update on how good this one is.
Ok, I had my tamales and everything else I ordered that night and I have to say, not half as good as the old one. Sorry but its true. I used to go buy tamales every Christmas at the one on T-bird and they were fantastic. The tamales I bought from this one were dried out and bland. I threw most of them away. I dont think I will be coming back for anymore tamales or anything else for that matter.Ǿ
This is one of my favorite places to eat in phoenix. Real authentic Mexican food at a decent price. And the baby banditos are amazing!Ǿ
A good amount of good food for a good price.

The seating is limited to approx 5 big tables which seat 6 each.

I ordered a #11 combination meal which included a hearty amount of beans and rice along with an enchilada and tamale for $5.99. 

Their menu is huge though and contains many distinctive Mexican dishes that I've not heard of but I'm sure are delicious.Ǿ
From the outside this place looks decent, and something about the 9 neon signs covering the windows that draws you to this location. 

Upon entering, this place the first thing you notice is how terrible the inside looks. The tile flooring resembles the bathrooms that you might be encounter in tijuana or rocky point bar. 

Ordering can be interesting, and due to a lack of a menu, and but they have handy pamphlets. The wife and I both ordered a Carnitas burrito And tacos. 

The food was edible, and bland, and flavorless. The Carnitas were cut into cubes, and it had quite a large amount of fat, and a ton of onions. The carne asada tacos were full of onions too. The food was flavorless and generic. 

I will never come here again.