Great service and the Sunday Brunch Buffet is amazing! Check out the Chicken Tacos too!Ǿ
The place is either closed or closing & will open up under a new name - not sure if it's the same owners, I spoke to the new guy & they are hoping for an opening at the end of July.Ǿ
Went there for lunch today and got the lunch combo/reuben and house salad. Horrible! Sandwich was made with wheat toast and there was no dressing or sauerkraut. Salad has lettuce and onion only. Prices extremely high for what you receive and the help acted like they couldn't process a thought. Stay away unless you just want to drink and watch sports. Do not recommend.Ǿ
First thing : This is no Martini bar, seen in broad daylight the place is nothing like the pictures or their website. What I saw was a shabby, not too clean large beer hall, a sea of messy, beat up tables in dark brown Formica, ugly utilitarian chairs and a concrete floor. All this and dinner style red vinyl booths along the wall. 

In fact the whole thing so scuzzy that if I hadn't driven all the way to Indian Trail, plus it was already 2:30 pm I would have just  turned around.  

I ordered the burger with a fried egg and bacon (hold the cheese and mayo) it was cooked just as I ordered it , medium rare and the egg runny. Nothing fancy but it tasted great, not greasy either.

Kind of incredible but the sides were not on the menu, the waitress had to recite them to me.  I chose the home made chips which weren't too great but certainly better than the ubiquitous frozen, reconstituted and artificially flavored fries you get everywhere.  

I had an OMB Copper on draft and the waitress bent over backwards to please. She even addressed me correctly as Mr R when she brought back my credit card - I'm not very keen on strangers half my age calling me by my first name.

So not a fancy place and no gourmet cuisine but an A-OK burger and beer joint.Ǿ
I would love to be able to write a review about the food and service in this restaurant, however, since we were never greeted after about 10 minutes we decided to get up and leave. We were greeted very nicely by the hostess at the door and decided we would sit at the bar. Coming in for a nice lunch we were left sitting at the bar while servers were going back-and-forth to their tables and the hostess playing and biting at her nails.  She never even brought us a menu, so I can't even say of the lunch menu looked good. We saw the bartender coming back and as he approached the bar he took a piece of balled up paper towel and threw it over the bar into the garbage can like he was throwing a basketball. He never acknowledged us and just went to his computer and enter in another order. At that point we decided to leave, the hostess never even asked us why we were leaving even though she knew we had just arrived. The restaurant did not have a good smell to it,it smelled like a bar instead of the restaurant. It was our first try here since it is it local place and we are very disappointed that we will have to travel further for somewhere to eat. I give it 1 star just because it was open.Ǿ
My wife and i visit often and we always have a great experience. It's great for my son and he loves the Kids menu. I also love watching my football team that is out of state, with a friendly atmosphere. We only had one bad experience with a meal and service but other than that they are pretty much spot on . We are regulars :)Ǿ
Only ordered wings and aps to go once but pretty decent. The place is a big step up inside from Bears Lair that was there previously. Worth a try if your local. Bar is also nicely done.Ǿ
This review is for the Concord Location as it is not listed.

Pros: Black and Blue Tacos were very tasty. Staff Friendly

Cons: Ordered a lunch , and it was a very, very small portion size, pretty skimpy. Pasta salad was a little cup and only 2 small tacos are given with it barely having meat. ( I get more meat at Taco Bell!) I was told dinner portion not much bigger. I think for the small portion size it was waaay overpriced. Good in taste, bad on value. I also think it was attempting to be more upscale than it actually is. 

I think the food is a litle better than average but the price is not in line with portion sizes. Maybe it's the economy. I would rather pay a little more to be satisfied and full or less for a reasonable portion.Ǿ
Nice sports bar style restaurant/bar.  Great kids menu ($3.95 price)...includes entree, side, drink & cookie.  Sunday buffet is another great value with great options on buffet including great prime rib.  Nice casual place to eat and/or watch game.Ǿ
This place sucks! I'm not sure if the bartenders are stupid or if they're megalomaniacs. Service sucks. Food and drinks are below par. The only reason this place is open is because there's no competition in the area. 

Don't be cheap and lazy! Drive to a decent place.Ǿ
Me and a friend went there Thursday night and became severely sick the next day both being told food poisoning after calling the manager who could care less about what we were going through or how we were feeling. That was the only place I had eaten all day. Just know just because losing the business of 2 people means nothing to them word of mouth spreads quick we are NEVER eating there again!!!!! Since changing ownership this place has gone down and the only reason why I gave them 1 star is because I couldn't give it none!!!!Ǿ
I'm a sports bar kind of guy and this looks like a great place to catch a game and grab a cold beer.  Unfortunately, the food is failed to impress.  

I stopped in for lunch and ordered what, according to the menu, was a Bonfire specialty -- Chicken Tacos.  Needless to say, I was unimpressed.  Chicken was overcooked, tortillas were hard and dry.  Trying to be a bit more healthy, I ordered veggies instead of fries, but with the veggies literally swimming in butter, I believe the fries may have been a better option.

I should had stuck with my instincts in a place like this and not veered from the wings and/or nachos -- basic bar food.  I will say the onion rings did look pretty good, too.

Expect the basic sports bar experience -- beer and wings -- and you likely won't be as disappointed as I was.Ǿ
This bar/grille opened up recently in Indian Trail in the Sun Valley area. Place is very nice and well appointed, ton of TV's, decent food (burgers tend to be medium-well which may be good or bad depending on your tastes), good alcohol prices and specials. 

Bartenders and servers are excellent and are by far the best part of this place. Service and management is exceptional. 

The only thing i wish this place had was more HIGH TOP tables in the bar area. They have 4 high tops along the window and three more private high tops along the back wall. The dining area to the left is very nice with standard low top tables, but the area close to the bar (to the right by the big projections screen) are also low tops.  The lack of high tops makes mingling in the bar area awkward, because you cant stand by a table with a large group. You have to always be sitting. I would go to this place pretty much every weekend if they would switch out the low tops for high tops in that area. 

For now, I'll swing by from time to time.Ǿ
We were going to try this place for lunch but we had one drink and left.  Really weird and dirty vibe to this place along with unfriendly service.  They had a buffet set up in the back room that was poorly lit.  My Mom always told me not to trust a dark restaurant!!  I would never go back.Ǿ
The food and drink is always on point at Bonfire Bar & Grill.  The atmosphere is suitable to everyone.  I have had dinner here with my 2 boys, dinner with my husband or a business dinner and Bonfire was able to cater to all 3.Ǿ
Always good food and service. They now serve. Sunday brunch and I heard its wonderful.Ǿ
This is my third awesome review today but this place was great . It says bar and grille but this is a pretty nice place for a dinner date . The menu has a lot of variety not jus pub food . Ashlyn our waitress took great care of us and was willing to make suggestions since it was our first time . The spinich dip and wings were amazing as well as our entree's . She even mentioned an appitizer special o Monday nights. I'll be checking that out.Ǿ
My husband and I went here on a break from a class at a nearby college.  It was a Sunday just before 11am and we didn't want to eat fast food.  There was a notice about a Sunday Brunch outside, which we really weren't interested in (too much food).  We went in to take a look and see if they offered a full menu anyways and were happy to hear that it was an option and there were plenty of items we would like.  The environment was very inviting with plenty of staff and clean tables.  The buffet looked really fresh and had a broad range of options.  Tempting as it was, that was just way too much food! My husband got the Fish N Chips and really, really liked it.  The fish was flaky and the batter crunchy.  I had the Flatbread pizza which wasn't exceptional but the waitress even offered a replacement.  Leslie mentioned that they have a real pizza oven up in the Concord location so not to misjudge the pizza since it wasn't cooked as you might expect in a brick oven.  The waitress, Leslie, made several references to all the weekly specials (Bike Night, 80s night, Live Band,etc).  We will definitely be coming back!!Ǿ
We had their appetizer of hot honey garlic wings - which were really good, however, my Greek -Salmon salad topped them by far - it's one of the very best salads that I have ever had!!   Hubby had the southwest chicken salad, which was awesome, and I also had 2 of their Cucumber Breeze Martinis. The drinks were not only great - but served in a regular glass, as opposed to the Martinis glass, which I dislike, because I tend to spill drinks in those "fru-fru" glasses!  ;)Ǿ
First off, let me start by saying this is fourth time I've been to Bonfire and I have never received good service, but it's never been terrible enough to warrant a negative review. HOWEVER, this evening I happened to come in with a male friend who is black. I received the rudest treatment I have ever had at Bonfire, and that is really saying something. 
The food here is decent, borderline good.You can drink a variety of stuff, even if after half an hour after you finish you first drink you are wondering who you will have to blow to get your second. That's sort of what has kept me coming back. But never again.
Myself and my guy friend walked in together as (no exaggeration) eight waitresses/hostesses stared at us slack-jawed. Not a one of them spoke to address us for several seconds. Finally, a brave soul spoke up and walked us to a table near the "dance floor". The waitress that eventually came to serve us was one of ladies that had gawked from the podium- already didn't like her. She brought my friend one refill, I was out of drink the entire visit. She did not make eye contact with me. She obviously thought we were an item and she obviously did not approve. She put us on the same check, when I asked her to split it up she looked surprised and responded curtly.
I went into the bathroom, four waitresses/hostesses/whoknows were in there, obviously hiding and glued to their phones. They all glared at me. I mean, glared. Meanly. Everyone one of them.

Never again. 

Oh, and my friend made a few remarks about Jim Crow laws and vowed not to return. I reminded him all those awful people are just pissed off that they live in Stallings. We had a good laugh at their expense.Ǿ
Good food and beer selection, they have their own beer that is very tasty. The wait staff is friendly and decent when it is not overly crowed, get to many folks in there then you loose that. They have a really cool dance party type thing on Saturday night, great music.Ǿ
My friend introduced me to Bonfire over the weekend and I can't wait to go back. The fish tacos were delicious! Also, loved the chips! Vodka martini was cold and delicious! I'll definately go back next time I'm in town to try something else on the menu!Ǿ
We have been going Bonfire for several years, at first we thought WOW this please is great.  Well things do change and Bonfire is is still a WOW as in Wow this place sucks.  

The last several times that we have gone in its just been the worst experience ever.  The last time there were 3 of us all of our silverware was dirty, the booth smelled like a sour rag,  service was extremely slow probably because there is more bar business than restaurant business.  

The food..... Herb roasted chicken was slightly raw and smelled bad, My husband had the Cuban sandwich  was dry, It was a Tuesday so kids eat free, granddaughter had a grilled cheese and a fruit cup which was good, in the past she has ordered Mac n Cheese and she Gets without a doubt boxed Kraft Mar n Cheese..... Seriously!  Basically the past year and a half the food has been terrible we either leave it on the table or bring it home a toss it in the trash. 

Bonfire seems to be more of a place for Drinking and bar food other than that not a good choice for "Lunch or Dinner"Ǿ
We went there tonight for Valentine's day. We had been there a few times before and always thought the service was decent, the food was good. Well something has definitely changed. When we arrived they were busy which was expected. After a short wait we were seated. Our server came and took our drink order. She brought the drinks, and took our appetizer order. We ordered a Caesar salad for my wife and I went with the Mozzarella sticks. After what seemed like forever our appetizers arrived, my wife's Caesar salad was so heavy with anchovies that she couldn't eat it and my Mozzarella sticks were so over cooked that they had exploded. Then came the main course,y wife ordered the Pork Chops, once again they were very over cooked. She couldn't eat it all. I ordered the Cajun Chicken Pasta. It wasn't terrible but there were 4 small strips of chicken in the entire dish. We then wanted our check and since our service had been less than desirable we ran the stopwatch on my iphone to see how long it would take to get the check, well it was just under 18 minutes to get it and then another 8 minutes after that to get it back. Keep in mind there was a line of people waiting for tables. I did try to get the managers attention but he was more concerned with busing tables and chatting with customers he knew. I now know why the receipt says "get a free appetizer with a positive review". Needless to say we won't be back.Ǿ
Went with my hubby on a Thursday night. At first, waitress seemed very rushed and didn't really take time with us. I had the tuna. It was tasty. Hubby got steak. He wanted it medium rare and it was over-done. It would of been something I would of ate! We explained to waitress. She apologized and got owner/manager? Not sure who he was, very apologetic; said oven/stove was on the fritz. Weird to have a dinner service without good working equipment.Ǿ
Really loving this place. Good atmosphere, wonderful staff and excellent food. The good grade helps too!Ǿ
Great service as always.....ask for our server  Carley she's awesome. Great servers. Great food. And great specials.Ǿ
Food was the best part of night.  This was my first time at the establishment and more than likely my last. The server told us there were drink specials for the night and didn't know them. Shots were ordered by my friend at the table and told the server to put it on his tab. Everyone was charged there own individual shots, and our server wasn't splitting the bill up properly. The only thing that needed to be done was removing the shots off of everyone's tab and adding them to one, and re printing the rest of the tabs accordingly. It was about 6 of us, and we stayed until the bar closed, but why are we getting the tab as the place is closing. Would you not do that earlier? I had even asked for my tab that took about 20 minutes for the server not to have it. Our server over charged one person for their tab and ran the other card 4 times for 2 tabs. I don't see myself coming back here again.Ǿ
Good service and food but just average. Kind of a biker redneck bar. Has some decent beers and even some wine but not anything very good. Poker tables and a good size live band stage with a good system. Probably a good place for a night out.Ǿ
I really like this place.  Great food, great owners, good wait staff, the bar staff are okay, and just a cool place to hang out for lunch, dinner or to listen to music.  I love that this place is so close to home. They often have some good specials.  We've tried many things here and haven't had anything to complain about yet. Try everything and go often!Ǿ
Bonfire has a an upscale sports-bar or neighborhood bar look inside.  The menu is diverse having both traditional bar offerings as well as a good variety of soups, salads, and sandwiches.  I visited on St. Patricks day and they had several menu specialties in honor of the day.  Beer wise you can get a good selection of local craft beers, normal imports, and traditional less expensive offerings.  Our table ran the gamut on menu items - hamburger wrap, BLT w/Cesar Salad, and Strawberry salad.  All meals were very good.  My BLT had more bacon that I had expected (yum) but the Caesar did have a bit too much dressing (so be careful on that one).  The waitstaff was very pleasant and attentive.  Overall a pretty solid meal.Ǿ
Went here with my BF tonight. It was around 11 when we got there so they were only serving from their late night menu which was limited I was really hoping to try their spinach dip but it was not on the menu. 2 things kept this from a 5 star review first we sat down and saw 3 waitresses who made eye contact with us but they didn't come to serve us and second we had the lemon pepper wings which were sooooo salty and I usually add salt to everything. We had the spicy mozzarella sticks which were good n super spicy and the burger and fries the burger was just ok the star of the plate was the fries very crispy and seasoned with old bay. The drinks were so good I had a snickers themed drink which tasted like almond chocolate milk the raspberry iced tea was way to strong and quite nasty but our waitress Ashley was very nice about it and exchanged it I also had a dragonberry martini great if you like fruity sweet drinks. $8 for a martini is pretty average but you get 2 glasses for that price. The music was on point a lot of good r&b and rap everything from NWA, to Biggie to Ying Yang twins. Excited to check out the 80's night soon.Ǿ
Service with a smile and the food surpassed our expectations!! The crab cake app is fantastic!!!Ǿ
We enjoyed the "Bon Fire Salad" This is not the typical rabbit food you would think of but a whole meal in one. This thing has steak cooked and seasoned to perfection with a fist full of fries in it. It is really, really good. 

The bar is o.k. but wish they had more to offer on tap as in craft beers of the area.Ǿ
Come on a calm night. Service took forever. Food was excellent. Service was very bad. Did I mention that the service was bad and took forever to get food. Arrived at 6:30 and received food over an hour later.Ǿ
The only reason I'm giving them 2 stars is for service. Our waitress was the only saving grace for a horrible dinner. My husband and I have been here 3 times for brunch, the first 2 visits were very good. We went early. The third time was disappointing to say the least. We decided to give them one more try. Dinner was horrible! The food was tasteless and poorly presented to say the least. They actually served instant mashed potatoes! Then when I tried to use the "check in" deal they made me feel like it was a favor to give it to me! Really!? The place is going down hill fast. The ladies room was in disrepair (tank on toilet was missing a huge chunk out of it) and not very clean. On the way out one of the managers even called me "Honey". Normally I wouldn't let it bother me but it was the cap on a bad experience. We will not be going back.Ǿ
Really good food.  Nice sports bar type atmosphere