This place was great. Brisket sandwich and the bbq chicken melt we're both excellent and the beer list is huge. Awesome outdoor bar and patio as well. Service was fast and friendly and when we're back in town we will be coming back.Ǿ
Normally I would have given this place a 5 star review...however.... the last  3 visits have proven otherwise.  We eat at this restaurant very frequently,  im talking about 5 times or more per month.
Today  I walked into 4 hostesses and a manager at  the entrance and not one of them acknowledged me. Another family walked in behind me and were asked right away if they needed a table, at that point I had to speak up and only one hostess says "oh sorry!"
Last week when I came the food was just not great and the previous time, my dinner came out 20min past my family's meals and when I took the first bite,  the center was completely frozen! Luckily the manager took care of it that day. Im very upset at this place going down hill and I feel bad that they are going to lose our on my family as customers, as we were there so much.Ǿ
Food was good. Husband had Cuban burger, said it was very good. I had boneless wings and Beef Tortellini Soup. Wings were good, house ranch was awesome. Did not like soup, was more like Tortellini's in a very thick Beef flavored gravy. Overall food was good. We would eat here again.Ǿ
Solid choice for a place with a lot of screens,  wings and an above average draft selection. Burgers are decent as well, but we usually head there for wings. Extra crispy. 

Service turn around on wings is good. A pet peeve of mine is wing places don't have enough fryers to keep up with demand. 

Servers have been uniformly nice to us. Better than 3 stars so I kicked it up a star. 3.5 would suit it best.Ǿ
Worst wings ever - time and time again have tried them but these wings are awful. Only saving grace are drink recipes.Ǿ
Friends came in from out of town. We had 13 total and offered to put the 6 kids at one table and the adults at another. We were told we should think about somewhere else because they were busy. Really?  We waited and were treated like we were a bother. The food was good, but service was terrible and completely unfriendly (from the hostess to the wait staff). If you don't want to work there, so sorry. You are not doing us favors...we come to the establishment with money to pay for food and service.Ǿ
Would give this a 3.5 star rating if I could, but can't quite seem to justify rounding up to a 4 star review. I have been a couple times to this Winking Lizard, and each time the service has been hit or miss. Sometimes the waitress would give you an attitude if you were only there to order drinks, which was somewhat annoying. BUT one of my favorite parts about Winking Lizard is their huge drink selection. They have different beers on draft based on the season, and tons of options of bottled beers. Other than that, just you're typical restaurant/bar establishment.Ǿ
Consistently excellent! I have come here many times with a large group (15+) and they always accommodate us very well. The beer selection is unrivaled, and the food here is some of the best bar food I've ever had. Everything from the wings, sandwiches, burgers, is excellent, the menu is quite diverse and there's always several seasonal selections going on.Ǿ
Had the BIGGEST BURGER IN MY LIFE there last night!!!!
Forgot what it was called but I think it was 2 one pound patties!!!!!!

So what do I do? tell them to pour chili over top my fries!!!!!
Oh yeah...2 32 oz beers and ole' Davie was feeling like a fat man!!!!
VERY GOOD!!!
So why not 4 or 5 stars? Freaken waitress was pulling disappearing act on us to the point I walked the entire floor NOT TO FIND HER....So I push buttons...Asked neighbor waitress if she can get the manager or my server, 30 seconds later she's magically clearing empty glasses and popcorn and doing her server thing....
After that incident she was QUITE attentive, I now think she might have had to go to the little girls room or something like that so I cut her slack and tipped my standard 20+ %....Food as always was yum!!!!!!Ǿ
We came here a few times while in town on business. The place has lots of TVs and tons of beers on tap. We came on Monday and Tuesday, both of which were half price wings. The wings were crispy, and perfectly cooked.  We got hot, garlic, and spicy garlic. The spicy garlic was the tastiest of the bunch, and my only complaint is that the hot wasn't that hot.  They had great beer specials, and both of the bartenders were great fun. I would definitely return to the lizard.Ǿ
Great atmosphere, plenty of televisions no way you'll miss an event here. Servers very attentive to your needs. Volume is not bad either, you can watch the game and still have a conversation. Great plave for lunchǾ
Wow! The food & drinks were amazing! The atmosphere was incredible albeit we were there for Game 2 of the ALCS....Go Tribe!! The large selection of beers and diverse food menu for the pricing was perfect for just a night out on the town and a huge change of pace from you typical Chili's or Applebees experience.Ǿ
I work for about 14 months but I have to say it was a great job! Then I want to try a lot of the food and it is so good.Ǿ
After a long day didn't feel like cooking so I called and ordered carry out ,got home opened up my Burger  and of course fries are cold but bit into my Burger and it was RAW !!! not red but raw opened it up and it looks like the cooked it on each side long enough to look cooked on one side you can tell it fell apart while cooking !
My son and I where in a while back and ordered burgers and it was polar opposite medium was cooked to beyond well done. Last time I will ever eat here again!Ǿ
2nd time visiting this WL location and was just as disappointed the 2nd time as the first. Ordered take-out, veggie burger & 10 traditional wings. Hostess said food would be ready in 20 minutes... It took 35 minutes. The hostesses were very sweet, they kept running to the kitchen to check on the food & would report that they were just waiting on the burger. Usually wouldn't care that it took extra time but after opening my meal up after we arrived home I couldn't believe that the wings were dried out and the burger was burnt. The first time we were there, we ate at the bar... The bar service wasn't bad, but again, the food was terrible.  I will definitely not order food from here again and will probably try out a different bar when thirsty.Ǿ
Food was fantastic service was great never had a glass empty. I absolutely come back definitely above average beer selection.Ǿ
Standard bar food offerings. The boneless wings leave quite a bit to be desired, but the burgers  are pretty darned good. What makes this bar/restaurant worth trying is their superb beer list; there is a ton of variety (but too many IPAs for my taste) from quite a few countries. 

Service is seemingly hit or miss. Mix between good and terrible servers seems to be about 50-50%.Ǿ
I have not been here since I moved out of Ohio but during the time I was living here. this was the place to be during the weekend. To those reading this, I am writing this review for the tiems I visited back in 2009 so this may not be accurate today but I digress. 

The styling for the inside has a lovely tavern feel to it and is wonderfully kept up, except for the popcorn area which they give out complementary popcorn to waiters, I was hopeful that it could be cleaned but when I got into the dining area, I didn't dwell on it. I usually went with my family so therefore the first time we went, we got seated right next to the lizard. I was younger at the time so just watching it entertained the hell out of me. There were arcade machines hidden behind the corner which I am not sure are there anymore but they still functioned well and didn't often break; I doubt they were removed. 

The service here was excellent....well there was one time we went where our waitress displayed a horrid attitude and was slightly rude. When we came back, she eventually was layed off and the good times returned.

The food here is above the bar for me with the burgers and wings being some of the best in Brunswick has to offer. Prices are pretty low when solo but they become a little more up there if you choose to take a group with you but that shouldn't be a reason to not visit. 

Five years have gone by now and this is one of the many places that I hope to stay open when I make my return.Ǿ
The pulled chicken melt is the best "bar food" type item I've ever eaten. Be sure to ask for spicy bar b q sauce for a little extra kick! 
Bartenders are friendly and more importantly, knowledgeable about beers on tap.Ǿ
Nice comfortable place... The patio is usually quiet and it's really nice in the summer.. Great to meet friends and just hang out..Ǿ
Date of my visit: 13-February-2017
Time of my visit: Dinner

After my earlier fiasco at another joint, I called this one to find out if they had ribs and they did, St. Louis Style Ribs.  Awesome!  As it turned out, this joint is a chain, but it looks like it's limited to OH, but at that point, I just wanted ribs.

I got in, was seated, my waitress came over and took my drink order.  After bringing my drink, I ordered the ribs.  I had a choice between regular BBQ sauce and spicy, I opted out for the regular one.

It did not take long for the ribs to come out.  They came with stake fries and coleslaw.  The stake fries were pretty good, but nothing over the top special as was the coleslaw.  The ribs were about average, but I was not expecting it to be "oh my gosh!", but the nice thing was they came out individually cut, so someone in the kitchen cut each rib, which I thought was nice.

Service was slightly disappointing, as my waitress was paying more attention to her bigger (party numbers wise) tables than me.  There had been several times, I was without a refill and it took her awhile to come around.

Overall a C- experience.  Probably won't come here again.Ǿ
generally, i think Winking Lizard is just OK, though i do like the Brunswick one a little better than most. 
WL has a tremendous beer selection. the food can be anywhere from disappointing (pizza) to really good (BBQ Pork sandwich and the wings). really, it's the food that keeps me from wanting to go there it's just seems more miss than hit. there's also the fact that they're always packed it seems. for business owners, this is great. for a guy like me, not so much. i like it a little quiet from time to time. 
anyway, like i said, WL is OK and i'll certainly go there again to get some good beer. you owe it to yourself to at least do that much.Ǿ
Management is poor. I ordered the vegetable ravioli that they had as a summer special. It came swimming in balsamic vinegar. Usually the vintage is a drizzle. I did not eat and ordered something else. I wasn't expecting it to be taken off the bill, but it would have been nice to get an" I'm sorry you did not like" and some type of effort to make experience better. As we sat there, we also noticed other individuals complaining to the manager that the ribs were dry. After working in food service for years, I feel that there should be more of an effort to make customers happy. This is another Brunswick restaurant that will not get my business.Ǿ
I haven't been to Winking Lizard in years.  I spent a number of Happy Hours at the Bedford Hts. Winking Lizard years ago.  It hasn't changed   I had a hamburger cooked to perfection.  The hostess and waitress were friendly.  I do miss the World Tour of Beers.

[Note:  I visited Winking Lizard in Brunswick before my committment to my 50 by 50 Challenge.]Ǿ
Planing on a new experience, all of the reviews here are old. Will give an honest review next week.Ǿ
We visited there on Friday. Ordered food and the there was a hair in it and we complained. They took our food away and the manager told us it was a hair from corn. Which was fine and believable. Problem: the manager apologized and charged us for the meals!!!Ǿ
These places are everywhere!!  Well I guess I am too if I'm reviewing multiple locations, right?  This WL is in Brunswick where I meet a couple that I've known since college and we always sit around, catch-up, exchange belated birthday gifts, and eat / drink.  This is usually a 2+ hour occasion and WL staff do not seem to mind at all.  

This specific location is always busy, especially the bar.  Popcorn machine is always full of delicious, perfectly salted popped corn.  We always get the pizza and wings which everyone seems to enjoy, kids always find something off of the kids menu, they're not old enough for the spicy garlic wings.  The restaurant is clean, bathrooms are nice, and there's a small game room upon entering the place.  I guess it fits the Brunswick crowd to a tee.  There are other options up on Pearl but I prefer to be close to the highway, easy on, easy off Daniel-son.Ǿ
This was my first visit. The place is clean and nice. Menu is decent. I had the steak wrap with grilled mushrooms and cheese, minus the lettuce and onion. First bite had raw onion. You cannot mistake that awful taste. I sent it back. They sent it back to me saying there were no onions on it. I opened it up and I couldn't find any but if you hate onion you know when you bite into one. The other issue was the steak was flavorless, no seasoning whatsoever. And it was cold to room temperature at best. Same with the mushrooms. So much so that the cheese wasn't even melted. All in all it was gross. Not worth coming back again.Ǿ
we have never had a bad meal there.. food is good.. not anything that will wow you but still good.. beer is good and service has always been fine.. solid 4 stars for meǾ
With a friendly staff who let us close the place down Friday as the only table and Pere Jacques on draft, I'm a FAN! 

Tip. Kitchen closes at 1AM.Ǿ
Every time I have been there, the wait staff is nice and the food is always good! This is a great place to go and hang out with your friends on a Friday or Saturday night and just chill with a couple of drinks. Have been coming here on Friday nights all summer long. It's a nice relaxing experience.Ǿ
As a member of the Tour of Beers and the fact that my best friend works at the Lakewood location, I frequent the Lizard often. Tonight was by far the most disappointing experience I have had at any of the Lizards. 

We ordered the queso fundido and instead of being a mixture of cheese and chorizo, it came out as nacho cheese sauce with black beans and chopped up hot dog. Second, we ordered salads and had to ask for salt and pepper because the servers were so concerned with closing the room that a our condiments were pulled. This is not a big deal, but I had to search for any server to ask because ours was M.I.A. We ordered wings (on wing night) and my best friend (the one who works at the Lizard) had some strange, stringy pieces attached to her wing. As I noticed this, in front of the server, she never once asked to bring it back to the kitchen to make sure it was ok. As a result she barely at her wings. Her daughter's boneless wings were barely covered in sauce and we needed to ask for more just to taste the flavor. Not to mention I had to ask for a refill on water (really?). Two managers walked through and never once bothered to glance at the dining room or ask how our meal was. 

I don't complain very often because I work in the food service industry and fully understand the trials and tribulations a restaurant can encounter on a daily basis. But since the restaurant was mostly empty, it's hard to look past the continuous poor service. I'm sure, to some locals this location is a fan favorite, however, I can not see the attraction. 

P.s. Just walked past two managers as I left and neither gentleman acknowledged our presence.Ǿ
This was is your typical bar food restaurant. My wife ordered a cocktail which was very weak. Our fish tacos were horrible. My daughters hamburger was okay at best. At least they have a great beer selection. The manager did take the tacos off of the bill, but I left hungry. And coincidentally, I got the runs the next morning.Ǿ
Love the food, have had a few bad servers but, usually a great time. Often we call ahead and get it to go.Ǿ
I've been here in the past and love their "beer tour" but notice the sauces are not as good as in the past... What happened?  Maybe we were drunk at the time but the garlic sauce is not as good as it used to be.  It tasted of overcooked garlic, a little bitter if you know what I mean.  The wings were wonderfully crispy which made up for it though.  :-DǾ
My friend, Erin, and I had a killer date tonight: dinner at Winking Lizard, followed by a showing of Paranormal Activity 2.

The dinner part was originally planned for a Steak N Shake nearby, but we saw Winking Lizard at the last minute and changed our minds.  I hadn't been to either restaurants before, but Winking Lizard sounded way more interesting.  

Oh yeah, we made the right decision!

Lisa was our server and she was so great!  Even though it was busy, she took time to talk with us, beyond just explaining the evening specials and beer menu.  She was friendly and did her job well!  She kept our drinks full and checked in on us often. Tonight was wing night and half price pizza night, so I enjoyed an order of flavorful spicy BBQ wings and two orders of fries (trust me, they're worth it!), while my friend had her own white bread pizza.  I couldn't believe the check came to less than fifteen dollars!  

I don't even think Erin minded being called a 'cheap date,' after the good time we had.  Dinner was satisfying, and the movie was as spooky and intense and entertaining as we hoped it would be.  

I'm definitely bringing hubby back for Winking Lizard's World Tour of Beers.  If the variety of brew isn't enough of a draw for you, check out the prizes!Ǿ
What a fun place for family dinners. I have gone here several times both for lunches as well as dinner carry out.  The place is really big so we rarely have to wait did a seat. Also they have a lot of fun games and the lizard to keep the kiddos entertained which is great!!  

LOVE the buffalo chix salad. (But beware they charge fit any extra side of dressing if hit sauce. They also charge more for grilled over fried chicken). Love the veggie wrap as well. And the Maui Maui chicken sandwich is awesome!

If you carry out be sure to triple check everything as they tend to get mixed communications back to the kitchen. Also if getting a chicken sandwich we always ask did the bin on the side otherwise it tends to get a soggy bottom bun.Ǿ
In short: 

Beer 5 stars, 
Service 0 stars, 
Ambiance 3 stars (it's what you would expect) 
Final 2.67 stars (rounded up to 3 stars)

For beer selection, it doesn't get much better than any Winking Lizard. The food, however, is just average, even for bar food.

I visited on a Saturday afternoon around 3:30/4:00. It was empty, but that didn't last long. By 6:00 the place was packed, and I mean PACKED. People were lining up waiting for a table; to EAT?! It was a bit mind-blowing really, because at the end of the day, I just don't see the draw if you're going there for a bite to eat. 

On the flip side, and as I mentioned, you really can't beat the beer selection. Plenty of different brews on tap, and a plethora of bottle choices. If you're a beer snob, or even if you just like to pretend that you're a beer snob, the Winking Lizard should be on your list of routine stops. 

That said, the service was near deplorability. The first bartender was a nice young girl, but she was only there for the first half-hour or so. She left, and her relief was just a flat-out angry person. I mean, I'm a "judge not lest you be judged" type of person; routinely giving people the benefit of the doubt, and can fully respect that she may have just been experiencing a bad day, but she didn't even appear to TRY to be friendly. This wasn't just toward me, but towards everyone at the bar. 

I only comment on the service because I have read similar experiences in this regard. I certainly don't have any axe to grind, and it really didn't bother me on a personal level, but it was certainly noticeable. 

Finally, the ambiance is typical "sports-bar," with plenty of televisions to view "the game" on. The music selection, was also "typical" for Cleveland (i.e. an endless loop of AC / DC, Pink Floyd, Led Zeppelin and any other outdated "classic rock" artists you can think of), but I can't necessarily fault the establishment for that, that's just Cleveland being Cleveland.Ǿ
My family and I always love coming in here for a nice dinner every once in a while. Have a VERY WIDE selection of craft beers which is a plus. The wings are always cooked to perfection and have the right amount of sauce on them!Ǿ
I love the WL in Lakewood its always a good time.
The WL in Brunswick is great for atmosphere, drinks and even the service is good, my problem is the food!  Every time I eat here there's something wrong with my food.   I got wings yesterday "Hot", well I wouldn't even call them mild.  The Wings were red in color but there was no sauce!  I did ask for some sauce to put on them but it was more of a vinegar flavor.  Any ways maybe some day they will get it right.Ǿ
Racist manager, will never ever. Give my money o somebody who does not welcome youǾ
The Winking Lizard is a wonderful place for food, drinks, and great times.  Your event will begin with friendly hostesses at the door and free popcorn 5 feet away.  This location is broken up into 4 different sections.  The Bar, with lots of high top tables (perfect for watching the big game), a Dining Room with both booths and tables, a heated outdoor bar (full service all year long) and the Patio for those warm summer nights.

They run food and beer specials pretty much all week long (wings, burgers, ribs, pizza and Domestics)  and have the largest beer selections I have every seen.  With monthly draft changes, and Glass of the month specials, you could go almost everyday and never drink the same beer twice.

There are flat panel TV's everywhere, a small game room (including skee ball) and 2011 is the 25th Anniversery of The Lizard, (originally opened in Penninusla, Ohio) although they've only been in Brunswick for a couple of years now, so join the World Tour of Beers, have some wings (I recommend the Goldfinger), and enjoy!Ǿ
Thank you Winking Lizard Corporate for making my decision to reduce my patronage of your establishment that much easier. Our family was excited when the Brunswick Winking Lizard (WLB) opened and it has become a regular, almost weekly, sometimes daily, choice for us to enjoy great service and good food in our area.

However, after experiencing your recent menu changes (which we knew were coming but not to the extent they have) we decided this evening to sharply reduce our patronage. We have made good friends in the staff of WLB with them almost all knowing our likes, dislikes, sharing family stories and really feeling like this was a true local establishment.

You can then understand why we were so surprised to find that you made major changes and eliminations to the menu items which were based more on your chain as a whole and not on the local flavors and desires of your patrons. Obviously the people in one area may not enjoy an item to the extent another does but using average data to deny all patrons those items seems a bit short sighted.

This evening we literally sat down for a meal we would otherwise have greatly enjoyed only to order sodas, one appetizer and make the decision to leave because there was literally multiple menu choices we normally enjoy removed from the menu. One, two items.. sure.. but eliminating enough items to cause an entire party to decide there was nothing there for them? You might want to look into that.

What really stuck me as darkly humorous was how happy our server was to tell us that we could now order wings in packs of FIVE instead of SIX! While this makes them easier to count, once you realize they're still the same price you realize it's more about maintaining or increasing your profit margin than it is about "ensuring the freshest food for our customers."

I think I finally understand why the Lizard is Winking at it's customers.

So, best of luck with your new menu, I'm sure those who can't get a seat at the always crowded Panini's up the block will still need somewhere to overflow to. I hope the penny-wise and pound-foolish approach works for you. It will be sad to see another abandoned space in an Ohio strip mall.Ǿ
Walked in with my kids and my 70+ year old mother, who walks SLOWLY WITH A CANE. The young girl promptly seats us at the furthest point of the store. After we were seated I walked back to the front and told the young girl that she was stupid for seating us there as it took a lot for my mom to walk all the way back there, idiotic even. 5 minutes later the manager, or so he claimed, asked me to join him in the room where he promptly started yelling at me and told me that I had made the young girl, who I was told, had a learning disability. This was the excuse I was given time and again when my mother was CLEARLY physically challenged, but in his mind, his employee did no wrong. 

The food as always was exceptional. WONDERFUL even. However, it was clear that this manager and his employees need serious re training. We'll be going to a different lizard in the future. Not here again.Ǿ
You can never go wrong with the Lizard!  There's always something going on.  Plenty of tvs to watch the big game and always good service.  They offer a huge beer list and the food is good too!