Was here just few days ago, has a very chilled atmosphere, decent bar food to accompany the several drinks that they have. But more importantly the service from Leiland was impressive, he was very attentive and pay close detail in several steps of service. I would recommend the following items. 

You're Sizzlin Baby
Piggie Smalls
Edamame Plug 1 or 2
Deep Fried Goldmember
MC Hammer
OG Bao
Let Your Backbone Slidw

Definitely I would recommend if you are looking for something different in the neighborhood. It's a really chill spot to go out with your drinking buddies, and the Tapas style food is perfect for sharing. With several drinks on tap I think thier food pairs perfectly with it.

***Definitely will come back笑
This place goes into my list of worst food I've ever tasted... The pictures were great so decided to try out, very disappointing. Now I noticed other bad reviews about this place and it makes sense, wish I would have paid more attention. Do not recommend. Small portions and tasteless, fake food.笑
2-3 stars for food and 1 star for service (or rather, lack of service). Ignored and rude. 

Food:
I liked the pig ear and the Taiwanese Fried Chicken (TFC) - my guilty pleasure eating the thin, crispy, flavorful skin. Meat was moist and good with the sauce (ketchup?) Lamb stew and o.g bao was okay but I didn't like the tater slaw (potato can be thinner, too spicy), cauliflower (soggy and too much sesame oil), fried sticky rice (didn't like the red sauce).

Service:
We were seated at the bar while waiting for a table to free up - only told later that it would take 1+ hour. Asked for water twice but was ignored/forgotten, until my friend asked a third time half an hour later. Finally, a 'table was ready but only 4 chairs' (we had 5 people) - so were we expected to move anyway while one of us would have to stand? No effort to find another chair until another server brought us a folding chair. Once seated, we were ignored/ denied service because basically no one was assigned to our table and neither the waitress or bartender wanted to serve us. Finally another server came and graciously asked if we needed anything else, etc. - she knew what was up. But by then, we had all taken turns being aggravated by the most unpleasant, disrespectful service ever. 

Tip: if you decide to come with 2+ people, make reservations. They do not give separate bills.笑
Great place if you're on a budget, my boyfriend and I got 3 dishes to split and it came to just over $20. Delicious food, firebird chicken is great if you like spicy. If not, I really enjoyed the pork&squid stir fry. It's sort of a young and hip atmosphere, right in the heart of cabbagetown! 

Service wasn't great. Our server was very quiet and didn't come over very much. It's a pretty small place so it can get pretty loud and crowded on busy nights.笑
The TFC is probably the best thing there, I would recommend it. Other dishes were not visually appealing nor were they authentic. Apart from that, service was average, no smile, no character, near slim to none. Sanitary problem is my biggest concern. Open kitchen wise, yes if you keep things sanitary, it would be appealing. However, not when I can see a kitchen staff flinging her hair around my food. At a minimal, maybe consider wearing a hair net. Also, uncertain of how clean the iPad is. Having that in the kitchen is not an issue, but touching my food and touching the iPad screen...back and forth... without any gloves... feels somewhat unsanitary in my opinion. By the way, theres also no soap available in the washroom either, so make sure you keep your hands clean before catering there.笑
Heard a lot of buzz about this place and decided to check it out - overhyped.  Almost everything we ordered was bland, forgettable, and the execution was poor.  

If you must try this place out, the following dishes were ok: mc hammer, fu manchu, schricken satay fried rice.

The rest of the dishes we ordered, I would probably never order again: shrimp po po, antipasto, funny fish, deep fried goldmember.

I was most disappointed with their fried chicken, which people seemed to be raving about.  I think my main issue with it was the lack of seasoning...the meat was also a bit dry.  There are so many places in toronto that make amazing fried chicken and kanpai just didn't do it for me. 

The worst dish of the night was the og bao.  The pork tasted like it was simply boiled (not even heated on the flat top) and it was so bland!  The bao had some cabbage (not a slaw or anything...just plain cabbage), cilantro, and came with a sauce/dip that did absolutely nothing for it.  

Ordered all three desserts to share - enjoyed none of them.  The wow bao was probably the worst out of the three.

Our server was pleasant and the decor was nice.笑
I came to this place not knowing what kind of food it was, same thing I ordered not really knowing what we were gonna get.
It is sunday long weekend, is not that busy, food took FOREVER, but when it arrived, wooowww it was AMAZING!
Everything was so tasty wow really really happy with all the food we got . We will come back for sure.
The reason I gave 4 stars is bcs the food took forever and bcs the waitress did not explain anything in the menu even when she asked if it was our first time there and we said yes.
But other than that your food is amazing!笑
Tried a couple of things: pork belly and some wok chicken bites. 

Despite being half full, the food took a long time.   First time here though, so who knows if that is a normal thing. 

Pork belly was boring.   Just deep fried chunks and some dipping sauce.   No marinade, no slow cook...  Just chewy pork belly.  Good dipping sauce though. 

The firebird (chicken) was pretty good.   Would have again.   There are real sichuan peppercorns which numb your mouth a bit. 

Good beer selection.   We had a cocktail which was also well done. 

Fun music.   Attractive setting.笑
I came here for a birthday event, after hearing about this place from a fellow yelper, my interest was definitely peaked. I mean, my interest will always be peaked with the mention of fried chicken. 

We were seated right in the front, probably the only place you could accommodate a larger  group of 10. 

I appreciated that the lighting was bright and that the space itself wasn't too crammed like most popular asian joints. I like that I could enjoy my food without compromising space - often a problem I find.

I also was the fan of the way they named their dishes, I love themed restaurants and you could defintely pinpoint the them they were trying to achieve.

The knitty gritty. My husband an I were famished at that point, so we ordered A LOT.
Fu Manchu Tofu - very good, small bite size pieces with a good sauce to sit in
Sticky fingaz rice - my favourite when I go to a chinese restaurant. This sticky rice had all the boastings of what I normally get, but offered a looser more flavourful version...
Cabbage Patch Kids Brussel sprouts - delicious, not very brussel sprout-y tasting if you know what i mean, but I really felt we didn't get enough :( 
The O.G. Bao - Sad that we got one big bao, vs. two smaller ones, like I'm normally used to. Taste wise it was great 
8 piece (bucket) of chicken - at a first glance its definitely a shocker. I love how they plated it. Presentation was on point. Taste wise, I think the batter could be a little lighter, but I loved that it was hot and fresh, and the side of lemon to go with it. 

I definitely would want to return to try the other items they had on the menu, as they have a lot of variety, but I will probably skip on the fried chicken fare next time.笑
I live nearby and finally tried this place last night, on a Sunday. It was busy but there were a few empty tables.
The place has a really fun vibe, with trendy decor and old school hip hop music playing - the funny names on the menu even match the music. The kitchen is open so you can see the chefs do their thing.
Minor point- as someone else mentioned the chairs have no backs, nor are there hooks to put your things on- likely annoying in winter. In summer the glass windows open up along one side- unfortunately we were at the back where there is wall instead of window.
The food was fantastic. The fried chicken was some of the best I have ever had - tender, juicy chicken on the inside, and amazing crunchy, salty, spicy batter on the outside. Also had a delicious shrimp, pomelo and avocado salad, and tasty stir fried cauliflower. 
I had the oolong island iced tea which was very good, my fiance had beaus - the beer was a bit expensive for the size.
The service was very quick and friendly. 
We'll definitely go back :)笑
I just ordered from Ubereats. And my order came about an hour and half late. I called Uber to see what the problem was, and they just offered me free credit. When the delivery man came to my door he told me he had to wait 45minutes just for my order! My food was close to freezing. If you can't make the food and have it delivered on time, you shouldn't even have your business on Uber. 

The food wasn't terrible, but I think if I ever try it again, I'd eat it at the restaurant.笑
Let me start by saying Kanpai has some positive things going for it - a nice decor in a small charming resto, a seemingly good environment for libations and a good selection of drinks (most notably the rotating tap from Great Lakes Brewery). The menu items look and sound interesting, and it is tapas style dining so that is always a great combo with drinking. Prices are not bad. However, despite all the positives, the food is what matters the most in a restaurant - this is where Kanpai falls flat. 

The first thing when we sat down was to put in an order of their famous Taiwanese Fried Chicken, which can take some time to prepare. We then took our time to decide what else to order. For the 2 of us, we ordered: 

Taiwanese Fried Chicken: Chicken just by itself tasted ok, it is not as flavourful as what I would consider very delicious fried chicken, but it's hard not to like fried chicken in general. With the plum (??) sauce however, it becomes overly salty and almost unbearble to eat. Other reviewers seem to note this as well.

OG Bao (pork belly in steamed bun) - presentation was good. The taste falls flat and it's overall "meh". Again, it's hard not to like anything pork belly but definitely better steamed pork buns at Banh Mi Boys or even at Momofuku.

A Tribe called Hakka (hakka style spicy stir fry of pork, squid, tofu and veggies) - this was the most disappointing dish of the night. First off, there was no tofu in there, not a big loss. There is a lot of scallions in there, which are "throwaways" for us; very limited amounts of meat or squid. The dish itself is a tad spicy, but the big negative (again) is its extreme saltiness. We were told that it is best to pair this with a rice dish, which brings us to Sticky Fingaz....

Sticky Fingaz (sticky rice with pork, mushrooms, dried scallops and village sauce) - the village sauce is just a sweet and sour sauce drenched over this ball of rice. The sweet and sour sauce made the rice taste salty (again with the salt!) and is kind of overwhelming. The rice itself is nothing special, but pair the sauce and the Hakka dish that it is supposed to be good with, and you end up with a spicy salty mess. It was not good.

Overall, the dinner itself was not pricey. But the one-dimensional taste (salty) of the food and the lack of wow factor in the "top 10 best fried chicken in the city" made this visit disappointing for us. Needless to say, unless something big changes in the kitchen on how the food is flavoured, we will not be back. If you were to try Kanpai, I would suggest only getting the fried chicken (without using sauce) and the pork belly bun.笑
Amazing. Would definitely go back. The fried chicken is worth the wait. We ordered a huge serving and had leftovers which tastes even better the next day! I also recommend the calamari. It had a nice hint of peanut flavour that made it tasty and different笑
Went on a weekday evening so we were able to get in w/o a wait. Service was so-so. Food prep was quick. Order a side of rice and you will be able to sample quite a few dishes. The portions are decent sized (remember, it is a 'tapas' style restaurant) and this will allow one to try different things from the menu. Big garage door-style windows add to the ambience. I'll be revisiting.笑
Boom! What an awesome place to open up in Cabbagetown. Not only do they have beer, cocktails AND wine on tap to satisfy the thirsty and some amazingly tasty snack / small plates to go alongside!

Taiwanese inspired and priced just right, I'll definitely be coming back here, especially when they roll up the walls and open up the space in the summer!

Side note: The owners have deep ties with all of the awesome bars / restaurants in Toronto and have created some awesome collaborations both in their food menu and their cocktails that are inspired from other bars in the city. Give it a shot!笑
Been there 8 times already. Love it. Dishes arrived quickly and the the staffs were super friendly! Great food, awesome drinks. I think they need a little more work on the presentation, some days the napkins are folded, some days they are just dumped on the table with forks. Need some consistencies here. And would like clean menus with no sauces. 

Taiwanese Popcorn Chicken and Tame Impala is one GREAT combo.笑
Food was good but really really poor ventilation. The place smelled of oil and grease. I got home and its all in my hair and clothing. I wanted to stay longer but the smell was too much. Fix that and I'm a regular.笑
We were attracted by the nice decor and cozy  Asian pub atmosphere but the food was a huge disappointment. Dishes were bland, ordinary and portions were small.  Only one person was working the bar and tables, so service was poor.笑
More 3.5/5. Tip: they take reservations - this is useful if you're planning on dining with a large party, since the restaurant is on the smaller side. 

Food: I tried the MC Hammer (Taiwanese popcorn chicken), the fried calamari, chilled whole shrimp, OG bao, and the dessert bao. 

Standouts: the chicken was pretty good; not overly seasoned, tender, and juicy. However, I thought that it could've been crispier. The fried basil leaves were a nice touch, and the sauce is A++. The chilli sauce that came with the shrimp was delicious well! 

The dessert bao (4 deep fried baos + spicy nutella + pop rock condensed milk) satisfied my mandatory dessert cravings: it was carb-y and chocolate-y. The pop rocks in the condensed milk dip was original - although it didnt really take away or add anything to the dish. 

This place is heavy on the chilli, but the items were never mind blowingly hot (very good). While the food was reasonably priced, beer and cocktails are on the pricier side; cocktails start at $10 for a small glass. Not a fan of the "Cheating Communist" drink, despite the awesome name; tasted too medicinal for me.笑
I am so thankful that this restaurant exists in our neighbourhood. You can rest assured that you and anyone you are with will find 2-4 dishes that they don't want to share with you.

I have attended on a Friday night (very, very busy) and a regular weeknight (only a few tables occupied) and I would definitely suggest trying to go during a week night if you want the time and comfort of checking out their full menu.

With creative names to accompany the food, you can easily order 2-3 dishes to yourself or to share, depending how hungry you are.

My go to is the firebird chili chicken with a side bao to load the chicken into and a side of fried rice.

Their beer line up is great along with a great collection is mixed drinks.

A must-eat if you are in the Cabbagetown area.

The only criticism I would have is that they print off more menus for those weekends when menus are scarce among the tables.笑
We ordered this through Uber. The food was really good - great flavour combinations. Everything was packaged optimally so I don't think anything was lost in it being take-out. Unfortunately not the most healthy meal as many items were fried.笑
So, other review sites seem to side with me on this one, I am not sure where my fellow Yelpers ate their dinner, but my experience at Kanpai was bad.  Real bad.  Not good at all.

How do you know that it was one of the worst experiences I've had at a restaurant in a long, long time?  Because I complained on-site to a manager, he comped our entire bill, and I still am left feeling angry days later.  Usually, if a place does an action to "do right", I wouldn't write a review.  (That's sort of the trade-off, right?) But, I still want to warn others, especially since the other reviews on here are really skewed to a very positive direction.

I was SO excited about this place.  We arrived just after 7 pm on a Friday, and we were seated at the bar -- note that all seats are stools without backs.  No hooks for purses or anywhere to keep anything (jacket, etc) so that was an awkward start.  We each received a food menu, but no cocktail menu, despite seeing other groups receiving both.  Bartender (our server) ignored us for a good 7-10 minutes before coming over and I asked him for a cocktail menu.

The theme of night, if I had to pick one, was "Server will Ignore You and eventually serve you tasteless food you don't want anymore".  And I've been ignored at places,sure.  But not like this. Not when you are sitting 4 inches from your server the ENTIRE TIME YOU ARE THERE.  Not when you tell them you are unhappy, and how they can make it better, and they DONT GIVE A CRAP.  Chris - the bartender - if you are reading this: you are the worst server I've had in Toronto in years.  I work in the service industry.  I give benefit of the doubts left, right and centre.  If you have unhappy guests, the solution is not to shut down and just completely stop serving them.  Normally, if a manager comps a bill, I'd have left you a tip.  But here's my only tip for you: switch professions, or get it together.  I doubt you own this business, but I don't doubt you are going to ruin it for whoever does.

The food: we ordered the green rice, Taiwanese fried chicken, magic mushrooms and the fried pork belly.  Everything was one note - I could make those mushrooms at home. Rice was just that - rice.  Chicken was fatty, somehow.  Pork belly sauce clearly came from a jar, President's Choice makes better ethnic sauces.  We waited twenty minutes in between each plate.  No idea why.  Drink menu was boring, but I ordered a drink.  Just one, since our server never asked me if I wanted another one - although he did ask my dining companion if she wanted a refill on her drink.  

And the icing on the cake was when a runner came by and sprayed cleaning product on the bar where we were sitting - literally, in front of us, at our seats - getting it all over us and our bags, since there were no hooks.  WHAT IS GOING ON HERE?  How can you guys be giving this five stars - this place makes Guu look like the best restaurant you've ever waited in line for.  

Free meal, and I'd never go back.笑
*Service is not attentive. Extremely hard to waive down a server for water or the bill. 
*Most of their dishes were mostly meat and deep fried, not too much veggies option. 
* I thought the food was reasonably priced and the portions were easily shareable between 2-3 people

-TFC - Taiwanese Fried Chicken - $9 for single order of 3 pieces: 
The fried chicken was out of this world and each piece was enormous! I expected it to be a little dry but it was so moist and tender on the inside. Amazingly crispy enough on the outside and seasoned perfectly. Highly recommended!

-Deep fried goldmember (golden fried morsels of squid served with house-made kanpai cocktail sauce) - $7
The squid was also tasty, but after ordering the popcorn chicken, the dish felt a little repetitive as it shared the same breading and sweet chili sauce as the popcorn chicken.

-mc hammer (Taiwanese popcorn chicken with fried basil leaf in Ike's secret blend of herbs and spices) - $7
There wasn't too much breading and each nugget is well-seasoned. Juicy and tender pieces of chicken that kept its crunch? Too good, especially paired with that side of sweet chili sauce. Try having a piece with the fried Thai basil leaves, they added a hint of aromatic that makes it outstanding. Delish!

-The o.g. bao (original night market sammie with slow-cooked 5-spice pork, taiwanese relish, pickled cabbage, teriyaki shoyu, crushed peanuts) - $6
The pork belly was marinated in a typical 5 spice with a crunchy and balancing slaw. The only thing I didn't like was the meat was mostly fat. In addition, I'd like this bao more if they added more sauce to it.

-kung-pao cauliflower (stir-fried with roasted peanuts and dry chili) - $6
The kung-pao cauliflower at Kanpai was nothing like the one I had at Thoroughbred at all. The dish was saucy, bland and the cauliflower was undercooked. It was not kung pao style at all, flavour-wise.

-Can you hear me now (charcuterie-style marinated pig ears tossed in house-made taiwanese chili oil) - $5
Unfortunately the pig ears were sliced too thick and bland. The chili oil didn't come through either and all I tasted was the heat from the raw green onions.

-Fu Manchu (crispy morsels of house-fried tofu tossed in a light sweet chili sauce) - $5
I'm not sure if this was supposed to be served cold but the tofu had a crispy skin and soft on the inside. The tofu can be bland on its own but the sauce added just a hint of sweetness and heat to it!笑
Guest from out of town looking for some good Asian food and was recommended this place. Great atmosphere, great food and good drinks. Also, Tribe references on the menu tops it off for me. Would definitely come back next time I'm in town笑
We ordered via Uber Eats and were kind of Meh about what we got. The fried chicken was the best dish and the three pieces were crispy and tasty. What really surprised me was how small the portions were for the two vegetable dishes we ordered. We had the brussel sprouts (cabbage patch kids) and a styrofoam container medium size was only about one third full. The same for the cauliflower dish, called Kung Pao Cauliflower Salad. The dishes were good but for $8 each I expected a bit more given the cost of the ingredients. Basically two or three large spoonfuls and that was it. 
The last dish we ordered was the pork wontons and they were average. (Called Hot in Here)
I probably won't order for delivery from this restaurant again, might go there as it is close to home but we shall see.笑
I was pretty excited by this place because of all the great reviews and I feel odd giving it such a low rating, but the food we got was just... Disappointing. Service was good but in the end the food is what matters. 

We came early afternoon and got the brunch menu. I wanted to try the Taiwanese chicken so we got the waffle and chicken combo ($15) and the Jeremy Lin($13) (fried chicken with egg and bun and sweet potatoes). 

The waffle was ... Terrible. It was dry, cold, and tasted old. The flavor of the fried chicken was good, but the portion of it was made for a child or something. It came with two pieces which were SMALL.  Now I'm paying 15 bucks for this dish, so I expect a little bit more. They sell $10 for 3 pieces and I'm getting 2 pieces and two wimpy waffles for 15. Yes, I was still hungry in the end. The Jeremy Lin had great flavour but the bun was just soggy and really messy to eat. 

I might come back again for the other menu and order the $9 three piece chicken .. But highly unlikely.笑
Service was fast but snooty. The servers had no facial expressions and were impartial to anything we said. I literally smiled and wished the guy well after I paid and he just stood there.  They are kind of like unsocialized cats, but less dangerous. 

We had a brussel sprout dish. It had 6 sprout halves. The ratio of green pepper to brussel sprouts was about 4:1. Just call it a green pepper dish! The fried tofu dish was very dry, but had good bursts of cilantro. We also had a mushroom dish, but the spice they used did not compliment the shrooms too well.

The fried chicken was bland. There wasn't much flavour/salt and the sauce they give you is not enough to use for 3 pieces. The server didn't bring a knife with the chicken. Bring me my utensils before or with the dish, please!

The cocktails on tap are interesting. They get 2 stars for this. The Manhattan was very strong and well made. Not likely that I will ever go back, even for a good Manhattan or Negroni (the other one on tap at the time).笑
First impressions: This restaurant resembles traditional hawker stands in Asia. However we are in Toronto Canada and some things need to be adjusted!!  Both high top and low tables had bar stools with no back.  There was no place to put your purse or bag other than the floor and no where to hang a coat (jean jacket as it was chilly Saturday night), it remained on my lap for the entire dinner.

Menu: Over all it lacked vegetables, ended up ordering the Kung Pao Cauliflower which was bland and lacked a punch.  Even the salads all had meat on them. I wouldn't order the cauliflower again.

We ordered the fried chicken as that was what we were there for.  The skin was so crispy that there was an audible crunch when we bit in.  The meat was juicy and not dry.  Overall though, it lacked flavour and I was not wowed by it. 

Also order the og bao. It was good, not spectacular.

I guess I had high expectations for the chicken but was disappointed. This place has potential, just need to kick the flavour up several notches.笑
I reserved a table for 7 at Kanpai on a Friday night at around 7pm. Some of my party arrived later than reserved time and we did not feel rushed. The waitress was very nice and seated us at our table. The table was quite small and cramped but the space at Kanpai is not that big. I started off with a peach sparkling jelly sake which I've had before at Saku sushi restaurant and was shocked to see it in a tiny cup filled with ice for an expensive price for what I got. I think it was $11 and I got probably half or 1/3 the amount I got at Saku. I decided it was too pricy to order another but its a delicious drink to get elsewhere for larger amount for the price. I heard and read good things about the famous Taiwanese fried Chicken but was disappointed in the lack of flavour. The crispy coating on the chicken was nice but did not have much flavour at all and the meat inside was even more bland. A few of my friends could not eat the chicken without hot sauce as there was no taste. We had to ask several times for hot sauce that it started to become a joke at our table thinking they were doing this on purpose. Jokes aside though even the hot sauce was not spicy nor edible. I took the rest of the chicken home and doused it in Grace hot pepper sauce and it made up for the lack of flavour. We all did agree that the appetizer of funny fish was probably the best item on the menu that we tried. The chili chicken lacked flavour as well. Portions were okay for tapas and there was a special on a beer that night that was quite a steal. The OG bao which was the pork belly was not that melt in your mouth pork and was a little too salty for my taste. I've had better. All in all this place was quite disappointing and I will probably not return.笑
Super psyched to have this in the neighborhood. Does a great job of balancing bar vibe with restaurant vibe. Have now been twice and can attest to the fact that 1) Food is delicious and reasonably priced (perhaps a little heavy on the red chilies as a flavoring agent?). Bao and fried chicken are standout. 2) Cocktails are decent. $3 Jameson is a deal. Ontario sake on tap, as are cask cocktails 3) friendly staff 4) Great renovation of the space that formerly housed Ginger. Can't wait to see how the space evolves over the upcoming weeks and months!笑
This place has by far the best fried chicken I've had in Toronto! But I'm getting ahead of myself, let me start from the beginning.

I came here with some friends on a Friday night, the restaurant is located right at the corner of Carlton and Parliament (where Ginger use to be.) The restaurant is small seats about 50 people, but with open windows and a nice view its the perfect place to met up with friends and dig into some delicious Taiwanese tapas food. Its a fun, high energy atmosphere and the staff are very friendly and helpful. If you are coming with a group of 4 or more I would book a reservation, I saw some people waiting quite a while for a table.

The fried chicken was out of this world. Amazingly crispy and not soggy from the deep fryer even after 30 mins! They were still incredibly hot, (FYI as tempting as it is, wait about 5 mins for the food to cool before eating otherwise you'll burn your mouth.)  The size of the wings alone were intimidating, these aren't your average thigh and drumsticks you get at KFC and Popeyes. These are Fred Flintstone size chickens and are extremely juicy. 

My only issue was I wish the chicken was spicier or they had a spicy fried chicken options. It was also a long wait for the food to come roughly an hour, so make sure you order your food ASAP if you're hungry. But their $3 Jameson Whiskey's can keep you company while you wait!笑
Yum! I've been salivating for a while now since I follow their instagram account and just tried Kanpai today. 

My fiancé and I came in for a late lunch and I was kinda scared that we wouldn't be able to get a window seat (see review below- apparently it's reserved for larger groups) but we were able to sit near the breezy window. 

We were greeted in a timely manner and asked for our drink order. Shortly after getting our waters,  we ordered the mc hammer chicken,  3 piece TFC and OG bao. 

Really good popcorn chicken. I wasn't a big fan of the dipping sauce but it will do. Maybe if the dipping sauce was spicy? 

Oh, the bao is huge so I found really good value there since it was only $5. The bao was almost as big as my face. The pork belly was marinated or seasoned in typical 5 spice with a crunchy and balancing slaw. The only thing I didn't like was the large margin of fat on the belly. Yeah I know it's pork belly,  but I guess it would have tasted better fried than grilled. The fat was just gritty and cold but overall,  the bao was filling and delicious. 

The TFC came last and beware - order it first since it takes longer to make. It was so crispy and juicy. Huge pieces of thighs and cooked perfectly throughout. My fiancé said it was salty but that's the point! 

Good food,  good service. Good vibes. have no complaints! I'll be back!笑
Love the ambience and creativity. TFC was really good quality, not greasy and nom nom delish!!笑
I'm trying to keep up with the bourgeoning downtown fried chicken scene and I was happy to have finally arrived at one of the key players.

Kanpai does indeed have fried chicken on the menu, but I was surprised to see that they have a fairly extensive menu - including several varieties of baos. There's good reason they have 'Snack Bar' as part of their name, because there really are numerous options of snack (or share) plates of all types of varieties. Those range from baos, fried pigs ear, tofu, fish sticks, wontons, amongst other times. This makes it a perfect place for share plates and family-style eating. That's certainly what I'd recommend in order to try as much as possible.

The OG Bao was recommended to me. Yes, the OG is actually the 90's rap term and that theme is throughout the menu and in the music they're playing in the restaurant. The OG Bao didn't need a lot of selling since marinated pork, pickled cabbage, relish and crushed peanut sounded delicious to me. It was everything I was hoping it would be, and the pork was so well seasoned and soft.

Of course, I went in on the fried chicken. I suspect it's a modern, fusion take on Taiwanese fried chicken, but it did indeed have that familiar salt and pepper taste to it. It's not too heavy of a batter, but enough to be distinctive and has a nice snap crispy texture.

I enjoyed every part of it, and with so many options on the menu, it merits several visits...but I fear I'll order so many items that the 'snack' may turn to a feast each time.笑
We tried this place on a whim and were quite pleased to have another great option in cabbagetown. The Taipei style fried chicken is among the best I've had in Toronto. Everything we tried on our first visit was great! Make sure to try one of the boa's and you won't regret it.笑
Went here for my friends birthday , was not a very good experience. 
 .  We had reservations but when we got there they said there are no tables .   There was an open one in the front but they said that was for a different party .  The service was very slow , some of our parties drinks didn't come at all and we had to ask several times .  The drink menu is lacking , and the food was not that great . I had the fingers of the sea and they tasted like rubber , and a skee Lo salad and it was nothing special either .  Then they charged 18 percent tip and didn't tell us and accepted a double tip on top of the 18 percent they already got , very sneaky and greedy servers .笑
Great uye here with local crowd. Got to even meet the owner which is always a nice personal touch. Good selection of drinks for relatively fair pricing. The baos were delicious and worth every bite! Great tapas style restaurant with seating around where they prepare the food so it makes for a cool experience and a show!笑
I was very disappointed in this place. If you are an individual that has had access to authentic Chinese food in your life, you will be disappointed. 

The place itself had a cool vibe to it. I love hip hop but this prerequisite of a restaurant playing 90's hip hop to be considered hip is getting a little tired.  Every menu item having a hip hop spin on it was also kind of over the top.

Bottom line is this: Imagine getting any item from a Chinese place in a food court.  Now, imagine cutting that portion in half and placing it in a rectangle or square plate. Dial the flavour a bit back.  This is basically your meal at Kanpai.  

The OG Bao is bland. It is huge though so I'll give it that. Fish fingers are those frozen fish balls flattened into rectangle sticks and served with tarter. Wu-Tang Beef should be called Wu-Tang Onions. Fried Chicken was alright but I'd rather have Popeye's.

However, I would come here to drink. Nothing wrong with getting a drink here.笑
4.5 stars

THE FOOD...
I love tapas!  Especially when other cuisines besides Spanish join the party.

The fried chicken was so crispy and juicy, not to mention huge!

I'm not a huge squid fan, but their squid made me a believer!  It was cooked perfectly.

Watch out for the chilli's.  Fortunately they are cut large so you can avoid them if you don't like spicy.  

The pork belly was DROOL worthy.  And the popcorn chicken was really good. 

The beignets were delicious, although a  different texture than I expected.  

They also have hilarious names for their dishes!!  

THE OTHER STUFF....
It's a unique looking restaurant with the windows removed in the nice weather.  The atmosphere is great.  Staff are really friendly, and it's nice to see the owner interacting with the customers too.  

The only thing that was kind of weird was the reservation policy.  I was told they don't take reservations under 6 people, so I was told to book a table for 6 and then just tell them I had 4 people when I got there.  When I arrived I heard someone come in who had made a reservation for 3 people.  Wtf?  Kind of weird, I was told no reso under 6, so told to book it for 6 and say we have 5 ppl.  Then when I was there, I overheard someone who had made a reservation for 3 people.  Wtf?

For 4 people (with leftovers) $50 each approximately.  Pretty good!

Aside from the reservation thing that was kind of bizarre this place was awesome and I can't wait to come back.笑
The food was excellent - really authentic, a little on the pricier side for street food ... fried chicken was great, the baos were great. We also got the punch - very light, would not recommend. The other cocktails on the menu were probably boozier.笑
Arrived on a Sunday night (after pride) with five other guests. We were seated very quickly. Atmosphere was like typical izakaya except maybe smaller and quieter. The servers were very attentive. 

The one thing I must say first is that personally I feel like it is more Chinese, Asian fusion than Taiwanese fusion style. Yes there were a couple of dishes that were typical Taiwanese street food, but so much of it resembles traditional HK style or Chinese style snacks. Even their take out boxes were traditional HK style. 

The food was amazing! The fried chicken is a must try. Do not underestimate the size of this dish!! One piece per person is actually plenty!! Prices are also very very reasonable! They also have interesting names for all their dishes. Pig ears was called can you hear me now? 

Another must try would be the O.g bao. This is a traditional Taiwanese style street snack. Very soft bun. One of the desserts made out of purple and regular yam was also really good!!笑
Very excited to see Taiwanese inspired food in Toronto. Food was priced very low and tasted authentic. Though I felt it's was greasy, fatty and extremely salty. Maybe they are trying to get you to drink more, because your mouth will be completely parched leaving this place. I would have drank more if the servers were more attentive. Some of the worst servers I have seen in a while. They were nice, but had no clue what they were doing. And never came to check on you, or asked you if you wanted more drinks. Management was busy serving 1 table of VIPs and completely ignored the staff and other customers in the dining room. I won't be back but will tell others to give it a try, hope the service will improve.笑
A friend of mine is a regular at Kanpai in Cabbagetown and cannot say enough good things about it, so it was time for a visit. Myself and 5 friends headed down to see what the fuss is all about. Everything about their menu is entertaining, take a look! They have a lot of options, many are gluten free, if that's your thing. They even have gluten free beer! (It's pretty good!) 

It's a small restaurant and you can only make reservations if you have at least 6 people. We grabbed seats at the bar overlooking the kitchen, a front seat to the action! Everyone was working hard as the orders in house and UberEATS piled up. It was a crazy night, but the wait for food wasn't too long. 

We ordered the Redneck. It came with 6 PBR, 12 sexy pieces of fried chicken, Taiwanese antipasto, choice of fried rice, naked bao with durty butter and tater slaw. It's a lot of food, but the perfect amount for 6 people. 

First up was the bao. Soft and fresh, this was my first time trying bao, but any bread product is a friend of mine. Next up was the Taiwanese antipasto. There were housemade pickles and other veggie delights. Good start!

My friends are spicy people, so our choice of rice was Red Rooster. It was a little spicier than I can handle, but everyone loved it. It had flavour and heat, a lot of spicy dishes don't get that combo, but this one was on point. The tater slaw was tasty. Not too much dressing to overpower the flavour of the crunchy veggies. 

Now for the main event, TFC! It was beautiful. Piled high and garnished to perfection, it was hot, fresh and ready to get on my plate. The batter was crisp and lightly seasoned. Not overly greasy, but not one of us picked the crunchy batter off. We were all fully impressed and full. 

The drinks! How to choose?! Their drink menu is equally as entertaining as their food menu. I chose the Silky Johnson. A sweet drink with vodka, muddled fruit, and flavours of peach and lemon. Amazing. 

For dessert we shared Ping Pong Beignets. Dough balls covered in sesame seeds fried and covered in sugar. I expected a Timbit like texture, but it was unique as they are made with yam and sweet potato. A must try! 

My second visit was equally delicious. I tried the OG Bao and Fingers of the Sea. I was also able to sample some You're Sizzlin Baby and Edamame Said Knock You Out. The OG Bao was ok, there was a lot more fat in it than I'd like, but the sauce was great and the cabbage gave it great texture. Fingers of the Sea wasn't what I expected. There did seem to be any batter, which was nice. The fish was a little sweet. The tartar sauce was perfect! The sizzling pork, arrived on a sizzling platter, was fantastic. Tender and peppery, it would be perfect on rice. The edamame wasn't special, but who doesn't love a little edamame?

The service was pretty good on both visits considering how busy it was on the weekend. All of our food and drink arrived in a reasonable amount of time. Can't complain since they were all nice and working hard. The décor is simple and functional with wooden furniture and walls. Great vibe!

Oh, I'll be back.笑
I ordered through Uber, and my friends thought I was being scammed.

Our food came in douchy faux-bamboo boxes and were so underportioned that I wondered if the driver had ate 75% of my meal. The take-out containers were tiny - the size of a medium paperback novel - and what little food they contained struggled to fill even a single corner of the box. I wish I had took pictures because it was actually that outrageous.

I don't mind paying more for smaller portions, but nothing here would have been out of place at your average school cafeteria. There was no finesse to the seasoning, no elegance to the presentation, and all the ingredients could have been bought for old shoelaces at any supermarket. 

The potato salad was baffling. It contained about one potato, and three chili peppers. I love me some good spice, but I feel like the chilies were only thrown in to make the bland salad feel more exotic. The flavor profile here was hot and flat and not much else.

The rice was straight up appalling. How hard is it to cook some fukkin veggie fried rice? This was overcooked, mealy, and bland. Imagine a hint of veggie oil sprayed onto a snack size portion of microwaveable minute rice. The menu bragged about a spinach pesto, but since I could taste neither spinach nor pesto, I can only imagine that the restaurant just wanted a fancy term for "sort-of-green." This tasted honest-to-God like somebody fucked up their Uncle Ben's. I would be ashamed to put this food in front of another human being, but then, I'm not Kanpai Snack Bar.

Our fried chicken was fine, but as a Canadian legend once told me:  "that don't impress-a-me-much." The skin was crispy, but neither breading or meat had enough salt, so all I tasted was grease. Don't get me wrong, I'm down with grease, but I felt like I could have been eating Popeye's and been just as happy. 

60 bucks plus tax and delivery left two diners hungry, confused and offended. I imagine that the dining experience is better in house, where waiters can say stuff like "skip the rice" and "please drink more." But if you're ordering delivery, just order from a regular-ass non-trendy Chinese, Taiwanese or Szechuan joint. The only thing you can get here that you can't get for cheaper, better, and bigger there is the mediocre fried chicken, and yet another story about being scammed by the Toronto dining culinary fad machine.

As for me, I'm OVER IT.

SCAM, SHAM OR FAM???: 
Scam. Big time.笑
Apparently this place is know for their Taiwanese Fried Chicken. So we tried it out. I have to say that the crisp of the chicken was yummy. But the meat itself was super bland and boring. I'm not sure if that's just how TFC is made or if that's how Kanpai makes their TFC, but I would not bother with this dish again.
The drinks were great. The rest of the food, while overall on the positive, not remarkable. We had the MC Hammer, the Firebird (supposedly most spiciest item on the menu), Wu Tang Beef and Red Rooster rice. Honestly, the names were super fun. But the dishes themselves were not that interesting. Not bad, mind you. This place is definitely needed in this part of the city. But nothing you need to travel out of your way for. The unfortunate part is, the service is amazing. Even on a busy night, we were seated right away and well looked after. However, we had some superb meals for the previous few days, and this one just did not hold up against those others.笑
Very pricey for the portion and bland taste. Only thing that was good was the fried chicken, but at $12 for 3 pieces (2 of which were drumsticks), I think you could do better. Service also left much to be desired笑
3.5 rating. Place has decent food and good prices / portions. The fried chicken itself is a 5. It was juicy, tender and crispy. The other food was not as good as the fried chicken. The Baos and pork belly dishes were decent but not exciting. The fried chicken skin was pretty good. Seems like you can't go wrong with fried chicken parts at his place. 

The food was reasonably priced and very easily shared. They cut the bao in half so that you can share and everything else is tapas style. Overall its a good place to have a casual dinner with friends and not break the bank, especially if you love fried foods. Would come back for the fried chicken alone.笑
The atmosphere here is really great, and the drinks were also great! The food is pretty decent - it's good for appetizers, or maybe if you're looking for a fried chicken meal. 

The only downside was that the service near the end was really slow, we ended up having to wait quite a long time for our final dish, almost to the point we were going to have to just leave without it. Overall though it's pretty good, I'll go back sometime for drinks and an appetizer!笑
I was looking forward to eating here.  Great idea: Taiwanese street food.  When we arrived the place was empty.  We were told that if we wanted their most popular dish, the fried chicken, we should order right away because it takes 20 minutes.  We ordered four dishes and two of them came quickly.  And then we waited and waited and waited . . . . . No service and no food for about twenty minutes.  How long does adamame take?  Our chicken came 35 minutes after we ordered it and only after we had to ask about it.  People at a table near us arrived 15 minutes later than we did and their chicken was served up at the same time as ours.  And the chicken, in the end, wasn't even that great.  One piece had very little meat on it.  It's a great idea, but the service and the food is hit and miss.  I'm tempted to give two stars, but I'll be generous with three.笑
As my typical fashion, i usually do a review after going to a restaurant three times for consistency 

This place was recommended to me by a friend, I was skeptical at first however it turned out to be pretty good, hence the reason for going back.

As with all the reviews, I would recommend the fried chicken, I was happily surprised with the size of the pieces and can understand why it is a little marked up, really good if I may add.

Service was a little slow the 3rd time I went, however was totally understandable. They only had two people working the bar/floor that night and as someone who has worked in the industry, I can relate if someone called in sick and the place is understaffed. They were as attentive as they could be given the circumstance, no complaints. 

This place also plays old school hip hop and R&B !! Very nostalgic. 

Verdict- Yes I would return and service has always been friendly笑
Closed! Too bad... I was looking forward to trying a lot on their menu. 

Had the fried chicken the meal was very good. Lots I wanted to try. Hopefully we'll see a new edition.笑
There's something about Kanpai's insistence on their "hip ass vibe" (quoted verbatim) that is hard to take seriously. But they sort of make up for it with food that goes really well with beer.

The Sam Adams Rebel IPA (which, without fail, they will tell you is a "fantastic choice!") is great, and apparently it's the only place in Toronto that carries it.

The chicken is always yummy, and the red sauce that comes with it is even better!

The backless stools are a little cumbersome, but not the end of the world.

In the summertime, you might want to watch out for transients gazing longingly at your chicken while standing perilously close to the open-window seats.笑
Love the fried and the batter. The tangy sauce that comes with it ... i wish it were something else. 

O.G. Bao - Don't order it. Meat was dry, the flavour was bland. To be honest, the worst bao I've ever had in North America. It's too bad. 

Guess I'm going to be returning for the chicken, that's it.笑
5 dolla make you holla hour!! What more do I have to say?  The food was quite good. Taiwanese snacks!! They have this Spanish beer which is a light lager that tasted decent!! 

Short of it. Two thumbs up. Recommended!!笑
This place is famous for their Taiwanese -style fried chicken... which is yes, very good. However, as far as I'm concerned, nothing compares to the Red Rooster rice dish. It is, quite possibly, the best thing I've ever eaten. And I eat a lot. 

Other winners on the menu include: any and all of the fried chicken dishes (duh), taipei tater slaw, kung pao cauliflower, and the edamame (said knock you out). I find the food reasonably priced for the quality (it's SO GOOD!) but the drinks are sometimes over priced. A good bet is whatever their "feature cocktail" is when you visit - it tends to be a little cheaper than whatever else is on the list. Or beer. Beer is always good.笑
Great food - every dish was fantastic. My server was attentive and familiar with the menu. I didn't try the drinks but they looked interesting. The decor was pretty cool, though my only complaint is that in the middle of the summer the place is like a furnace (no AC).笑
Had dinner here on Friday night and was warmly welcomed when we stepped into the restaurant. We were seated and began ordering different tapas. We ordered their:
- fried chicken: juicy but needed more spices in their batter
- string beans: wished for a larger portion for $8 but delicious. Covered in garlic, chilli and stir fried to perfection
- OG bao: their pork belly could have used a bit more seasoning but the crunch of the cabbage and the soft bao made it taste good. 
- pickled vegetables: delicious 
- pop corn chicken: seasoned well and fried to perfection 
I would skip the calamari and cauliflower salad. The calamari came from frozen rings and the cauliflower salad was warmed and had fried pieces that were small and didn't warrant the price.  

Overall, an okay experience. Nothing stood out in my opinion. The portions were small for the prices that were paid. For two people, it was approximately $85. This included one beer and juice.  The service though was great.笑
So I came here with three other friends on a Monday night (5/27) Heard it was a cool new spot with good food and vibes.

Our first experience? Ordered drinks and the server came back to let us know one of our drinks wasn't available. ... And then again. And again. 

We went through half the list (house wine, ginger beer, cocktails etc.). Honestly, I would've expected to be notified after the first time what was not available. Anywho, it's a new place. Forgiveable. Maybe.

Dinner came. Ordered "can you hear me now" (the pig ears), "cabbage patched kids" (Brussels sprouts), "a tribe called Hakka" and 8 pieces of fried chicken. 

-pig ears: 4/10
-Brussels sprouts: 5/10
-squid: 5/10
-fried chicken: 9/10

Everything besides the chicken was extremely underwhelming, whether it was texture and flavour (either bland or too saucy). To be honest, I went to another restaurant afterwards because I did not want to go through the process of choosing more menu items that were not available and/or was disappointing. 

Oh and the menu's were not updated to reflect what was in the system and receipt. We corrected the server and were told we are in luck, the manager will give us the menu price. 

Um. Ok. Thanks. 

I generally don't like to lambast a restaurant but I also don't think customers should have to go through that experience. On a high note: they have cheap Jameson's and open windows for the beautiful summer weather.笑
Preface: THIS PLACE DOES NOT SERVE LEGIT TAIWANESE OR EVEN GOOD FUSION TAIWANESE. 

As a Taiwanese, i can't decide how to review this restaurant. Should I rate it based on how Taiwanese it is, or how not Taiwanese it is? I think maybe none of it should factor into the rating of how delicious the food is though, which is not that delicious.

Let me start out by saying that this place is the most famous for its fried chicken, and FRIED CHICKEN IS NOT A TYPICAL TAIWANESE DISH. Which is fine, cuz i love fried chicken. and the fried chicken here was decent. The chicken is nicely fried and juicy inside, but the batter is tasteless and requires their sweet sauce that comes with a hint of taiwanese/asian flavour, but not really. I wouldn't say my standards for fried chicken is particularly high, but it was quite disappointing as the next day i went for some fried chicken elsewhere and it was so much better. If fried chicken is their draw, they're fall short against most competition in toronto.

We also ordered a good number of more traditional sounding Taiwanese dishes like marinated pigs ear, pork wonton in chilli sauce, and popcorn chicken. The pig's ear was decent, but pork wonton was TERRIBLE, and the popcorn chicken was passable but there are better ones in toronto. 

Then we tried some foods that were not particularly taiwanese-sounding, like marinated cauliflower (tasteless), some kind of spicy pork fried rice (boring), and a fried pork belly called piggy smalls (good), a deep fried popular taiwanese bun paired with almond condensed milk and spicy nutella (gross). The only thing that i would order again is the fried pork belly, but i don't think anyone can cook pork belly wrong. 

I was kinda disappointed that i forgot to order the fried chicken schnitzel in the gua bao, but honestly, i dont think i missed out on anything.

At least the meal was inexpensive. For the four of us, and about two dishes a person, the meail came out to be less than $75 after tax and tips. The issue here is we weren't sure if we were actually full or we were no longer hungry after the not so great food.

The service is great, the ambiance is really trendy...fused cocktails and a lot of young urbanites. I could see this being an okay place to chill and snack if you don't mind paying $15 for a cocktail, but otherwise i wouldn't stop here if you are looking for good food. And definitely avoid if you are looking for Taiwanese food.笑
Excellent food, great service, awesome drinks. Loud, and the seats are uncomfortable. 
I had the og bad,  chili chicken and deep fried green beans, which was more than enough food. Excellent communist drink, too. Tried the edema edamame, the Mc hammer chicken and the super complex beef thing which were all great.  I think my bao was my favorite.  The two vegetarians loved loved loved their vegetarian baos.  Would absolutely give it 5 stars save for the stools and the loud. 3 or 4 dishes is definitely enough,  fewer if you get the fried chicken,  and the food prices are very low. Great value for money,  will be back!笑
I love the vibes of the place. The staff is very friendly. It is modified Chinese street food+ their famous fried chicken. Most their fried food is gluten free cuz we don't use flour or bread crumbs to coat in Asian. It is relatively authentic with a trendy atmosphere. 

With all the great things been said, however the fried chicken is a bit disappointing. The coating is great and crispy and the chicken is juicy but it is a bit blend. A little bit more seasoning will make it so much better! 

Will definitely go back when I am in Toronto.笑
Amazing expériences , this is nice place and I tryed 3 differente meal, all delicious!!! You should try !笑
Fried chicken. Fried chicken. Fried chicken. That pretty much sums it up. This snack bar is tucked away at Carlton and Parliament.

The 8 piece chicken is perfect to share between two people (and you will fill full afterwards). The cilantro and chili stacked on top gives garnishes the chicken perfectly. The chicken is battered to perfection and has flavour throughout the meat. The sauce they serve it with is 10000x better than ketchup.

I also have had the edamame said knock you out (plug 2). Nothing special - just deep fried edamame.

The pork belly is tasty and flavourful - a dish that should be tried at least once.

As for dessert, I've eat the ping pong beignets. Small balls of purple yam and sweet potato donuts. Make sure you roll and cover it with sugar!笑
The fried chicken here is delicious!  Very flavourful with its crispy skin and juicy meat.  Great thing about tapas is that you can try so much more.  I also had the fried tofu and fried chicken skin.  Both great options as well.  

The service was a bit slow when I went, and our orders took a long time.  But overall, it was a great experience.笑
I reallyyyy wanted to like this place since I love what they did with the space. But, unfortunately, the food was so so underwhelming, I almost feel bad for saying it. Everything was painfully under-seasoned. The only things we didn't mind were the chicken wings and the bao. Even then, we had to load up on the sauces or soy sauce, which there wasn't enough of. The kung pao cauliflower was atrocious. It was a saucy, undercooked, tasteless mess. It was not kung pao style at all, flavour-wise. Tasted like a worse version of chinese mixed vegetables - I could've got a better version across the street at China Gourmet. The brussel sprouts and mushroom dish (not sure if I'm remembering correctly) was also undercooked and tasteless. Drinks were underwhelming as well, and I should've known because Montauk does not make good cocktails. 
Server was nice, I guess. The manager seemed concerned about patrons experience which I appreciated. Lots of kinks to be worked out but it'd be a shame if they didn't make this place work somehow. Could have been a really nice addition to the area.笑
What happened? 
Service deterioration and price increases happened. 

Their fried chicken went through some serious increases. Case in point: 
As of 2015, their eight piece chicken was $19. (https://www.yelp.ca/biz_photos/kanpai-snack-bar-toronto?select=NpPF5yRvNPg2RNlg_H1jZg Photo credit to the Yelp user here)

As of November 2016, their eight piece chicken cost $30! That's almost a 60% increase in prices. Their fried chicken is their signature and the only thing that was worth having. 

Tip: Don't get their sticky fingaz rice. It's tiny and lacks flavour. Their cauliflower salad was terrible as well. 

Service complaint: The worst part is that their servers are rude. We asked our server to split our bill. She literally said: "Yeah no I can get you one bill, and then you can just do the math yourself". I was taken aback at how rude she was. 

Do not recommend. If you want tried chicken, there are other and better places than this joint.笑
Food was good but not Taiwanese flavor (I am from Taiwan) and the bartender was snobby.笑
So it took me a while to even find this place, since this was a Ginger the last time I was in the area.

It's a small place, but the décor is warm and inviting. It's basically an Asian spin on tapas, as the various plates are fairly small and clearly designed for sharing.

My dining companion and I started with the Funny Fish, which is described as a "traditional bar snack of mini fish with peanuts and chilis." The description doesn't mention that the dish also comes with small French fries thrown into the mix. The "mini fish," which come heads and all, are actually quite tasty; crunchy and salty, they're fairly addictive once you start eating.

Next was the Das Bao, which is "popular shilin market fried chicken schnitzel with pickled garnish, taiwanese kewpie, teriyaki shoyu." This was probably my favorite dish of the night. The fried chicken inside, which was enormous, was incredibly fresh and tender, and the breading was extremely tasty. The other items inside the sandwich were just as good and I would've been happy eating eight more of these things.

Conversely, the Fingers of the Sea was the least impression dish of the evening. Described as "seasoned fish fingers, lightly fried to golden brown with house-made taiwanese tartar sauce," this item arrived to the table fresh but when I took my first bite, I was a little taken aback. The "fish" inside is oddly spongy in texture, like no other fish I've ever tasted. I'm kind of grossed out now just thinking about it. The tartar sauce was delicious, though.

Finally there was the Firebird, which is ""chili chicken" style wok fried chicken with aromatic spices and chillies." This was pretty much what you'd expect, though it wasn't nearly as spicy as I was hoping. It also could've used a bit more sauce, but I was generally happy to be eating this.

The service was fast and attentive, and I'm looking forward to returning in the future.笑
I would actually give this place a 3.5 star.  This restaurant is on the corner of the street, and while there is no patio, it's a windowless design and you just feel like you're sitting on a shaded patio.  

Came in the late afternoon when it was not busy - we were the only table besides another patron at the bar.  Despite this and the waitress' friendly chit-chat, the food came out painfully slow.  We were really looking for an afternoon munch and didn't order a whole lot and for the most part didn't mind the wait.

Other than that, we ordered the bun, an order of chicken and an additional side.  For some reason, Maybe we didn't know what to order, but found that most of the food had the same spice/flavour to it.  It's not a bad flavour, but I would prefer some variety.

Overall a relaxing vibe in the restaurant, would consider trying the rest of the menu if I came this way again.笑
Bland and uninspired. Very little to do with Taiwanese street food. Everything except the popcorn chicken was forgettable. That and the cleaning staff spraying a table next to us. 1 star + 1 for hope.笑
Best chicken I've had in Toronto - so moist, tender, not too much fat, and crispy enough on the outside that it's not too salty! 

It's a quaint and cozy bar setting that I would say is akin to Don Don Izakaya. It wasn't a long wait at 8pm on a Friday but it's definitely easier to nab a spot for pairs or couples. 

I really liked the vibe there - modern and rustic. It's not too loud and spacious enough that we're not sitting end to end. Given the small space, the service there was attentive and made our visit super relaxing.

They had an eclectic mixes of really fun-named dishes! Their Kung Pao cauliflower wasn't all too special but I really enjoyed their 'A Tribe Called Hakka'. I'm excited to try some other dishes the next time I visit - just the chicken itself gave me satisfying itis.

Would definitely recommend a friend to try a meal here!笑
The food was good and the environment is amazing! The chicken itself was really well seasoned!笑
Service was great and attentive. The menu items were fun and creative. We got edamame, cauliflower, fried chicken, wow bao, and beignets. All were very tasty!! A lot of our dishes and the choices were fried but that is expected for a taiwanese snack bar. Also liked that they had a good bar and a great selection of drinks!笑
Pros: 
- Lively, energetic atmosphere. 
- Food was delicious! Loved the fried chicken and baos! They also have really good ginger beer!
- Affordable prices.
- Staff were friendly.
- Really nice interior decorating - I really dig the contemporary Asian decor. 
- I didn't expect the facilities to be so clean! Kanpai gets bonus points in my books for their cleanliness.


Cons:
- It was very cramped in there! I lost count of the number of times people bumped into me. 
- The food took a while to arrive at our table. 
- Some of the portions were really small. The Cabbatch Patch Kids dish had about 6 halved brussel sprouts. 
- We were fortunate enough not to have waited to get seated since we booked a reservation beforehand. I noticed that it took a while for people to get seated :/笑
I love this place. The fried chicken is the best I have ever had. Good beer selection and cocktail list. My only issue is they need to step it up when it comes to service.笑
A good trendy spot in the neighborhood. Tasty food, a few original flavours' combinations (in relatively small/medium portion sizes). Nice waiters. Next time I'll try the wontons, although reviews seem mitigated for those (1st choices are fried chicken and baos, with any of their original drinks).笑
Went there without reading any reviews. 
Great place! Nice asian tapas, at first sight portions may seem a little small (as mentionned in previous reviews) but they simply have a great taste. We did not know the concept of asian tapas and were surprised that they would taste that good. We enjoyed our stay there and would not hesitate to pay another visit.笑
If you have food allergies avoid this place. I tried to eat here but when I mentioned I have a serious nut allergy the waiter actually said "I recommend you don't eat here." I'm used to the "no guarantees, risk of accidental contact, etc." warning and I get that. But this was different. This was only the second place I've ever been to that was completely unwilling to make any accommodations for me.

So I left without eating there so I can't comment on the food.  Shame too, I've been in the area several times since and it's usually fairly busy so I guess they're doing something right.

Long story short, probably a good place, but if you have serious allergies don't bother.笑
It's hard to give this place two stars, but I think Kanpai will have to work a bit harder to improve that score. First of all, the good things. The decor and atmosphere were great and super trendy; my salute goes to the designer. The service was well-paced and generally pretty friendly. The names of their dishes were hilarious.

We ordered around 5 things from the menu, hence the 2/5 rating. Despite how good everything else is, the food is the limiting factor, and this is where they could improve. (Maybe they had an off day. Who knows.) The hakka-styled veggies were very bland. The spicy cauliflower dish was all kick but had no substantial or differentiating flavour (cauliflower is inherently bland, but the sauce didn't add anything and was only a cause of thirst). The popcorn chicken was decent, so try those. The spinach fried rice (it had a witty name) was unique and had a nice aroma. The fried chicken was fresh and moist, but the skin was overly crisped. Having had fried chicken from other Toronto establishments that pride themselves on their fried chicken, like Patois, Lucky Red, Bar Fancy, Old School, this falls a bit short (close, but not quite).笑
I met up with some friends here two weekends ago. Interesting food: Taiwanese. I was a little skeptical when I saw that the staff wasn't Asian per se. But one of my friends who suggested the place is Taiwanese...and picky about food. She did the ordering and all of the food was pretty good.

Though the food was good, I thought the mixed drinks were really good. 

One of the things that was interesting about the experience was that the staff made sure we knew that we only had the table until a particular time. And then when time was near, they reminded us and very quickly brought the bill and got us paid and ready to leave. I guess it's a fair thing for restaurants to do, though we hadn't all seen each other in a while and were looking forward to talking a little. Given that drinks were good here, I wouldn't have minded being able to stay a little bit longer and having a few more drinks there. Ah well.笑
Fried Chicken of course is a must. Other favorites are Das Bao and The Red Rooster rice.笑
I should get commission for how many people I've funneled here, but so far I'm happy to say that everyone I know who've been have enjoyed themselves.

This isn't authentic "Taiwanese" but who cares, the food is good, great atmosphere and friendly staff.  Kanpai now has my favourite fried chicken in the city.  It's the Asian salt & pepper mix that works so amazingly well.  And it's always so damn juicy.

The other major scoring factor for me is that they have Ginger Beer and cocktails that use it.  Lerv me my ginger beer.笑
Food and drinks are a-ok but would not go out of my way to come here again. 

A friend and I came here on Saturday mid-afternoon and it wasn't too busy at all, so it was nice that we didn't have to wait for a table. Servers were quick and friendly and gave great recommendations of their favourite plates on the menu. We ordered a couple of cocktails first (a negroni on tap, and handmade drink, both were great) and took a bit of time deciding what to get. 

I think we ordered a total of 6 plates, and out of all of them, I would only call one of them exceptional. It was a fried chicken dish that was hot, crispy and delicious with a tasty dipping sauce. But how can you go wrong with fried chicken? We had another chili chicken dish, which was okay but not very impressive. Same goes for all the other dishes...I was really looking forward to the fried tofu and the magic mushroom dish but both fell short of expectations. We also had fried squid, which was pretty yummy but was also not exactly original or particularly impressive. 

Overall, we had a pretty good and fun meal (about $65 for 2, before tip) but I find this kind of expensive for food and drinks that were just slightly above okay. I might try it again, but it's not top of the list.笑
Went for lunch here on Sunday! Service and food was great! The decor and bar area is amazing! This would make a good place for food and drinks on a Friday or Saturday night! We got the piggy smalls, mc hammer, mo money, and the fu Manchu.. All were pretty good but not amazing. The TFC was the best dish! The shrimp po po, Taiwanese antipasto, and jos louis was Taiwanese were pretty bad. Something I could've made at home with very little effort. We also got a punch pot filled of "the L drink", vodka and OJ based which was delicious! This place is definitely worth a try!笑
There's late night eats like pizza and then there's late night eats like baos, fried chicken and Taiwanese chicken nuggets. Can you guess which I went for? 

Again ordered through UberEats, we had their famous fried chicken, Taiwanese chicken nuggets and a bao. Packaged in cool takeout boxes and bamboo looking boxes we were very excited to try the three things we ordered. While I don't love eating fried foods, and can't stomach too much of it, I had trouble not constantly picking away at each of the items.  The chicken nuggets were a little soggy but still flavorful and I enjoyed the pieces of fried basil with it. The sweet fish sauce that accompanied it was delicious and complimented it very well. The bao was good, but nothing spectacular (to be fair I haven't actually found anything compared to what I had at Umami burger in SF or my homemade bulgogi ones). But the fried chicken? Oh-em-gee it was good. Again I don't typically eat or enjoy fried chicken but I would absolutely eat it here again! It wasn't over battered and the seasoning was very tasty, plus the inside was extremely moist. In fact I'm surprised how well it transported (box, bag, car) and still maintained its crispness and flavor. 

Would love to visit the actual restaurant to try again but in the meantime, very happy with the takeout we got.笑
Came here on a Saturday night around 8pm , surprised to see it relatively empty because it it is usually packed, although it did pick up by the time we left at around 9pm. Originally came here just for drinks but ended up order a few items - Fu Manchu, Firebird and Kung Pao Cauliflower. Dishes were good and tasty, but not outstanding. The tofu was nicely deep-fried, but the sauce tasted very generic.  Same with the other two dishes - execution was good but not unique tasting. The cocktails were the star of the show - both of them tastes great!

Service is very friendly and all the dishes arrived quite promptly. Price was on par with the amount of food you get.  Their specialty is the deep fried chicken but we did not get that, although we would definitely be willing to come back to try it and have one of their delicious cocktails again.笑
Hearing about this place from a few people I decided it was high time to check it out.  Headed out here with a few friends last weekend and I must say I am sad that I went this long without eating here.

A group of 6 we decided the best bang for our buck was to get the 12 piece family style family platter - the fried chicken; some sides (we got the potato slaw and some antipasto; fried rice and some plain bao and 6 PBRs.  This is enough per the menu for 4-6 people.  We still had chicken pieces left over as they are huge and you get 12 pieces.

The chicken had a flavourful deep fried deliciousness on the outside and was juicy on the inside.  The potato slaw was delicious as it was something we hadn't seen anywhere else.

The bao - sometimes plain is just best.  The fried rice (we got the spicy version) wasn't too spicy but pretty flavourful.  The balances of sweet and savoury throughout the entire meal was well done.  

This is a small space that gets bsuy really quickly.  They only take reservations for 6+ people so depending on your group size you may have to wait.  We were seated at the table by the kitchen so we got to watch the food preps which were just amazing.  I've never seen a cleaver that big before in my life - and the way the chefs artfully plated the dishes...it was like I was a judge on Top Chef!

For dessert we ordered the beignets - oh my.  Delicious little balls of doughy goodness with sesame seeds and powdered sugar.  Heaven...dear sweet heaven.  

I can't comment on how closely it is to Taiwanese street food since I am not too familiar with this cuisine, however everything i had was quite delicious. 

I believe this is a new menu they have right now so if you've come here before please check it out again for some new fare.

I can't wait to try this place again.  YUM oh YUM笑
Food/drinks: 4/5
Service: 5/5
Atmosphere 5/5

Came as a group of 6 @7pm on the Monday of long weekend , didn't make reservations, had to wait at the bar for 15 minutes for a big table. Most of the tables there were for 2-4 people. The place wasn't too busy, maybe 75% of the tables filled. 

Food: 
8 piece fried chicken: sounds average but each piece was huge! The drumsticks were enormous. I expected it to be a little dry, but it wasn't at all. Crispy goodness on the outside, and moist and juicy tenderness on the inside. Highly recommended!
Taipei tater slaw - small appetizer, enough to share for six of us.
OG bao (5-spice pork) - the bun was good, wasn't dry. The meat itself was average. Flavor wasn't too strong. Perfect balance with the bao. Next time, I'm going to try the chicken schnitzel bao (das bao).
Deep fried goldmember (fried squid): cocktail sauce that came with it was good. The squid wasn't too oily and perfect. I don't like anything too battered.
Kung pao cauliflower: pretty average but good. Although it was more saucy than I imagined. It said stir fry, but I feel like it was more drenched in sauce. 
Red rooster fried rice: loved the flavor, portion is probably good for one person if not sharing. 
Mo money fried rice: surprisingly good, definitely not as flavorful as the red rooster but I expected it to be bland, which it wasn't at all.

Drinks: 
If you are going with a group of 4-6, must try the punch bowl! It's their version of sangria, served in an "authentic" Chinese pot. It's fruity, I didn't get much of an alcohol taste to it. The presentation itself is impressive and just a fun way to drink with  friends.

Service:
I think the owner served us the punch bowl. He was very nice and approachable. The bartender was helpful with drinks recommendation. 

Atmosphere
Definitely a fun casual restaurant. They have wooden stools and tables, yet sleek gray walls. Nice contrast. What was interesting to me was the signage to the washrooms are in Chinese. I didn't check out the guys washroom, but unless there's a urinal in there, I wonder how people knew which washroom to go to. I only knew because I can read Chinese. In case anyone needs to know, the girls washroom is at the end.

Definitely will come back for drinks and fried chicken!笑
Bad experience. Went on a monday and they were out of 1/2 of their beers which I didn't know was even possible. When we got to the food menu, they were out of at least 3 things we wanted. Ordered the pig ears and Brussels sprouts which were bland and nothing special. Fried chicken. Was delicious, crispy and moist (sauce wasn't the best though). Don't think it made up for the entire visit, but at least something went well. 

Decor and atmosphere was great.  Liked how they had the garage door to open up the restaurant to some fresh air.笑
This place didn't live up to the hype and isn't worth the twenty minute wait for a seat at the bar on a Friday night. 
Cocktails are occasionally imaginative and generally well executed.
The food really disappoints. Traditional Taiwanese small plates, some of them updated with a modern twist and a sassy name on the menu, are prepared in an open kitchen. But the execution is flawed. Fried chicken is well seasoned with traditional Taiwanese spices, but is overcooked and dry. Bao is rubbery and gluey, not airy as it should be. Pork belly is served with delicious accompaniments, but is tough and some bites are cold -- was it reheated in the microwave? Kung pao cauliflower is close to excellent, but the spice overwhelms. Mushrooms and sliced pig ears are plain and boring; a spicy oil drizzle tries to liven them up but leaves them greasy. 
Service was friendly but clumsy. Wrong food and drinks delivered time after time. Server was eager to chat with us, but had to be asked several times to clear stacks of empty plates from the table, even when there wasn't room for the new dishes she brought. 
Vibe around dinnertime is laid back but loud.
If you're open to Japanese izakaya flavours instead of Taiwanese, consider going to Zakkushi just one block west for far better food.笑
Definitely one of the best fried chickens I've had. Other than that, highlights were the sizzling pork and red rooster fried rice. The pig's ears were too thin, but flavourful. The o.g bao was underwhelming, I've had better ones for much less. Portions are reasonable (bigger than tapas portion). Went in on a Saturday afternoon - there were no other tables so it felt like a private dining experience! It's always busy at night when I pass by.笑
I'll start with this disclaimer:  I know the owner and I went not only to high school with him but I also went to the same grade school and we grew up in the same hood.  That being said I haven't seen him in pretty much what equates to since high school which is a good quarter century ago.

A small group of friends decided to try this place and I was invited to tag along.  I had thought of coming to check this place out because they are famously known for their fried chicken and I have to admit that I've had a somewhat recurring infatuation for fried chicken this past year ever since Darrin checked into Turntable Chicken Jazz in NYC.  That being said my recent Korean fried chicken crusade has taken a break for a few months now.  I was so gung ho to try to find a place like Turntable in Toronto or anywhere else that I've traveled recently that I basically forgot that fried chicken in other forms can be good too.

I can't say I really have had Taiwanese fried chicken before.  Does Kookoo count?  That place is a bubble tea place but they do serve chicken skin on sticks but that place feels more like a fast food place.  Kanpai feels more like a real restaurant and all around fun place because it is.  Kanpai Snack Bar has food that looks familiar and in fact looks so good that I want to try everything.

Being it was a Saturday evening we had sat up at the bar and even though we were a group it wasn't so bad.  In fact for a first experience it was probably the best seat in the house.  I felt like Jack Nicholson at a Lakers game court side.  My point of view for the next couple hours was basically a peek into the kitchen.  The bar seating puts you right at the action, front and center where I was able to see just about every dish that went out dressed and every delivery order packaged.  The show alone felt like I was watching Chopped or some other show where time was of the essence and dish after dish was being constructed for the public.  

Das Bao which is a fried chicken bao looked pretty amazing.  I saw fried tofu, dumplings, fried chicken and a variety of other things being made and sent out like a deck of cards being dealt and it was just vibrant action.

Our group had decided to go with fried chicken but we made it interesting getting the group dish also known as the Redneck.  It consists of a dozen pieces of chicken, rice, other sides and a 6 pack of PBR tall boys which was perfect being as there were 6 of us.

Of course the time we're at the restaurant it's peek time or beyond that if there's such a thing.  I could see so much in front of us being plated and countless other orders being packaged for delivery.  When our order finally came out we were in awe seeing such a beautiful plank of golden fried chicken being dressed with green and hot chili topped off as if they were cherries on top of a sundae.  We all paused, gave that plank a good 1, 2, 3, 4 shots that it deserved before spreading the wealth amongst ourselves.  

The Taiwanese fried chicken (aka TFC) as served to us was a golden crispy dry outside which is very juicy inside.  I didn't find it to be too salty but I loved that it came with the peppers as I was eating them along with it.  It came with a side sauce which I tried which had a bit of a sweet flavor but the chicken itself was the star here.  I can't say that this version of TFC has a recognizable layer of batter, even as some KFC have an eggshell type or an overdone or thick glutenized crunch.  This chicken seemed to be a simple unadulterated sublime fried chicken.  I can't say spice wise, sauce wise or flavor wise that it stood out as anything very different but as far as fried chicken goes it's very good and cooked basically the way I like my fried chicken which is well cooked (no parts looking under cooked at all), not rubbery, not dry inside (juicy in fact) and skin well done.  

The staff reminded me of the Hunt for Red October as the Russian submarine "Konovalov" where captain Tupolev played by Stellan Skarsgard (you may know him as the professor on Thor) basically asks for 115% power on the nuclear reactor.  The place wasn't just hopping, it was Uber(eats) busy literally.  Not only was the inside of the restaurant all ahead flank as far as capacity but the delivery orders were rolling.  All this and my grade school friend takes the time to come over for a friendly chat to catch up after two and a half decades.  

I said a quick goodbye to my old classmate and I left feeling I had a great time and a really fun meal.  The food (everything I saw) looked so good I wish I could have had more.  I get the impression that this place is busy during prime time much like all good places and they are like that for a reason.  To me the reason they have patronage is because they are good and being rated highly is not something easily done in arguably the most multicultural city in the world.  

For the all around good time feel of Kanpai I can easily give 5*.  The fried chicken alone is A1.笑
Good food, interesting cocktails, good vibe.
Some of our favourite dishes are: cabbage patch kids, taiwanese fried chicken, red rooster rice, nothing but a green bean baby.笑
Recommend: fried chicken, very thin and crispy layer outside, tender inside
Summary: pricy, good and tasty food, a good place for a date

I went to there for a food and mingle meetup. This place is not downtown core area, it took me a while to walk to there. It is a nice restaurant, however, it is a Taiwan restaurant but I am not not sure authenticity it is.
We had 7 dishes there. All dishes are elegant to look and very tasty and favourable to eat.
The place is pricy and small portion. It is a good place for a date, but not sure I would come by myself.笑
We had such a disappointing experience here. I really wanted to like the place, as we live in the area and like to eat out in neighborhood spots. We visited on a Sunday afternoon, and when I tried to order a drink was informed that none of the staff that was currently working knew how to make any of the cocktails. 

The shrimp po po was very bland, which was surprising as the menu spoke to it having tamarind incorporated somehow so I was expecting it to be flavorful. Four pieces of undressed shrimp on a small bed of salad. As soon as we finished the shrimp our server came over and took the remaining salad away before we could tell her we wanted to finish what was left on the plate, for though it was just a few orange segments, onions and arugula, that's what we were paying $7 for. The fried chicken was just ok, certainly not the most amazing fried chicken someone can find in Toronto by a long shot. 

When I told the server we weren't finished with the dish she had cleared she asked us if it was the onion we wanted to eat. Then she got real sarcastic and asked if we were finished with our empty side plates, though she had already cleared all the dishes that had food on them. A lot of attitude for someone who can't pour some booze over ice. Both my partner and I worked in hospitality for over a decade and would have been fired from most restaurants if we had spoken to a guest like that.笑
A nice clean atmosphere with a bar like feel. A brunch menu was made available for Saturday. Server told us the dim sum menu was not available.

We ordered:

Taiwanese sausage and eggs ($13ish) - only one sausage, which sucked in my opinion. Two sunny side up eggs, which seemed to have a touch of soya sauce and sweet potato fries. 

Fried chicken and waffles ($15ish) - fried chicken was crispy, but didn't have much meat on it. Waffles were super hard and crispy. Didn't like it at all. Maple syrup was good. It was homemade. They also provided homemade ketchup. Not bad. 

Iced Taiwanese milk tea ($3) - no flavour and watered down.

Presentation of food is pretty!

Cost: $45

Verdict: There's potential here, but not my first choice of Taiwanese bars to come back to.笑
Let's just say I wouldn't ask to come back here again. Every other dish was just lacking in some ways that even the fried chicken though it was good, couldn't save the day. It sucks that their website doesn't include the prices so I can't recall most of it (something to hide?) but I remember not a good value for some mediocre fried dishes. I like to pig out and all but I do not feel like those extra calories were well worth it. 

If you are a table of 2, lucky you! You're likely sitting on a tiny table on high stools right beside their open concept kitchen. What an intimate experience! You get the adventure from the sudden noise of broken dishes, giant thick smoke blowing your way from them burning food, not once but twice. But who knows maybe not their night?

Ordered
Player Hater - Fried Chicken Skin - I took to Yelp reviews to order this and it's not good, very bland and greasy. I rather eat potato chips. Seems like it would taste better with some kind of sauce.
Piggy Smalls - Fried Pork Belly - I usually love pork belly and was disappointed that it was a little tough to chew dry and lacking flavour.
Bao - We had the chicken and the pork bao - The size is big enough so you can cut each bao and share it between the two - love the pillowy soft bun. The chicken was juicy and is the winner between the two
TFC - the signature fried chicken - It did not disappoint, our order came with 4 and the portion size was way bigger than expected! The salt that came with it is not necessary at all as using it would be way too salty. The fried chicken itself was well seasoned. 
Bubble Waffle with Ice Cream - Unless you like melted ice cream on a warm soggy waffle, avoid this. The macaron-shaped (it's not a macaron) pastry thing was too sweet and tasted old. The whole time while I was eating it, I was thinking how I would rather have it separately. The presentation was also a bit sloppy. 
Drink menu had a unique variety - I ordered their alcoholic ginger beer

Use this place for the intention suggested in the title, it's a "snack bar". It's fine to treat it like a bar and have maybe some snacks (stick to chicken and baos) but I would not do a full meal here again.笑
Some simple words...  There's more flavour in a bag of doritos for a tenth of the price笑
Fried chicken is life - or so I've been told.  I can't say a bad thing about Kanpai's Tawianese fried chicken - massive pieces of chicken covered in light, gluten-free, batter. Nope, you can't go wrong at all.  Honestly though, the star of the show here is the O.G. Bao - the less doughy bao doesn't completely overtake the flavours of pork belly and fixins, as with some other baos I've tried.

Service here is great, very friendly, attentive. The space is not as big but they can accommodate a couple big groups here if needed. They also have a decent selection of libations (ha!) for everyone can enjoy.笑
I am quite happy with this place. If you like fried chicken and beer come in a group of 3 or 4 order their combo meal (redneck dinner) for 88 that includes apps, plain baos (only 3), 12 pieces of chicken, and 6 beers. Great value. Good service, nice space, will def come back again.

Just a tip, we tried other things on the menu. Other than the tofu, all were bad. Do not order anything other than chicken beer and tofu. Save your money.

One complaint, too much drumsticks in the chicken. I personally prefer wing and breasts but were not given options. I mean, you could choose at popeyes.笑
Yes, the wait for their fried chicken is long, but it is worth every minute! I frequent here with friends and we always share numerous plates together. It's a fun place with fun music and the price is good as well!笑
Finally a trendy place in Toronto to enjoy some delicious Taiwanese snack dishes!
 
Our party of 8 came here on a weeknight (they earn points for taking resos). Easy to find and tons of free street parking around (also a plus).

We ordered many small dishes, sometimes two of each (from our servers recommendation) so we could try a large variety of their dishes.

Service was super friendly and quick, and drinks were delicious (albeit pricey): the oolong island iced teas were nice and strong, and the cheating communist was super tasty.

The good: Red Rooster fried rice (this was reallyyy good), and the Taiwanese fried chicken (not the best - korean fried chicken places much better - but still very yummy) and the potato salad

The bad: The MC Hammer popcorn chicken (this should have been amazing since its a staple of Taiwanese snack food - you can sadly find better at bbt places), The piggy smalls pork belly (tasteless and super tough), the chicken fried rice (just blah) and the bao (dry and bland).

Atmosphere is good, drinks are yummy, not super pricey, but the food leaves something to be desired. Likely won't return, but if I was forced to I would just be selective about what I order ~笑
Re-visited this restaurant and ordered the Taiwanese Fried Chicken and an OG Bao. TFC tonight was super duper salty!!! Eeeek. I still love the crisp skin though. Lots of red inside too so ugh I'm hoping I don't get sick. OG Bao on the other hand is a 10! Tender soft white bun, juicy fatty pork belly, delicious tangy slaw, sprinkles of fragrant peanut bits, hint of parsley. The best ever!!! Must try! 

The place still has a nice cool vibe, friendly atmosphere, and I still like a lot of things here. Just hope next time I come the chickens made right笑
First time here. Service was good but the portions were really small. Like microscopic. Taste was okay but for the price they should have given two or three times the amount provided.

Ordered $80 of food for five people but all of us were barely 40% fill.

Fried chicken looked good (didn't get to eat any because they ran out).

Would recommend if the portions were 2-3 times larger. Don't come here.笑
Kan Pai is exactly the type of place I want to be when I'm hanging out by myself or with a friend. The music selection alone accommodates the hiphop head in me. Everything here is themed with the culture of hiphop: from the catchy menu items that use song titles and artist names, to the overall vibe of the snack bar. It's a laid back, unpretentious chill spot that is better suited for a younger, hipper crowd.

You might have to wait 25 minutes or so for your fried chicken, so grab yourself a pint of Great Lakes Brewery beer (or a variety of other drink offerings) and enjoy the views of this busy Cabbagetown intersection. Atmosphere is one of the many points of attraction here. I'd personally try coming here on an early Saturday afternoon when it's not so busy.

Must-try items:
Taiwanese Fried Chicken (TFC)
O.G. Bao (contains pork)
MC Hammer (popcorn chicken)

This is a tapas style restaurant, so the portions are pretty generous for one person to snack on. It's also surprisingly inexpensive here. They've got plenty of stuff that people can share. Almost everything looks interesting. I suggest bringing friends. The service is solid, speaking from personal experience. The only downside of my first visit was the extreme cold draft coming off of the garage door style windows. This is one of the better places I've dined in recent times, and the fried chicken is delectable.笑
Excellent courteous service, absolutely amazing food.笑
If you love fried foods, this is the place to be. We ordered 4 dishes between 2 people and we were thoroughly stuffed: 

Can You Hear Me Now? - marinated pigs ears ($5). This was my first time having pig ears that was so thinly sliced, producing an interesting texture. The sauce gave it a light, subtle taste which I really enjoyed.

Player Hater - fried chicken skin ($5). Total highlight. Probably the best fried chicken skin I've ever had! Fried to perfection with a thin, crispy layer on top but still tasting the softness of the skin as you bite into it. Must try!!

Piggie Smalls - pork belly ($6). Good but not memorable. There are more interesting things on the menu. It's also on the saltier side so don't have it alone.

TFC - Huge, juicy chicken pieces fried to a crisp. Can't tell you how good it is but we absolutely loved it. Their sauce was so amazing it made me want to dip everything in it. NOTE: The menu shows a single order of 3 pieces for $9 and 8 pieces for $22 but they can accommodate for other combinations as well. We asked for 4 pieces and were told it would be an extra $3. Pretty fair.

Aside from the TCF, I highly recommend ordering jasmine rice or fried rice on the side. It really helps cut the grease and the "my arteries are clogging" feeling since everything is fried. 

Awesome snack bar. I can see it being a cool spot to hit up for drinks after work or on a weekend!笑
Love the design of the place, open air atmosphere makes it feel like your on a patio, inside. Food and drinks were superb, highly recommend this place.笑
Kanpai Snack Bar has a Taiwanese street vendor look to its interior - I think it's a cute theme! It has an open kitchen concept and customers can seat themselves near the bar or at the side tables. Service was excellent.

One thing that boggled our minds was: How do people who do not know how to read Chinese identity which one's the girl/guy washroom LOL? It only had Chinese writings on it. I didn't see any picture / signs :S
(Good thing I know how to read Chinese... hahaha)

DRINKS:
* Samuel Adams Boston Lager
* Riesling wine

TAIWANESE FRIED CHICKEN (4/5)
This was so delish! The skin was very crispy. Usually fried chicken gets dry closer to the middle but the meat inside was so juicy. Mm!

MC HAMMER 鹽酥雞 (5/5)
I've always liked Taiwanese popcorn chicken. This one topped it. It was delicious because there were that much flour around the popcorn chicken, it's just pure meat with a thin layer of breaded crust. So good - I'd want to order this again.

PIGGIE SMALLS (4/5)
(small chunks of pork belly, deep fried and tossed with secret spices)
This was so fat - but it's a good fat. Loved the dipping sauce!

FU MANCHU (4/5)
(Crispy chunks of fried tofu tossed in a light sweet and a sour sauce)
This dish contains my second favourite dipping sauce from the dishes of the night.

O.G. BAO (3/5)
(original night market sammie with slow-cooked 5-spice pork, taiwanese relish, pickled cabbage, teriyaki shoyu, crushed peanuts)
Being a sauce-boss, I'd like this bao (bun) more if they added more sauce to it.笑
The good:
- space
- service 
- small plate sharing style

Food: as some of the other reviews I have read. All sort of meh. They said the fried chicken was famous- I didn't particularly like it. Only given thighs and drum sticks. Be prepared- it is extremely greasy and the skin isn't all that flavourful. The tomato dish and edamame were excellent. The pork dishes were unpleasant. The fried pork belly in particular was very chewy. Nothing exuded a sense of freshness. The dips with pork and chicken were the same and thick "ketchup-like". The beignets for dessert were a highlight. 

Value: bill was low for 2 but didn't order drinks
Would I return: no笑
The bf and I celebrated our anniversary here, because who doesn't want to celebrate not killing each other with some fried chicken?!

We were seated immediately (but there was a wait after). Our server was great and attentive and apologized if she made us wait too long. 

We ordered: the red rooster fried rice, aint nothing but a green bean baby, and the 8 piece TFC. 

Everything came as it was ready, and I think I would have preferred if it all came at once (but we didn't ask for that so not their fauly). Everything was really tasty. The rice was wonderfully spicy, as were the green beans. I did enjoy the fried chicken, but the sauce on the side was very, very sweet. The chicken is crispy but also a little greasy.

The music at this place is great and its a great vibe. We will definitely be back!笑
The best plate of the night was the Taiwanese friend chicken! The meat was really moist and crispy skin, really delicious, each piece of chicken is quite big! Must try if you are ever visiting this restaurant! 

Other plates we had that night were not as good as I expected it to be. Almost everything on their menu is either spicy or fried. We didn't want to order too much meat so was trying to find some veggie dishes on the menu that we could order but it was a tough one as they have limited choices for veggie dishes. We finally ordered Kung Pao Cauliflower but it was tasteless.

We went at 9:30 on a weekday and the place was half full but heard they could be quite packed during dinner hours. They have interesting names for their plates! Even tho they do have delicious friend chicken but it is unlikely I will return again.笑
Finally came and checked out the new restaurant in town and was extremely excited like a lot of other reviewers here to try the food. 

I have to say it was a huge disappointment, ordered a bunch of dishes and drinks and the bill was approximately $120 with tip. The food really lacked taste and the fried rice, is rice I can cook and add satay sauce to it. Was quite embarrassing of how little food was plated for the cost as well. Might as well have gone to Chinatown, the drinks were tasteless too. 

Definitely not worth the money, only good thing was my friend picked up this bill.笑
I liked it! From the food, the music, lively atmosphere and friendly service. 

The rooster fried rice had the right amount of kick and the preserved black beans for some reason stood out as very fragrant (usually don't notice this ingredient much, guess all other places use one boring ones). Chicken was freshly made and paired very well with the sauce it came with. 

Would definitely recommend and return.笑
Over priced. 6 dollars for a tiny plate of 6 pieces of 1 inch fried pork? Not good for people with disability as their seats are small little stubs to sit on. I am petite at 5'1 and even I was uncomfortable. With no place to hang nags or jackets and everything needing to be seated on your lap or on the opposite end of the room. Average food, customer service was great but wouldn't come back.笑
Kanpai looks nice and has all the ingredients of greatness, but falls flat thanks to its mediocre mess of a menu.

The fish fingers are greasy and bland, the 'firecracker chicken' is something out of a greasy Chinese delivery, and the Bao pales in comparison to others like Mean Bao or Banh Mi Boys.

Even the dim sum 'won tons' are soaked in an overly sweet supermarket bottle sauce. The blandness and price just isn't worth the trip. So save your appetite and go somewhere, anywhere, else.笑
I had an amazing experience at Kan Pai the other night. I haven't been able to eat my favourite Asian foods for years because of a gluten intolerance and Kan Pai changed everything! I would return every week just to eat the popcorn chicken and fried chicken. When we arrived, the place was packed, but they were able to seat us at the kitchen bar, which was actually really fun. All of the food is prepared fresh and with care. The service was great and everyone in our group had such a good time. I would disagree with reviews that say this isn't authentic- I'm Chinese and lived in China for two years. My opinion is that Kan Pai's take on seasonings and dressings was merely a variation on what other "authentic" restaurants do. Loved everything about this experience!

I would recommend the shricken satay, fried chicken, tofu, any of the cold salads, and teapot cocktails.笑
Love the vibe at this snack bar! It's a great place to grab a drink after work and enjoy a few small shareable plates. ($3 Jameson, anyone? All. Day. Long.) We came here around 6PM on Friday and it was starting to get packed already, especially near the windows (prime spot because they open them when the weather's nice!). We lucked out and got one of the last open tables around there. Score!

Menu options were really fun to read, especially since a lot of the names were inspired by hip hop. (Piggy Smalls? Edamame said knock you out? Hah!)

Since this was a Taiwanese-fusion snack bar, we HAD to get the staple of Taiwanese snacks - popcorn chicken, aka "MC Hammer" on the menu. No complaints about this dish! Juicy and tender pieces of chicken that kept its crunch? Too good, especially paired with that side of sweet chili sauce. (However... Guu will forever have my heart with their fried chicken.)

We also ordered the deep fried pork belly, the deep fried squid and the cauliflower (aka "Piggy Smalls", "Goldmember" and "Kung Pao Cauliflower" on the menu respectively). Pork belly was pretty good, though it wasn't anything amazing. The squid was also tasty, but after ordering the popcorn chicken, the dish felt a little repetitive as it shared the same fried texture and sweet chili sauce as the chicken. And my two cents about the cauliflower? Don't order it... Super disappointing. Very bland flavour and it just reminded me of any other ordinary stir fry...

I saw others ordering the Taiwanese Fried Chicken (TFC), which came to the table looking hella amazing (Like "Stop the conversation for a sec, I need to take out my phone and snap a photo right now" amazing). Definitely will have to order that next time!

We ended up drinking beer when we went but we hear that the cocktails are actually served on tap here. Looked pretty good too so I'll have to come back and try some next time!

Overall, it's a great, casual bar to catch up with a small group of friends or coworkers. Although the food didn't necessarily blow my mind, it was still pretty good. The atmosphere definitely won me over. Great music, cozy decor and super friendly servers? I can cheers to that - KANPAI!笑
I went here again with a large group (around 10) for lunch to introduce some of my friends and coworkers to this restaurant but found that it was difficult for them to accomodate such a large party. Service was slow this time around since many of the tables were full and we had to ask them to check our orders a couple times. We ended up spending 2 hours for lunch. I would highly suggest only coming here with a party of less than 5 individuals.

The food quality was maintained and tasted great, but I did notice some of the dishes were overly salty. All my coworkers enjoyed the rice dishes, the fu manchu and the mc hammer.

They were unable to split bills so we did it on our own, but note that they automatically included an 18% gratuity on the bill which was fine.. but just a heads up! However, some of my coworkers brought up a good point - since it is a snack bar, should they not expect people to be sharing the food? Hence, splitting bills should be offered to large parties? I understand that it could be a logistical nightmare but having that option would make it very convenient for partons. Or I would explore the option of offering Tab in the later months.

I wish I had glowing reviews like last time, but most definitely will continue to have meals here with a smaller party :)

P.S.: A lot of us want to get our hands on the t-shirts!! I asked your wait staff a couple times but they said it isn't on sale yet? Any plans?笑
It's a fun and happening place with good 90s music and a fast pace environment. We order four three items and 2 steamed rice and felt it was good for two. The food can be a bit greasy since most of the options are deep fried.笑
What happened to this place? It was much better when I visited last year. 

I came with a group of friends and since there was five of us, we decided to order the 12-piece bucket (good for 4-6 people) and a couple dishes. 

12 Piece TFC bucket 
This bucket came with (as you can guess) 12 pieces of chicken, 6-pack PBR, side tater slaw, choice of fried rice, taiwanese antipasto and a side of naked bao (ie. just the bun) for ~$100. WARNING: DO NOT ORDER THIS. Although not expensive ($20 per person) it was a total rip off. I completely regret ordering it and not taking photos to support this review. Anyways, the side tater slaw was very small...about the size of a handful. The fried rice was large enough for each of us to have a spoonful each. The Taiwanese antipasto was 3 small side dishes of pickled vegetables, similar size to the free side dishes at Korean restaurants. The worst part was the naked baos....a "bucket" that was to feed 4-6 people came with 2 buns....2! How does that make any sense?! The 5 of us shared the 2 buns...we had  of a bun each. The beer and chicken were great! But for $100....definitely not worth it and I would never ever recommend. 

Firebird
First off, the portion for this was tiiiiiny. Second, there was hardly any chicken in our dish. The amount of chicken in that dish was about the same as the amount of meat in a single chicken wing. For about ~$15 thats ridiculous. The dish has more peppercorn than it did meat and unfortunately the peppercorn left all our mouths numb. We complained to the manager who brought us another plate, no questions asked (this time with more chicken). Kudos to him. 

Wu Tang Beef
I was literally shocked when this dish arrived. It looked half eaten already...the plate was only 30% full and the beef was so sparsely spread out across the sizzling plate that all the beef was burnt by the time it reached our table. Again, really wished I had taken a photo for evidence. Note to management: if you are going to make your portions this tiny, don't serve it on the sizzling plate, you'll burn the food. 

Not entirely full, but reluctant to order more in fear of disappointment, we left the restaurant and headed to another venue for a second dinner.笑
We were looking forward to trying this place;  something different in cabbagetown. But the food fell flat, the service was spotty - she was very nice however. Squid was incredibly tough, drinks inconsistent, spend your money at Guu if you want this type of cuisine and restaurant atmosphere.  Bring back Ginger!

Thanks for the response - I'll try it again in a few months!  Hope the opening continues to be busy for you! -steven笑
Love this place! My partner and I have become regulars. Love the vibe of the restaurant, $3 Jameson everyday, hip hop and great chicken. Affordable prices aswell! Highly recommend the OG bao or the das bao.also the cocktails are great!笑
Friendly Staff. Solid Izakaya Fare.

The menu here is the perfect size. Plenty of choice, but not so much that you're paralyzed by choice.

The cocktail menu is also pretty impressive, but the bar stocks a sufficient stock that these guys can throw together just about cocktail you're in to. The beer selection is also a little on the eclectic side, with the staff more than happy to help you pair your pint with your order.

Definitely worth a stop if you're into izakaya and in the neighbourhood.笑
I arrived around 2.15pm and they were not open. On Yelp it says it's open, but later I checked the website it has different hours for different days, so I guess they should update that on Yelp!笑
Won't rehash what everyone else has said because it's all true.   Server was a young blandishments guy with a short trimmed beard.   He was very good...  What made the experience stand out was he escorted a rather jolly fellow who was speaking to us through the open sliding windows away from us so patiently,  and he was super respectful.   He went out of his way to be kind where most people wouldn't have.   Don't recall his name but this was about 10:30pm on April 29th.  You can't buy marketing like this.   I think many people noticed.   Food.  Atmosphere,  service...  This was the full package.笑
3.5 stars 
Place looks hip with all the chalk board design and the wooden finish. The taps are pretty cool with knives and all. Sat down at the bar and ordered a goos amount of food and some cocktails. The good parts; fried chicken was super moist and huge, the rooster rice was bomb and spicy, calamari was great too. The ok ones, chicken skin needed a dip we used the calamari sauce for this, the pork belly and pigs ear were too salty if they werent as salty both have been good dishes. Antipasto was a good side. The bads, baos were not good here orderes og and chicken bao had better ones else where.

Cocktail we ordered were all decent.笑
The Tawanese fried chicken itself was really yummy, but other than that everything here was grossly overpriced. They "warned" us that it was tapa style so the portions were small, but I would not recommend coming here for anything beyond the chicken.笑
This place can take its attitude and shove it. Utter BS.

I went here for an afternoon snack a month ago and found the attitude of the server more notable than the food. He made me feel like crap for interrupting his fabulous day.

I tried again last week for dinner. This happened:

NOTE: if you go here, it is their (unadvertised) policy to deny you a window seat unless you're in a party of three or more.  I was alone, and was offered a much less desirable seat. Basically, if you're alone, you are a second class person, never mind how much you plan to spend. 

Sorry, I can do without the attitude. There are plenty of places elsewhere in the neighbourhood that always welcome me and my money as an equal member of society.

I live in the 'hood, and Kanpai has lost me, a potentially frequent customer, for good.  Screw that.笑
The Dinner Order:
Taiwanese Fried Chicken (3 pcs)
MC Hammer (popcorn chicken)
Piggie Smalls (pork belly)
O.G. Bao (night market sammie)
Red Rooster (spicy stir-fried pork fried rice)
A Tribe Called Hakka (hakka-style stir fry)

To be perfectly honest, with all the hype and traffic this place receives, I was expecting the food to be much better than what I received.

THE GOOD:
MC Hammer (popcorn chicken): Arguably the best thing on the menu.  The chicken was tender and juicy, and fried just right with a nice light breading.  The dipping sauce was a delicious sweet/spicy garlic & ginger blend.

THE MEDIOCRE:
A Tribe Called Hakka: Just the right amount of spiciness without making the dish inedible, but I felt the dish lacked sufficient amounts of  pork, squid and tofu, as advertised on the menu.
O.G. Bao: The pork could have used more seasoning/sauce, the bao was a bit on the heavy side drowning out the flavour of the pork, but that's probably due to the lack of seasoning/sauce.
Taiwanese Fried Chicken: This is supposed to be their "flagship" dish, and I found it extremely mediocre.  It was juicy and tender, but this tasted like generic deep fried chicken that is comparable to KFC.  I've had Taiwanese Chicken Wings at 1HR Cafeteria (Chinatown) which taste MUCH MORE impressive than this.  The only silver lining is that the chicken legs are huge, but that's all it's got going for it.

THE BAD:
Piggie Smalls: Pork belly pieces that were over-fried and dried out, nothing impressive.
Red Rooster: Pretty spicy as advertised, but arguably the greasiest fried rice I've had in the city.  Perhaps it's because they added too much chili oil?  And there was barely any pork in the rice.

Be aware that this is a tapas-style restaurant.  So portion sizes are pretty small, hence the 7-dish dinner order.  But I knew exactly what to expect, so I'm not complaining, nor subtracting stars for portion sizing.

Overall, I don't think I will be returning any time in the near future.  And if I do, I'll likely be ordering a completely different set list, because apart from the popcorn chicken, there was nothing truly memorable about this meal.笑
Excellent atmosphere, great location and good music choices!  The menu has a ton of snack options and our group of three and probably had 12 of the items on the menu.  

They say it's tapas style, but really, the portions on most items are pretty healthy.  Definitely good for what you pay for.  The fried chicken and the calamari were SO good we're still talking about em.   And if you have room for dessert, omg. Do that.  Do dessert.  That nutella/creamy bun thing?  You'll know when you see it.  Hi.  Amazing.

We live in the west end, but it's definitely worth the streetcar over to Cabbagetown to enjoy this spot!  

Only con: hook us up with some coat/purse hooks!  (Also, side note.. the people who had 'terrible' experiences.. It must have been an off night, because I really can't see how this would ever be that bad of an experience for you.  I mean, really.)

Pros: everything else.  Go to Kanpai people!  Great experience.笑
Gluten-free review:

This place has an amazing selection of fried gluten-free items (at least 50% of the menu) and many items are hard to find items elsewhere, including popcorn-style friend chicken and sweet and sour chicken. It's tapa style, so the portions are smaller and meant to be shared, but I still got full off of sharing 3 plates. I had a bowl of rice with my items though. The food is delicious and I will keep coming back for more. 

They also had a couple of craft ciders to choose from, which paired well with my meal. For those who can consume gluten, they had a number of craft beers as well. 

TL;DR Great selection of delicious gluten-free items that are hard to find elsewhere笑
I live in the area and always see this place super busy. Went in for lunch on a Wednesday and it wasn't super slammed for once. Nice decor, and open concept. 

We ordered the edamame and friend chicken, with recommendations on drinks from our server. The food arrived quickly and was amazingly tasty, although the chicken was slightly salty. 

Our server Chris was amazing! He talked us through the dishes, including when we were about to order dried fish whole (wasn't clearly marked on the menu and we wouldn't have liked it). He was quite funny and really made our meal a great experience. 

If you go made a reservation! I always see this place packed to the rafters on a Friday night 

Am going to be making this a regular for my work lunches! Also, cool T-Shirts!笑
Stopped by to grab a bite before heading to a concert in the area. A lot of people seemed to rave about the fried chicken, and so did the server who recommended it so that's what we decided to get.

The chicken came piping hot. It looked delicious and I couldn't wait to try it. In the process I burned my mouth and also almost died by the amount of salt that was used. HOLY SODIUM. I had 2 pieces to eat and I could barely finish my 2nd piece and instead was getting full by the amount of water I ended up drinking. 

We also got the O.G bao and the sizzling pork plate, both of which were just meh. The bao was probably the best of the 3 items we ordered but I wouldn't come back just for it. 

Service was great though. But the food really wasn't worth it.笑
I had mad cravings for Fried Chicken so I decided to check this place out!

MO MONEY: It was fried rice with spinach puree. It was ok, a little plain to me. My friend enjoyed this dish though. There was nothing special about this dish, it is what it is. Rice+Spinach to make it Green+ Some Veggies


Taiwanese Fried Chicken (TFC): I was so excited when it came out. I opened it and the juices of my chicken was still red. It was running red and the meat did not look cook. I brought it back to the kitchen, and they actually brought it back to me saying it was cooked, but they could make me another piece. I thought it was very odd, I expected them to make me another piece instead of bringing back the piece of chicken which was still raw. Overall, the fried chicken was decent. It was not outstanding and I have had better in the city.

I do not think I would come back. 2 Stars is pretty harsh but the service was not good as well. I felt that it could have been better.笑
I was quite excited to try this place out since I love Taiwanese street food. Having studied their menu extensively, I knew what I wanted to order from Kanpai. We came for lunch during a weekend, plenty of space available although there was only one waitress. I do have to commend her efficiency, and she was very accommodating as noted throughout our dining experience.
On to the food, I have to say I was a bit disappointed. Everything was just...okay. Presentation was quite lacking and dull. Flavour department was also underwhelming.
Between the two of us we shared:

Can You Hear Me Now - sliced pig ears in chili oil. This was okay, I would've liked them to be cut smaller; it would've resulted in less slimy textures.

Hot in Herre - pork filled wontons. I'm not sure if this was supposed to be a cold dish but I would've liked it to come out piping hot, would've been more enjoyable. I don't care for the chili oil, I find it too sweet for my liking. 

Das Bao - this is where I was most disappointed as the chicken schnitzel, albeit having a crunchy skin, was rock hard. It was definitely overcooked. I'm also not thrilled about the cilantro, which included long stems that were a bit off-putting. 

3 pc TFC- after being dubbed one of the best fried chicken in Toronto, we had to try it out. This was the most satisfying dish out of our whole meal. Chicken skin came out crispy, while the meat stayed moist. Nicely seasoned, and I do like the garlicky hot sauce (although to me it seems more like ketchup) that came with it.

Overall, I find our experience quite underwhelming. I feel the dishes could've been more refined both taste and presentation wise. I did notice the price increase, as most dishes are $1-2 more than when I last looked at their menu.笑
TLDR: Food is good. Service can either be great or the absolute worst. 

My husband and I have gone here twice. Our first experience was fantastic. Our waitress assisted us right away, explained how things worked there, and made recommendations for how many dishes couples usually enjoy. We were warned about the 25 minute wait time on the fried chicken, asked about allergies, served drinks, the works. She was amazing. If I could get her every single time I would desperately try to. I deeply regret not holding on to my receipt from that first dinner just to see if her name was listed on it. The food was good, not exactly to my taste the first time around but I can't deny that it was good. 

The second time service was horrendous. We arrived shortly after opening for the evening and our server was uninterested at best. I didn't expect every single service to continue to have the same plethora of question and answer period as our first time, but our waiter barely even acknowledged our entry to the restaurant. After dropping off menus he gave us all of maybe 3 minutes before coming back to attempt to take our orders. We requested more time, all was friendly, and we really didn't think anything of it at the time. Then he came back 3 minutes later to do the same thing. We were still very obviously discussing the menu at this point and were still not ready. Nonetheless we requested more time and no offense was made or taken at this point. After we ordered our food the restaurant started to fill with more patrons. Specifically behind our table were 3 tables of young women. For the remainder of our meal we watched our server attend to the tables of young ladies at least twice as much as my husband and myself. We never received a single water refill although our server picked up our empty bottle and moved it aside when dropping off our plates once. Our waiter also forgot to put in our order for the 25 minute fried chicken. Or he gave it to another table. He never confessed to what happened as he tried to place the blame of the delay on the kitchen. 

On the plus side we loved the food on the second trip. It's too bad that it was soured with terrible service.笑
Ordered some buns from uber eats. The pork was delicious- very soft and flavourful. 

However, the bun was dry, and the description of the toppings was wildly misleading. E.g. pickled cabbage, Taiwanese relish, teriyaki shoyu was advertised. Instead, what was received was raw cabbage and a little swipe of hoisin sauce. 

I didn't mind, and I'm not complaining, I just don't see the point of trying to make a dish seem trendy by using buzzwords.笑
The fried chicken was great. The service was great. The decor is really nice. My cocktail was interesting. The music was good too but waaaaay too loud. Yelling over your meal to talk doesn't make sense.笑
This place was open when nothing else in the area was. I had gotten in from the airport late and wanted something walking distance from me when this snack bar showed up on my radar (my gps). I was greeted warmly by the interior and the hostess who seated me. The food was delicious and I felt very satisfied by the end of my meal. I ordered the money bun (will replace with its actual name later) and gyoza and it was the perfect amount of food.笑
Went for a Saturday lunch w a couple buddies. Place was half full.
Fried chicken, OG Bao bun, Red Rooster fried rice and fried garlic edamame were all awesome.
The other few dishes we had were good but not knock your socks off.

Sat at at the bar and the bartender/waitress was great. Good beer on tap and they take their cocktails seriously.
I'd go back and I'd happy reco it to ppl looking for a casual, comfort filled bit out and a chill atmosphere.

Open kitchen and seating around it was cool too!笑
I'm normally not a huge fan of fried chicken but Kanpai was better than I expected. Came here for a friend's birthday with a group of 10 and we ordered a variety of items from their original fried chicken, pork belly and chicken baos and their popcorn chicken. All were so tasty and lightly battered. And also usually when you think of fried chicken theres lots of oil but there was far less from it.

Loved the casual atmosphere and the open concept kitchen. All the staff were friendly and attentive. 

It was super busy here on a Friday night so be sure to make reservations if you are coming with a group of 4 or more.笑
The long-awaited Kanpai Snack Bar has opened its doors for all to see and taste. With mini teasers here and there from Instagram (kanpaisnackbar) BlogTO and Toronto Life, I sat in front of my computer screen, scrolling through photos, drooling, licking my lips, ever so patiently.

Fast forward to this past weekend (or just a weekend if you aren't reading this freshly written) I stroll through the glass doors and set foot in Kanpai. A beautiful restaurant with unobstructed views of Parliament St. the feel is like many other hip restaurants, modern rustic. The use of reclaimed wood is undoubtedly noticeable from floor to ceiling, table tops, stools and bar top. Edison bulbs illuminate the details of the space, like the Taiwanese imported beer tap handles (which double as knives come emergency), and incredible shine from the stainless steel kitchen.    

So the feeling is casual and comfortable while the music is awesome too. Trevor Lui (co-owner) is apparently also a DJ, so old school jams made for a welcoming ambiance. The food here is inspired by the hundreds of night markets which live in Taiwan. Kanpai brings the food here, in Cabbagetown in snack/tapas style.

The menu comes on a clipboard with Drinks and Food. 

On tap, craft beer, cocktails, sake, wine and cold-brewed coffee.
I order the Montauk cocktail, which is created by the guys from the bar, Montauk... Why the hell not? Their bar program is incredible and they created a drink called the Kanpai over at their digs, which I need to try out too. Back to the actual drink, smooth and refreshing. Very light and the taste of tequila is certainly present while the burn is absent. Maybe another later.

For the food, the menu is quite impressive in terms of how many items you can choose from.  Over 25 to choose from ranging from cold dishes, fried rice options, sides, desserts and their Taiwanese Fried Chicken (TFC). There is also something called the Redneck Dinner which features 12 pieces of TFC, 6 PBRs, fried rice, Taiwanese antipasto, and naked bao with teriyaki butter. Something I will definitely be back for.

As for this trip, I tried a bunch of hot dishes and shared with friends, as everyone who comes should do.    

Favourites: 
MC Hammer popcorn chicken, super flavorful and crispy delicious
Fu Manchu tofu, sauced well and again, crispy delicious
OG Bao, great textures and pork is uber tender
Taiwanese Fried Chicken

Overall, I really like Kanpai because the dishes are spiced well and priced well ($5-$7 per small plate). The small plates allow groups to share a bunch of dishes without breaking the wallet, and the flavors speak volumes here. I also feel comfortable eating in this atmosphere, everyone seems to be having fun, connecting with each other and their food. With all the drinks on tap, food choice on the menu, and great service provided, I don't see any reason to dislike Kanpai! It's great and Ill be back for the Redneck Dinner soon.笑
Fried chicken. Bao. Popcorn chicken. $3 Irish whiskey shots. What more do you need? Plus the servers have awesome shirts too! Haha!

Service was okay and the place is small and super busy on a Friday night. I think they need to hire more than servers as we could tell our 2 servers looked pretty overwhelmed and they forgot a few things here and there.

But as with every single "asian themed" joint you come for the food and not the service. The food is great and the place is pretty hip. I think they need to improve their signage as most of our friends could not find the place even though it is literally right on the corner.

Anyways, I would definitely come back for more fried chicken and amazing Bao!笑
Uber eats review: we ordered the most popular dishes, and everything was a soggy, small portioned, disappointment. The food lacked the advertised garnishes and in one case it lacked any dressing. Definitely not ordering from here. We found the pork salad disgusting - even our dog wouldn't eat it. There was also a significant, ie 30 minute, delay in processing the food.笑
Wow, what a place. Very good small plates that are executed well, and the right flavour profile. The cocktails are also outstanding, and the staff offer good suggestions and customization. I will be back very soon.笑
Very hipster. Typical exposed brick. Plain light bulbs. Stools. That kind of thing. I found this place just meh. The windowless front is nice and the surroundings are pleasant. We were a group of six. Decent Cocktails. Service was friendly. The food to me isn't worth writing home about. The og bao was good. The chicken bao bland but has a good texture contrast. The edamame I would run away with. They were fabulous. 

The rest. Unremarkable. Apart from the Brussel sprouts dish. To me they always taste farty. These were no different. I'd probably return. But I'm in no rush