In my own opinion, they have the best pizza in Concord.  The crust is a little chewy, but everything has a great flavor and it also reheats really well.  In the restaurant, the service is excellent, the beer is cold, and the prices are reasonable.

Their calzones and stromboli are also great.  I haven't eaten any other dishes here.Ǿ
First off---food is great. Service is generally good. And we frequent this place a couple times a month. We still will as they have something on the menu most everyone likes. My 2 star review is for something that is a pet peeve of mine, here and other places. If you take an order from a table of 5, please please please WRITE IT DOWN!  It may seem cool to act like you can remember a moderate order of this size without recording it, but when you totally whiff and forget to put in the appetizer order, and then bring the food out--it just reeks of amateur hour. Waitress was nice enough but the "oh yeah, I forgot to put it in" cost the place 9.00 and put a damper on our experience. This is by no means the only place this has ever happened, but your effort to cut corners left us with a very average experience. I had an experience once with a waiter that tried to take 10 orders this way and then brought out 9 correct orders and 1 wrong one and proceeded to ask "well do you want this instead?"Ǿ
After  being turned away from a nearby restaurant (it was 9:00, after all) my son and I wandered over to this place for a quick pizza. What a find!  Great NY style pizza, great service, and great prices. We left with our tummies full, our moods restored, and our wallets still holding money.Ǿ
I use to love this place. But recently they have been running out of things. No pesto sauce twice now. No more wheat pasta or Gnocchi. Might have to find another Italian restaurant.Ǿ
have visited Romano's several times through the years and they continue a standard of great food with great serviceǾ
I was here during work hours a few months ago picking up an order for my job. I'm not changing my review on the service. However my husband and I decided to revisit the establishment because (and I did not mention this in my last review) the food is REALLY good. Everything is made very well and it is some of the BEST Italian we've ever had. HOWEVER, after the girl who rung us up told everyone who we were and what had happened last time I visited ( she was working that day too- and you could clearly hear her talking other employees) our, what was supposed to be relaxing lunch, turned awkward as every other employee stared at us. So yes, the food is fantastic. The waitress we had was nice, even the manager who I thought was rude last time was pleasant, But that one girl ruined what could have been a redemption of a customer.Ǿ
I stopped here while traveling based on yelp reviews.  The service was really poor.  I waited a long time for even a drink, and had to ask again for someone to bring me something.  When my coffee came it was cold - and not just a little cool.  The salad was unimpressive iceberg lettuce with a few cherry tomatoes. I had to ask them to bring me a fork with which to eat it. The sausage and peppers dish was very plain and bland. This was the first time I feel like yelp let me down on reviews.  Perhaps their pizza is good, but I would not recommend trying it for anything else.Ǿ
THE BEST PIZZA IN CABARRUS COUNTY! Granted, I haven't had every slice of pizza in Cabarrus County, but this is some darn good pizza. New York style, veeeerrry thin, with savory tomato sauce and thick, crispy crust. I love the way the grease rolls down its triangle figure. Oooooo... And it's an additional plus because it's one of the few (if not the ONLY) place you can get pizza by the slice--2 slices of cheese runs a mere $4!! Beat that, if you can! 

The cheese steak hoagies and cheese fries are also ACE. I'm not sure that Concord/Kannapolis people know what a gem they've got in Romano's. The only place I've had better cheese steaks and cheese fries was Philly (and the surrounding South Jersey/Camden area). 

The service is swelligan, as well (ie, when I was waiting for my pizza and the server girl smiles and tells me, "Have a seat! You don't have to stand!") The owner, Sal, is super nice and loved by the community (I think the restaurant does community service, reaching out particularly to elementary schools). The ambiance of Romano's is typical pizzeria, kinda cheesy (No pun intended, hahahahaha...) and totally family friendly. 

Four enthusiastic thumbs up!Ǿ
It's hard to find NY style pizza in NC let alone in Concord. But Romano's has the kinda pizza that makes me harken back to my childhood days in Connecticut. Good thin chewy crust. Good pepperoni.  Good sauce most of the time. Sometimes it's a little spicy and overcomes the rich tomato taste of the sauce. They have 2 dollars off  X-Large every Monday and Saturday. Can't beat that.Ǿ
The person answering the phone is consistently rude and incompetent when it comes to delivery.  It usually takes about 45 minutes to 1:30 to recieve our food and it usually ranges from slightly to completely wrong.  This is the last time we are ordering from this establishment.  The main reason?  They could not possibly care less about our business and it shows.Ǿ
We been going here for years, my family and I love the food we try to make this a every week thing. If we can't make it in there we just order delivery foods always fresh we specially love Saturday's with the $2 off the xlarge pizzas.Ǿ
Food is great, but they didn't give me all my take out order.  IWent a few days later called and spoke to someone about forgetting a $9 salad!  Went the following week to get the salad, and it turned into a hassle.  I'm going to Rosario's /off popular tent and george lylesǾ
I just to eat a lot of pizza here, its great, but then i start to eat a little more healthy lets say!, they have that option too, with a variety of salads, My personal Fav it's the Greek Salad with extra chicken, "Era Molto Saporito" " Delicious"  OMG its just delightful!!!Ǿ
Pretty gross. Pizza was soggy, lacking flavor, and just had way too much cheese. Wings were dry and flavorless. Not eating here again...Ǿ
Disappointed to say the least.  I decided to visit because of the rating but boy was I surprised.  To start with, we ordered the sampler appetizer and everything seemed to be the same that you'd get from a bar at midnight.  The fried mushrooms were in a batter that seemed freezer burned with bad taste.  The chicken fingers were okay.  I didn't try the cheese sticks or zucchini and the onion rings did have a hint of beer batter.  That was the best part of it.  We had to ask our server twice for plates and when they did arrive, one had cheese on it the dishwasher couldn't get off.  We ordered the Romano's Special large pizza.  Pretty much like a supreme anywhere else.  All of the toppings were frozen except for perhaps the onions.  Nothing New York about that at all.  New Yorkers know how to make pizza.  We both had iced tea and our server only visited us once after the pizza came near the end of our meal so we both sat there throughout our meal with empty glasses.  We won't be going back.Ǿ
We just moved from Boston and happened to stumble in to romanos THE STROMBOLIS ARE THE BEST WEVE HAD!!! The Pesto Pizza Is Great Everything is fresh with a nice friendly staff!!Ǿ
My family and I love Romano's! This is my favorite pizza place that isn't a chain in the area. We usually go with a pizza and chef salad. It isn't the largest place, but is definitely comfortable and the food is always delicious. Check it out if you are ever in the area.Ǿ
You know , I have ate at Romanos several times before and it was always good . Tonight was the best I have ever had from there . Is it Dannys in Ft Mill ? Nope , but Dannys pie is special , lol. If I keep on getting pepperoni/mushroom pies like I got tonight Romanos will lay claim to the crown of best pie in ConcordǾ
Pizza that can't be beat and an incredible bruschetta makes this place a favorite. Lunch is good too with a delicious array of subs to choose from priced right and made fast.Ǿ
I was surprised about how small the place was.  There was only a dozen or so tables.  We ordered calzones.  The server didn't even bat an eye when I wanted to change the cheese and meat inside the calzone.  Super friendly staff.  The calzone was one of the best that I've ever had.  If I was ever around this area again, I would go back.Ǿ
We ordered from this spot last night-January 14th, 2013. The food is really, really good. The pizza sauce was pretty tasty, softer but firm crust. The fried zucchini was yummy. The zeppoli by far is the best I've ever tasted. They are soft, with an ample amount of powdered sugar AND you can add chocolate sauce to dip them in at no additional charge. The lady on the phone taking orders was really polite and made sure to get everything correct. And even better-they deliver within a 4 mile radius ($2.50 delivery surcharge, well worth it though if you dont feel like driving on a lazy night). I would recommend them for catering=they're that good.Ǿ
My wife and I have been going to Romano's for many years as they were the closest thing to NYC pizza we could find here in NC. However, they have changed owners several times and each time the quality of the food has gone down. 
The last two times we ate there we were disappointed. Tonight, we decided to give it one last try. We ordered our usual, an extra large pie with mushrooms and onions. OMG... it was horrendous!!! I ate one slice from the pie as did my wife. We left the rest on the table and we will NEVER go back.
So... what was so bad? The crust was... bready. The sauce was bland. The cheese. Well... I'm not sure what kind of cheese it was.
I tried adding Parmesan cheese and that helped a little, but there was no getting away from the bread-like crust. If you know NYC pizza, then you know that the crust is as important as the sauce and that is as important as the cheese.
I did notice a lack of any spices in the sauce or sprinkled on top. Overall, the Pizza was awful.
We used to love Romano's. We would go every Friday night and it was packed. Considering tonight is Friday night, there was only one other table with  a family sitting at it. I guess others figured out what my wife and I finally came to realize.
Do yourself a favor and try Brooklyns Pizza on 601 and 49, or better yet, go to Rozzario's near Poplar tent road.Ǿ
Edit: While I've had some seriously good pizza from here, I've become more underwhelmed with every visit.  Still my go-to, and totally "passable" but definitely not consistently the best I've ever had. 

Holy moly I just had the best pizza. I'm a bit of a pizza snob, and this totally hit the spot. The crust was crunchy and flavored just right, and somehow the crust can make or break the pizza. I got the bruschetta pizza, and I can't wait to try their more standard pizzasǾ
Made fresh to order!  Good pizza.  My co-worker loved the baked ziti!   The ravioli soup was made fresh to order.  I will definitely come back.Ǿ
The service is exceptional and the pizza is VERY GOOD compared to others in the area. The mozzarella sticks are slightly above average as well. I've always enjoyed this place. A definite must try if you're in the Concord/Kannapolis area.