Great hole in the wall! Delicious food and very friendly. Highly recommended!! I had the Huevos Rancheros from the brunch menu and it was amazing. Big serving and the prices are not bad at all.

Service in Spanish, English and French. Hablan español!笑
What a find (thank you Yelp)!  West Island eating just got  better with the addition of this simple, fresh and authentic Mexican restaurant. Ok so the decor and location aren't much but the food is wonderful - a perfect balance of freshness and heat. As you're seated you're served with freshly made warm tortilla chips and small bowls of red and green house salsas.  The red was very good, the green was great - a little bit tangy, medium spicy and a nice "green" flavour. I wish they sold it in jars! 
I followed up with the cactus salad (very generous portion for $5.00). The cactus was nicely marinated, served with a nicely balanced mix of fresh red and yellow bell peppers and red onion and dressed with a simple vinaigrette and a nice sprinkling of fresh oregano.  The tortilla soup was simply amazing and probably one of the top 5 soups I have ever tasted (and I eat soup almost every single day). Cooked chicken, tortilla strips and fresh avocado floated in a bowl of rich chicken stock bolstered by ancho chili, ground tomato, a little lime and fresh cilantro. I like spicy but I don't like to break out into a sweat and I don't lien the heat to drown out everything else. This soup was loaded with layers of flavour that blended beautifully and still left just the right amount of burn on the back of my throat. I have sampled a lot of tortilla soups in a lot of places and this was a standout!  I asked what was in the soup that made it so tasty and without missing a beat the owner replied - "love". I believe her. 
My wife ordered the guacamole which was served with the same house-made tortillas and was slightly  chunky with the perfect amount of cilantro, lime juice and slivered red onion. Instead of regular tomatoes they used grape tomatoes cut in half which was brilliant considering at this time of year they have so much more flavour than their larger counterparts. 
This place is unassuming but definitely worth a visit if you like Mexican even just a little bit.笑
100% Ratatouille experience! 

Excellent Sunday brunch option (Closed on Saturday's). A four month old Mexican jewel at Dorval. So good that is like having food at your grandma' kitchen. 

It worth the detour, refined taste & presentation. Unmatched authentic flavour. Generous portions. Oh, and ridiculously friendly staff. I really hope this guys stay around for a long while.笑
Wow !!!! 
Homemade and soooooo good! 

Such a hidden little location, but so worth it.

She does offer catering as well. 
This is traditional , straight from Mexico City. 

I ordered the quesadillas which is 3 tortillas with beef. 
The beef is delicious , not too spicy. 

Guac is zesty with lemon, and the salsa is to die for.
So glad we came here笑
Excellente cuisine Mexicaine authentique tout était délicieux le service était super aussi笑
There's not many good Mexican restaurants in pointe Claire let alone the west island but this place is worth a shot. The restaurant is not the fanciest of places but that's ok! The food speaks wonders for it! I had the fajitas and they were absolutely wonderful! Full of flavour. They also give you warm tortillas. They're served on a cast iron skillet and you assemble them yourself. Give this place a chance and help them prosper because they definitely deserve it. I'll be frequenting here again!!!笑
As has been said below, it's a hole in the wall. But with so few options in dorval, it's definitely worth dropping by! Also, finding small, lost but delicious restaurants makes me feel like I'm part of a secret sisterhood. So if you're into that... 

The restaurant itself is fairly small, but it's clean and had strong AC on (which was much appreciated on a warm summer day). Reasonably priced, authentic Mexican food.  The woman behind the counter was kind and whipped up my food in about 10 minutes. The servings were big (although I'm a 21 year old girl so perhaps a bigger dude would have to order an appetizer too?). I had a soup and a chicken fajita and my friend had the chorizo chilaquile. The soup was a huge portion definitely for two minimum. 

I recommend picking up the food and going to the dorval waterfront with it all on a nice day.笑
Such a disappointment for many reasons...I was under the impression that this was a Resto.It is not.It is a 15 seat Cantina inside an Industrial Office Building.Very hard to find, and was not expecting what I saw once entered the establishment.The Owner/Chef was running around trying to satisfy 10-12 orders and drowning by doing so.There is no Liquor licence, but also no BYOB.....you can have water or Mexican Soft Drinks....
After all this,the food was surprisingly really good. Best Guacamole ever, and Fajitas were Really tasty with Black Beans.
The dining experience is not a dining experience, but rather more suited to a call in and pick up......
Final surprise after eating our meal, Cash only please. .?????There is an ATM across the street....oooomph.
And, here is the key to the Washroom down the Hall....
My thoughts are that this venue serves really good and authentic Mexican food with Red and Green Salsa extras, but is located in the wrong place....
Hoping they can afford to move to somewhere more visual.....
My heart goes out to them because it would be a loss not to have this food experience again.....Maybe a Food Truck? Good Luck.....