Went to this place Monday and while the decor was nice the kitchen service was horrible. We waited almost an hour for 2 sandwiches and 1 burger which we never got. We left without an apology or a backward glance from the management.   Nice. 

The poor waitress kept apologizing for the kitchen saying that it's slow because they "just opened". 

Well if they can't handle 5 tables at 2:00pm on a Monday - then don't open. Go back and retrain your staff. It was practically empty and they couldn't get a premade soup and sandwich on the table within a reasonable time. 

And I'm calling out the reviewer who gave it 5 stars and this was they're only review. Uh - restaurant owners shouldn't post reviews slamming real customers for the bad service they experienced笑
Went for breakfast on a Saturday around 10:30. It's an odd place. It's a mixed bag. The decor is contemporary but there are TVs all around the room and yet it's not a bar. Service was prompt. Breakfast is like other breakfast places like Daybreak. My husband had the eggs benedict and he liked it. Price is the same as other places. It's quieter and brighter than other breakfast places so we will be going back. Not sure I'm ready to try the rest of the menu.笑
Decor is very nice.  Wait staff was a little rude.  They were discussing makeup and I asked politely for more coffee, she brought the coffee and said "I just asked you 5 seconds ago". 

It wasn't busy so I'm not sure why I was given attitude about a simple request.笑
Off to a weak start.  The restaurant had been open a week, when I stopped in for dinner.  This is the location of the old Bayview Diner, with a complete facelift.  The menu looks interesting with a variety typical of normal midline restaurant fare, and Greek dishes.  Pricing is in line with other restaurants.

I ordered the Greek Bifteki, which is ground chuck with a ribbon of mild cheese inside, with a Greek salad and roasted potatoes for $13.99.  The beef was totally flavourless, sitting in a puddle of fatty oil. That was strange because it tastes boiled, so all of the oil should have been washed away. The cheese inside was unidentifiable. Normally, I don't salt anything unless I determine after I taste it that it needs it--and this needed it badly.  The Greek salad was the best part (it's hard to screw up a Greek Salad). The potatoes were a bit chewy, not undercooked, but likely overcooked.

My dinner guest had the Beef Dip, and commented that the beef was also flavourless and dry.  The jus, however, was not, rather it tasted like a powder based mix with too much powder--hence, very salty and harsh.  Imagine pure soy sauce, and that's the level of salt. 

The service was very slow, and it appeared that someone forgot to put in our order.  Later arrivals were receiving their food first.  Trying to get the cheque was also a problem as the staff chatted at the kitchen.

I would likely go again just to offer a second chance.  They do have some interesting items on the menu, like Eggs Benny (I didn't wait to find out if it is fresh or powdered Hollandaise).  Also, a Coconut French Toast, and Strawberry Shortcake Pancakes sound very drool worthy.  But get the business in order first, or risk becoming the next failed occupant of the space.  Next time I will either add a star or subtract a star. To be determined.

My suggestion:  go if you want, but be strict about the quality of food and service you receive. If management is not made aware of a pattern of failures, they will not make an effort to improve. However, if they are made aware and do not remedy the failures, just look through some Yelp reviews for a better option.笑
Just OK. Not great. Will try again when they are more experienced. 

Had the burger and the patty was really good! It is char grilled so it had the little char bits that are so satisfying to chew. Seasoning was spot on as well. That was all ruined by the addition of Kraft singles instead of real cheese. If I had known I would have left it off. Also present was one tiny tomato slice that didn't cover 1/3 the surface area of my burger and onion and pickles.

The bun needs changing. It pretty much disintegrates when you pick it up a few times. 

What shocked me the most was the Greek salad.  On a menu with a lot of Greek items you assume the owners are Greek. You also expect a great Greek salad. Well you would be wrong.  My salad was obviously dressed on my plate. That meant that all of the ingredients were there before the dressing. Since it's oil based it went right through leaving the top of the salad dry and the bottom swimming in oil. Tossing and dressing the salad before plating would go a long way here. 

They've spent a lot of money on the renovation and the place looks great. Service was attentive, no complaints there. Chairs are surprisingly uncomfortable if you're larger than average sized. The padding is undersized leaving the corners exposed... strange choice. 

As mentioned we will probably try this place again in a few months. Until then there are much better places to eat in the area for casual fare.