I had a Tuna Melt at Reggie's today for lunch, and I cried sweet and salty tears with every bite. It was the most perfect sandwich ever.Ǿ
WTH?! I walked in last night w/ my wife and saw they'd done a little reno and re-did the menu. Prices went up, portions went down, taste and quality went out the window, and now this place is not the place I went to when it first opened. The bacon on her chicken club wasn't warmed up so it was definitely not freshly cooked. My Philly cheesesteak was pretty light on cheese, steak and taste. It also reminded me why I shouldn't order cheesesteaks outside of Philly. Save your money unless you want a quick bite and are too drunk to taste anything. The new portions definitely make it a quick bite.Ǿ
I went to Reggie's for lunch on July 9, 2009.

I walked into a small little sandwich shop that had very friendly staff and a menu that made my mouth water. I decided on the pulled pork sandwich and grabbed a bottle of orange juice. My order came up to $9.84.

My sandwich came rather quickly, and I was delighted. It was a hearty meal and it was delicious, and I wish I had another.

Reggie's is a great place to eat anytime you want to have a delicious sandwich, and the staff are very friendly and courteous. My only beef with the place is that it is rather pricey for the amount of food served, being a fan of bigger portions myself. But I would definitely come back again because the food was delicious, the ingredients were fresh, and the staff were fantastic to deal with. Great show!Ǿ
My first trip to Reggie's was somewhat unforgettable. It involved police, lots of cheese, and a hostage situation. 

It's been told here already, but allow me to relay my own version of the story. I'd obviously read heaps about Reggie's on Yelp and being a 24/7 place I was more than eager to try it -- I'm "that girl", the one that's always looking for a decent place to eat at 4am. Something that's not pizza and not served out of a filthy cart at a busy intersection. So after a night of partying at an MMVA afterparty, we were more than ready for some greasy food in the form of sandwiches.

When we arrived at King and Bathurst the entire intersection was cordoned off with police tape - surely a typical Friday or Saturday night scene as the clubbing contingency was out in full force and apparently club crime is the 'in thing' these days. But I wanted my Reggie's dammit! And it was only five doors down from where the police tape began. 

After unsuccessfully negotiating with the cops ("but we're hungry!") we called in our order and the folks at Reggie's were more than happy to rhyme off their menu offerings and come out to deliver the food to us in exchange for cash payment. Talk about flexibility!

We stood on the corner waiting for our order for a few minutes and then got away from the police swarm and took a walk to a back alley for some...peace and quiet. Anyhoodle...it suddenly occurred to one of us that perhaps Reggie's backed onto the very spot that we were loitering, so we called again and the cook came out to let us inside. It was an extremely narrow and crowded path from the kitchen to the front of the restaurant, so we had to be guided one by one. 

Inside there was a gaggle of customers staring out the window, watching the crime scene across the street unfold. They weren't allowed to leave the restaurant because all of King Street was off limits, and any time someone tried to open the door to get some fresh air or stretch their legs, the police would march over and get scoldy. We saw countless people being ushered out of the club with their hands on their head, some willingly, some dragged, some in handcuffs. It was quite the spectacle. 

So the food...a bunch of my friends ordered chicken and pork sandwiches but I ordered the grilled cheese. It was mega cheesy, gooey and greasy. Definitely late night food. The fries were good but possibly too dry/crispy. They required ketchup. 

I will definitely be returning to try the carrot cake and the fried mac and cheese, and hopefully my next visit will be memorable for the food portion only!Ǿ
i'd give this a solid 3*. No more, no less

- Fried Mac & Cheese: sounds better than it taste. it was slightly burnt and way too black. i've had better...at the Cheesecake Factory. 

- Fries: soggy but tasty. i prefer my fries crispy

- Duck & Brie Sandwich: Good but the bread was the cheapy type. Eh. would have prefer better bread? brioche? something else but whole wheat wonder breadǾ
It was a weird day when I walked in to Reggie's for lunch. I didn't realize it, but I had spent the morning in a foggy, even depressive state. Nothing about the world seemed good; from my new job to anything else that I normally seek for distraction or pleasure. But there I was, trying out Reggie's. I couldn't really make a lot of sense from the menu, and ordered the first item that looked familiar, lest I hold up the line. So I got a roast beef sandwich and a Diet Coke for $10-ish bucks, which felt a little steep for a sandwich with no sides. At any rate, the sandwich, although not exactly mold-breaking, became progressively more delicious with each bite. Good, even great, sandwich, I thought to myself as I regretfully finished the last of it. The beef was thick and medium-rare, and the horseradish was a great accent in the sandwich.

It was only 30 minutes later or so, that I felt the morning's fog, and with it most of my depressive state, lift. Only as it left me, did I realize how miserable I was feeling, and well, I wondered if the sandwich helped me out. Delicious sandwich followed by a mood lift? I could do worse!Ǿ
I want this place to stay good. I really, really do!

But when I wanted chili - the owner said it was wrong. Something was off. I, being a chili expert, tasted it and said - it is missing salt and pepper. The owner's response, "I don't know anything about that." Okay people - you run a place, know what good food and bad food is! 

I had a grilled cheese. I wish I went to the Leslieville cheese market.

Also, for you regular fries eaters - rule one: if you cannot see the bottom of the deep fryer - THEY NEVER CLEAN IT!

Please go back to what you were doing - with good quality fare and a clean place.Ǿ
Reggie's will forever be etched in my mind as the most unique first experience I've ever had. 

At Kat F's insistence we headed to Reggie's a few weeks ago after being at Circa (my first and fingers crossed, only experience there). When we get to the area it becomes immediately visible that there is some shit going down. A block radius (encompassing Reggie's) has been cordoned off and cops are everywhere. Snipers on rooftops, the whole deal. 

but dammit, we want sandwiches. 

so we call in an order and explain that we are standing on the corner and the police won't let us through. They were going to walk the order out to us on the street. So far so good. 

We go around the back alley and realize that we could probably get in through a back door. Another phone call later and a door opened and we were inside with a front row seat for the goings on (some incident at the Century Room across the street, with cops pulling people out of the club in handcuffs) 

The sandwiches made the perfect fare for watching this semi-surreal spectacular go down. A tad pricey but I went with the tuna melt ($2 cheaper than any other sandwich) and was not disappointed. 

Oh, and we went back the following night. Just to see what entering through the front door was like.Ǿ
The food is not gourmet, the service is sluggish, the security guard WILL be making out with his girlfriend and not breaking up after-bar fights, but Reggie's gets 3 stars because it is the only half-decent place open at 3am in the King West area when the trek to china town is just-too-far. Poutine and grilled cheese are popular ways to fill the drunk void but not food for the light of day.Ǿ
This is not a bad place of its kind, but it is an expensive place of its kind.  It's rather typical low-end deli food, served on particle board tables, in an industrial style interior that's been painted funky (as if that would hide the fact that it's essentially bare concrete).  So if you want a meatball sandwich that's about the same quality and flavor as Subway, but costs twice as much, then Reggie's is for you.  The hours are nice, and the people were friendly, but when people from foreign countries ask me for an example of what I mean by "scuzzy", I take them to Reggie's Old Fashioned Sandwiches.Ǿ
I found a broken wooden skewer AND a staple in my grilled cheese sandwich. Do NOT eat here it's absolutely disgusting!Ǿ
I can't believe it's taken me this long to write a follow up but here goes. I've been eating here regularly for a solid six months or so now and I love it. The staff are great, the food is great and they know me by name now. What's not to love about walking into a place and having them ring up your order before you've even asked?Ǿ
Update: Had the Monte Cristo and a bite of the pulled pork. Reeeeeally good. Both man-sized for hunger homicide. Monte Cristo features real pieces of turkey. Pulled pork features a softball sized portion of delicious pulled pork and au jus.Ǿ
This is the second time I've gotten reggies... The first time I got the turkey sandwich..which I was super excited about. The bread was soft, the turkey was tender and juicy and it totally hit the spot.... Unfortunately the one part I was most looking forward to was the cranberry mayo.... Which was COMPLETELY forgotten! I totally would have said something but I got take out so by the time I found out, it was already too late.

The other day, I was working late again and actually wanted to try Tavolino only to find out that it is closed on Monday (BOO)! So I thought I would give Reggie's another try. I decided to go with the Philly cheesesteak, while reminiscing about my experience with the food truck in Vancouver-Ali baba. I was expecting a super cheesy, beef loaded soft breaded sandwich... Instead, I got a greasy banquette, that was mediocre soft, this slices of roast beef and not too much cheese. Although the side salad that came with it was super fresh, i had come for them sandwich.

I had a lot of faith in this place.. Not sure if I would take my chances one third try when there are so many other options left right and centre.Ǿ
Okay. I've been here 4 or 5 times because my wife and her friend keep raving about this place. I've had the pull pork, tune melt, and the philly cheese steak sandwiches. All of them were really bad and poorly made. The pull pork was dry and tasted like leftovers. The tuna melt smelt wrong and with too much mayo. The philly cheese steak was thick, tough, and tasted like they boiled the meat. Actually, they all tasted like leftovers! I've actually did not feel good after eating here and I vowed never to eat here again. But my wife insists and keeps telling me that the food is good. I was in complete shock and wondered if she had any tastes buds at all, but then I figured it out - she loves their avocado and egg salad sandwiches. I had a taste and I have to admit it was tasty. For that, they get 1 extra star. Their fries are decent and their fried mac and cheese are really nothing to sing about. My advice would be to stick with the salads and deli sandwiches. I personally never go there to eat anymore. I actually bring in a burger from next door to hang out with my wife and friends eating here.Ǿ
I guess I have to pick something better. There are sooo many choices to pick from. Their chalkboard is full! Wobbly lines, separating the Breakfast, from the regular order, the fries from the sandwiches. Some what confusing. I ended up trying the Philly Cheese Steak, Fried Mac-N-Cheese, and Reggie's Fries! C'mon, I just had to get it! I went with two other friends, so we all shared and tried one anothers sandwiches. 

My Philly Cheese Steak, I think I let it stand too long, kinda mixed heats, cold french baguette, but the steak and fillings were warm. Slightly pricey, if you start adding sides.

Something on the plus side, it's 24 hours! and it has my name on the window! haha

I HIGHLY RECOMMEND...
- Fried Mac-N-Cheese
- Smoked Chicken WrapǾ
Take two. My second attempt (this time at night) left me just as bored as the first time. The underwhelming culprit? Their pulled pork. The notion of Southern Comfort BBQ sauce piqued my curiosity, but the sandwich itself was meh. Really sweet, and the meat wasn't tender, not very smoky, and really just meh. Did I already say that? Let me say it again: meh.Ǿ
First time I went, the pulled pork sandwich was divine.  The deep fried mac and cheese accompanied with homemade ketchup had me swooning.  I couldn't stop raving about the place!

Then I went back twice after that and felt the quality was on decline.  The Montecristo sandwich was lacking and very underwhelming.  

I'd still go back, but with lowered expectations.  Still love the atmosphere though.Ǿ
In search of food late night brought us to Reggie's. A monte crisco & tuna melt later we were satisfied yet the tuna melt was more like a 3 star.Ǿ
As I work around the corner I was lucky enough to attend Reggies when it first opened. After several months of success I have to say my love has waned.  I've found the quality has dropped significantly: recently my grilled cheese was barely cooked and was soaking in butter. I'd even asked for it to be well-done. Gross. 
I still love their fries though.Ǿ
This place reminds me of my ex-wife... Takes too much money for nothing, and the "hummus" was unsatisfying.Ǿ
I returned at Reggie's last night, and was sober this time with clarity of mind and tastebuds.  So memory did serve me right.  The poutine here is pretty good, both buzzed and sober!

A friend & I split the Regular Poutine w/ Chicken Gravy ($5) and the Pulled Pork Poutine w/ Goat Cheese & BBQ Sauce ($6.50).  The regular is the better of the two in my book.  I would definitely stick with that.  My friends liked the pulled pork one better.  I admit the pulled pork was good and not characteristically dry like how most pulled pork is.  However, the pulled pork poutine pales in comparison to the original regular poutine.  Goat cheese & BBQ sauce can't replace the fatty A magic of cheese curds & gravy.  Reggie's uses chicken gravy, which is very good.  This might possibly be my favorite poutine place.

I hear their Monte Cristo is good.  If I'm willing to wean myself off of poutine, maybe I'll try it one day.Ǿ
A nice change of pace when you're tired of greasy spoons and falafel places, Reggie's has a wide variety of thick sandwiches, even for vegetarians! But the best, most addictive and least healthy is the battered and deep fried macaroni and cheese, served as a handful of individual bricks like finger food.

Open 24 hours, with friendly service and plenty of space. As long as you can put up with the King Street crowd, you'll be fine!Ǿ
My opinion might be completely biased, because I really only ever have eaten here drunk out of my mind after 2am. However with that being said, if I'm ever in the area after the bar, this is my go to spot. It can get pretty busy post bar, but the wait usually goes by pretty quick.

I usually get the poutine which is unreal, and arguably better than Smokes in my opinion. Talking about it is making me hungry!!Ǿ
It really really really hurts me to post this review, no, really, you have no idea!

I've been waiting and waiting for the opportunity to go to Reggie's for so long. I appreciate a well-made sandwich, love them grilled and the deep fried mac n' cheese sounded TOO GOOD TO BE TRUE. Unfortunately, it wasn't (it was great!), but the rest of the experience was.

Seating is good for quick bites, not really a place to cozy up. I WISH they had beer though. A quick bottle with a sandwich would really go a long way.

The staff was fine, brusque but they were working hard so it was no problem. Sandwich after sandwich was going out, although they did sell us fountain pop knowing the fountain pop machine was broken. It was rectified but it was a bit odd. 

I ordered the monte cristo. It was a bit bland so I spiced it up with the dipping sauce from the deep fried mac and cheese (still so good!!), but still quite filling and tasty

So it sounds as if I liked this place? Why is it a 2 star review?

Well...here comes the fun. My poor boyfriend, man with the iron stomach, ordered the chicken parmasan sandwich and finished the entire thing without giving me a bite. 

Thank god.

About 4 hours later he had one of the most vile bouts of food poisoning I've seen since I used to frequent Coras Pizza. It was TERRIBLE. I was totally fine (albeit, greasy filled but still) but I hadn't TOUCHED the chicken parm, and we had eaten everything together the entire day otherwise. Within about 24 hours he was fine, so there was no other culprit but the sandwich, unfortunately. So be waryǾ
I wasn't to impressed with this place or the hair that came with my fries....I don't remember ordering that. 

The sandwich was so-so and soaked in bbq sauce, the only good thing was the fries portion. Too many for me to finish. I likely won't go back here.Ǿ
When I heard the concept of a 24 hr sandwich place, I should have trusted my instincts. This felt like quality control would be loosened in favour of keeping the line moving. How on earth can you keep the momentum going around the clock? Emptying the deep fryer, cleaning the panini press, these are all realities you must deal with when promoting a brand of "fresh" and "quality" sandwiches.  i was worried it would be like running on empty ala  the new improved Sammy Maudlin show skit from SCTV

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7WHd5qG_iZ4

My suspicions were confirmed. The grilled vegetables were served on a greasy oily bread and the lack of flavourful marinade on the veggies felt like I was being chastised for trying to order something remotely healthy. 

But that was nothing compared to the 3 cheese salad.  Perhaps the most cynical concoction. This literally felt like a pile of sliced apples and mountains  of grated cheese. I now understand what being  hatefucked with salad feels like. 

I'll probably give it another shot and hopefully bump it up a star or two but dudes, get it together, man!Ǿ
Nice veggie sandwich. The egg salad sandwich is unconventional and not a hit with me. 
The FRIES!! the FRIES! THE FRIES!!! -- amazing especially if the aioli sauce is not to spicey :DǾ
I had high hopes for this place. Pulled pork sandwiches + deep fried mac n' cheese? This place could've easily been my definition of heaven.

Unfortunately, things were overcooked and/or tough to chew. This is well below my definition of heaven. Well below.

[Turning to Reggie's] You are the weakest link! Goodbye!Ǿ
I *love* pulled pork.  I love it.  I JUDGE harshly if you have a pulled pork offering - but you always start with something better than 'maybe' (on a scale of yes to no.  You know?)

I had been wanting to go to Reggies since it opened.  My friend Sarah T lives in that neck of the woods, and the last time we had dinner plans, I convinced her to go to Lou Dawgs instead of Reggies where the pulled pork was just 'meh.'  I was really excited to get to try Reggie's yesterday because I had heard so frequently that the pulled pork here was so much better than the pulled pork at Lou Dawgs.

The good: Sarah T liked her grilled cheese.  The fries were okay.  I liked the ambiance.  24h is never a negative in my books.  There were no children or strollers here.

The bad: My pulled pork had the wrong sauce.  I think she accidentally put spaghetti sauce on it - that was meant for the veal parm - but it was terrible.  The pulled pork itself was pretty good but the marina sauce RUINED it.  It was HORRIBLE.  I was (and still am) very very angry.  We had taken our food to go so I couldn't even bring it back up to the counter without walking all the way back (which I didn't).  They don't have beer and Lou Dawgs does.

The weird-but-fine: They wouldn't substitute sweet potato fries into my combo, even after I offered to pay more.  The other fries were fine, but not special.  They were patently unspecial.

Would I go back here again?
Yes.  But only to cuss them out about putting spaghetti sauce on my damn pork sandwich.  It is very unlikely that I will eat here again given the no beer, no fry substitutions and wrong sandwich sauce experience.  I again say that Sarah liked her sandwich and the meat itself on mine was fine, but this joint needs a 1 star rating to counteract the awesomeness you all seem to feel towards it.  1Star.  Eat it, Reggie.Ǿ
Just got the egg, avo & salad sandwich and it was amazing! The bread was super fresh & the mayo was obviously homemade, nice slices of egg rather than some minced gross paste. And at $5.75 its definitely reasonable. I think for $2.95 you can add a soup & a soda too.Ǿ
Any place that has fried mac and cheese is #1 in my book.. The sandos are delicious! BUT the best part, they're open 24 hours! So when you're getting the munchies at 3am en route from drinking too much, this is your spot! Well, it's mine at least. 

Chicken Club, 2 thumbs up
Smoked Chicken sando, 2 thumbs up
Fried Mac and Cheese, hands and feet up in the air!!Ǿ
Reggie's is a new 24 hour dining establishment to serve all the new twentysomethings moving into KiWe.  It's directly next to Craftburger, another new and very popular place. Decor is lofty, brick walls, with seating for about 15 people in the front, but more seats behind a closed door near the kitchen.  Menu is on a chalk board a bit hard to read while waiting in line. When you get to the front of the line, you can see all the selection of usual sandwiches- Tuna Melt, Philly cheese steak, turkey etc... I got the Wild smoked salmon on lightly toasted focaccia bread. I asked for the toasting, but they were more than happy to comply.  The dill cream cheese gets a little melty and warm next to the toasted bread, which I really liked. The bread is buttery and covered in rosemary and herbs.  I loved this sandwich. The onions are red and pickled, so they don't have too much of a bite, which is great to not overpower the delicious, thick slices of red salmon.  The Cheese steak, although not the same as the ones in Philadelphia, is full of thinly sliced meat, pepper/onion/garlic mixture and enough cheese. (I only observed this, did not try it). Said cheese steak-eater suggested he would prefer to come back here than craftburger next time!  Overall a big hit. I wonder how big the lines are at 2:30am.  A WAY better option than pizza for late-night snacks. Though, at $8 per sandwich, a slightly more costly version of snack food.Ǿ
I recently had a craving for a Philly Cheese Steak sandwich - one of the dangers of giving up beef 95% of the time, is that there is 5% of the time it's all you can think about.... mmmmmm.....

So my boyfriend and I made our way to Reggie's.  My PCS really hit the spot!  Hot, cheesy, good flavour with the peppers and onions, and just the right amount of jus that you have to be careful while you eat it, but it isn't a fall-apart mess! 

The boyf had the roast beef which was GIANT; and while a good enough sandwich, it is his full on recommendation that when one goes to Reggie's, one gets a hot sandwich.  I agree whole-heartedly.

The real star of Reggie's is the deep-fried macaroni and cheese!  Sounds sinful?  Tastes even more so... To be honest, while writing this review, I had to rack my brain to even come up with a description for the sandwiches; yes, partially because while tasty, they were unremarkable, but mainly because the sandwiches were completely eclipsed by the DF Mac-n-Cheese.  GET THIS.Ǿ
Solid sandwiches any time of day.  Super friendly but can get very busy at lunchtime.  Order ahead.Ǿ
Is $8 a bit steep for a sandwich? Yes, I'll concede that. But if you're going for lunch, they've a special combo of a daily sandwich, fries, and a drink for $10 flat, which makes the price easier to digest. Although I'm not a fan of the chicken parm-- the other sandwiches I've had here have been great. The service's pretty friendly too!Ǿ
I've had the pleasure / displeasure of eating at Reggie's at least a dozen times since their grease-stained doors smoothly slid open a year ago.  I say pleasure because I have a theory: the later you eat Reggies, the better it tastes.  I say displeasure because I've eaten there for lunch too.

My first experience at Reggie's stemmed from a neighbour's tip: "they serve one mean turkey sandwich."  I strolled over to the shop that night and excitedly placed my order.  It was pretty damn mean - crisp veggies, moist turkey, and nicely toasted white bread - but not nearly as mean as the aggravated cashier who took my order.  Perhaps it was the Kid Rock song blasting on the speakers.

Fast forward to 3am on a nondescript Saturday night: that turkey sandwich satisfaction was tingling in the back of my alcohol addled mind.  This introduced me to Reggie's best: the Monte Cristo.  It's like a turkey sandwich for people training to get on The Biggest Loser - all the flavour of the big bird with Swiss and served between two slices of French Toast.  Satisfaction delivered.

Fast forward to 2pm on a nondescript weekday afternoon, six months later: the Monte Cristo was a shadow of its former self.  Even sobriety couldn't save it from the soggy, cheesy mess that I was served.  The new cashier was equally as aggravated as the previous, and Reggie's taste in music remained terrible.  And adding insult to injury: they forgot my deep fried Mac'n'cheese - unforgivable.

There's an obvious moral to this story that I've summed up in my 3-star rating.  The service is always terrible, the food is hit and miss, so go when you can't tell the difference.Ǿ
This is not a re-do. 

Headed in here on a Saturday afternoon when Craft Burger next door was horrendously overpacked, and I had no interest in eating my burger on the curb outside. The sandwhich list was extensive with some neat options, so I opted for the Roasted Turkey with cranberry and herb mayo (mmmm thanksgiving on french bread!) and my boyfriend got the chicken parm. Then I spotted fried mac and cheese and just had to give it a go.

Ok so that's 2 sandwhiches, 1 side and 2 pops. $26 bucks! Really?! This better be the best damn sandwhich to grace a plate this side of awesome.

So our orders come up about 10 minutes later, and my sandwhich was chalk full of big ol pieces of turkey, a thick layering of cranberry and a dab of mayo on a french bread. 2 stars for the presentation only, because the taste was definitely lacking. Half of the turkey was dry, and the cranberry/mayo combination was 100% cranberry. If the herb mayo had taste, it didn't introduce itself. The only saving grace was the bread, which was really fresh and light - to the point through where I resorted to just ripping of the crusts and dipping it in the known orange sauce that came with the mac and cheese.

My boyfriends sandwich was even worse. For some reason, they deep fried the chicken (nowhere did it say "fried" on the menu) and threw it onto a cheap hamburger bun (once again, not communicated). Worst of all, this was another "hello, taste?" sandwhich - despite the sauce and cheese, the only dominate flavour was grease and wonderbread burger bun.

The only good part of this meal was the deep fried mac and cheese that came in stick form. I tried this at the CNE this past year and was very disappointed, as the frying process took away from the cheesiness of the noodles on the inside, but this version was just perfect. Dipped in ketchup - yum! A word of warning though - my stomach was in knots the rest of the day. 

Overall, super meh experience. Take a pass on this one.Ǿ
everytime i go into craft burger, i think to myself, "one day... i'll go in". 

last week, i did.

meh.

i had asked the girl at the cash to recommend something to me that would make me want to come back as a first timer, and she suggested the philly cheese steak. i was with a coworker and she had recommended the deep fried mac n cheese (think mac in cheese, breaded, and friend into the shape of a large fish stick)

verdict - the sandwich was really nothing to write home about. the baguette was chewy, the beef was really dry, and i wasn't really that impressed. the one mac n cheese would have been the shining star about the visit, had it not been overfried (read: really really brown)

i dont think i'll go back for a sandwich again sorry reggie... maybe for the poutine at 2am?Ǿ
The challenge with basing a restaurant concept on a "food group" that 95% of the population can master is risky. But if you can do it that much better than your average Joe, you got yourself a winner.

This is the success behind Reggies - your basic homestyle sandwich but with the just the right amount of everything to make it outstanding. I went with the Monte Cristo, and what caught my eye about this was that beyond the turkey/ham combo, the bread is apparently dipped in egg and cooked like french toast first. It was humungous, especially with a side of fries that I barely finished. 

They tend to have special combos written on the sandwich board outside which they don't really promote indoors, so I had to ask about it to get the deal - pulled pork sandwich combo for 10 bucks flat. It's hard to justify paying 9 dollars for a sandwich on a regular basis, but for a filling treat once in a while, it's all good.

Service is very friendly, though the pretty lass working the cash seemed a little unfamiliar with the menu. Perhaps a newbie? Atmosphere is rustic and laid back - just like their sandwiches.

And yes, sandwiches are their own food group.