I really like ketzel, for what it is. It's not super authentic but they have good food. They serve a variety of different salsas, which is unique, and their burro ketzel (with steak) is fantastic. I get it everytime. I refuse to go to all the lame chains in my area and think ketzel is a cute Mexican restaurant that offers something different, which is nice. My only complaint would be that I think they are a little overpriced and when they do send out coupons, they are pretty lame. Other then that, I like ketzel and would recommend it.Ǿ
Not a bad place for being an americanized mexican food joint.  I must admit... the margaritas are THA BOMB.  Be careful with that tequila tho... it'll getcha.

I had the fish tacos, which I actually enjoyed.  The prices weren't too bad, but you drink a ton of alcohol, you will end up with a huge bill, not unlike any other place.Ǿ
Reeehhhhehhhh... I'm glad I went to satiate my curiosity, but probably wouldn't go out of my way to go back. 

From the outside you'd really think this place was fast food, Chipotle-style. I guess that's what I was looking forward to and expecting. It's a fairly nice sit-down place with good service, a full and fancy bar, and an open and airy pretty space. 

I guess for the money I was just expecting a bit more. When you pay around $11 for a burrito, you want it to knock your socks off. For around $11 you should quite literally be eating that burrito sockless. 
The mahi mahi tacos were better, but needed to be snazzed up by hand as well.  I guess really this is more of a DIY non-authentic Mexican food type of place.  I WANT SOME HEAT!

I think next time I'd hop on the 17 north for a few miles and slide on over to DEL TACO OHHH YEAHHHH.Ǿ
We live across the street from this location. If I was scoring their "food" only- they would get a 4-5 star. However.... Let me start by saying the only reason we are NOT weekly regulars is the fact that they have HORRIBLE service. We know that a dinner at Ketzal is gonna be a long drawn out process- filled with "can we get the "..?." that we have asked 3x's for?  But really. tonight took the cake!

Setting the scene.
There were 2 people at the bar.. 1 bar tender. (only 2- one of which I would have cut off long before he got up to stuble out to his car)
6 seated tables.. 1 waitress. 
The "1" waitress in the joint had to jump behind the bar to make margaritas! Really?! I know the bartender had her hands full with her 2 guests, oh and her CELLPHONE! No joke- bartender girl was on her cellphone serving drinks, processing tabs, and telling people all about the friend she is trying to track down at tent city!! 

I wanted to grab her phone and throw it in the margarita machine.
Our waitress was SO frazzled trying to keep up with in coming traffic, and bartender was of NO help. No team work at all. A resturant can not function on the back of one employee. 

Tuesdays are great with their kids eat free deal. (dine-in only) Which is the ONLY reason why we bother. (ok you got me.. their burgers and fries are the BOMB!) We decided tonight no more!! Our time, and sanity is worth more than $5. If we really have a craving for Ketzals we are ordering TO-GO! 

We have been going here for over a year and a half and the service always stinks. GUARANTEED!!  Time to clean up, and set some higher standards of service.Ǿ
This has become my standby for Mexican food in Phoenix. It's not authentic, but it is delicious.

First, they start with fresh (still hot!) tortilla chips and six fresh-made salsas. They keep them all filled for you. Even if you're just getting drinks, you get the best chips and some of the best salsas ever.

The servers are unfailingly excellent. They're efficient, friendly, and sincerely interested in making sure you enjoy your meal. Head and shoulders above most service in the Valley. Also: They're ridiculously hot. It's the little details :-)

The food is standard American-style Mexican fare. Not a lot of options, but they do it well. All the meat is grilled. Just grilled. Not smothered in salt and seasonings. It's just delicious. The idea (I think) is that you can build your own flavor with the salsas they give you. 

All the veggies are fresh. The cheese is real. Most everything seems to be assembled right before serving, so there's none of that mushy textureless stuff you get at most Mexican places. 

The restaurant is immaculate every time I go in. No sticky tables, no crumbs in the seats. 

This isn't white tablecloth dining, but for what it is, it's the best.Ǿ
I dont understand how a second restaurant was opened on Tatum . My husband and gave these place too many chances and wach time the food was not impressive. The margaritas come from a stolen recipe from La Pinata Nueva , but too bad they didnt bring the recipes with them. I hope they get it " that maybe if you put alittle quality in the food people will come back".Ǿ
There 2 good items at Ketzal.  1.  The bar!  Good selection of Tequilas.  2.  The chips and salsa sampler.  (Which is not complimentary anymore).    You have to seat yourself.   The waiter and waitress both missed on the bringing us water after we requested it.    My wife went to the bar to get water.    A third waiter brought us the water.   The drink order was wrong, but if you like free drinks......   The rice and beans are bad.  They were not even hot. Do not come here for the food.   I hope Ketzal gets a new chef before they open at 101 and Tatum.Ǿ
I ordered a chicken salad and the chicken came on top of old packaged salad.  I showed the waitress the wilted lettuce and brown spots all over and asked her if she had any fresh lettuce.

After about 6 or 7 minutes she came back with a plate full of the same packaged salad with DIRTY lettuce.  I showed her the disgistingly dirty lettuce and asked her if she would eat it.  She said no.  

That's two times they brought out crap.  You would think that after the first time they would make sure they got it right the second time.  

Nope.

What a disgusting mess.Ǿ
This place just sucks.  We've given them three opportunities and something has gone wrong every single time.  I appreciate the salsas and the interesting drink selection, but it doesn't make up for bland food and weird service.  The last server we had was so rude and off-putting that we got up and left.  I've NEVER done that before.  Oh well - at least El Encanto Dos is close by.Ǿ
Food - 1 star - Are you kidding me? How does a place like this stay in business? Maybe everyone goes there once, as we did, but never returns. We ordered carne asada, quesadilla, tacos, and margaritas. The drinks were actually really good. The food was significantly better at Taco Bell across the street and our bill was 10 times the price.

I guarantee Ketzal will be OUT OF BUSINESS in 1-2 years. 

2011 Update: Yup, I was correct. It took 1.5 years.Ǿ
I pass by Ketzal's all the time on my way to Home Depot. It looks great from the road. 
My hubby had been to the bar but never ate there so one day coming home from Home Depot we stopped for lunch. 
We were told they had had a black out for a couple of hours but they were up and running except the computers. 
We we served chips in a cone shaped vessel with several dips. That gave me warm and fuzzies for a great meal to come. 
My hubby ordered the Burro Ketzal with shrimp and I ordered the Taco de Camerons. 
When I looked at my tacos, I was not sure what I was looking at but I could tell by the scent it was shrimp. The grilled shrimp were the 91/110 count and looked like larvae smothered in sauce. There was no cabbage as per the description only a sad ice berg lettuce next to the saturated tortillas. I was hungry, so what the heck, looks could be deceiving. I took a few bites and it was so salty stopped there. 
My husband bit into his Burro Ketzal and they same shrimp were in his as well. He said it was salty but the rice neutralized it a bit. He was not able to finish his either. 
I don't believe the power outage had anything to do with the quality of the meal so, we won't be going there again.Ǿ
I seriously don't understand the low reviews for this restaurant.  My wife and I had them cater our pre-wedding dinner and the whole group (30 people) loved every bite.  We went back again recently and ate until our stomachs hurt.  As for the prices, that gut filling experience cost us about $25 which included a huge portion of guacamole and two sodas.  My wife got the beef tacos, I got the machaca burrito.  Yeah, it costs more than Chipotle, but it's also a different experience.  As for the comment about the place going out of business...not a chance.  We were lucky to be a party of two because we got the last open table.  I looked around again before we left and there were still no open tables and probably 2-3 parties waiting at the door.  Oh, and a sign in the window said they're opening another location in Desert Ridge in January.  That one will be closer for us, so I'm sure we'll go more often in 2010.

The food is going to be slightly different from that which you'd expect to find at Macayos or Garcias or something like that.  The owners are from Mexico, first generation business owners in the US.  They brought the recipes (and according to their menu, even the flour) straight from central Mexico.  That other stuff we eat at chain Mexican food restaurants is what we've been TOLD is authentic.  So, yeah, you're going to get a different flavor and presentation at Ketzal.

No, I do not work for Ketzal or have any special incentive for writing this review.  I just genuinely like the place and wanted to stand up for it.