My husband & I came here for dinner on a busy Memorial weekend in LV expecting to have to wait a while before being seated, but to our surprise we were seated within 15min! My Saveur Lamb Burger was very good & my husband enjoyed his NY strip steak as well; but the main thing that our meal so great was our server Nicolette! She told me she's been working at this place for 10 yrs, but once you meet her, you'd think she was a brand new enthusiastic employee! So kudos to Le Burger Brasserie and especially Nicolette - I think she's their reason for 5 star success!Ǿ
We got in late on a 6 hour flight and walked up and down the strip. We decided to randomly stop here with no previous research or idea if it would be good or bad. We just wanted food. It far surpassed what we expected.

The ambiance isn't great but it's a burger place so you're not going to a fine restaurant. The waitresses were dressed somewhat provocatively but again, burger place. They were very nice and sat us right away. The burger options seemed good and we got le Paris sliders, l'italian, waffle fries and two beers. The sliders were tiny and delicious. The Brie and onions elevated the burger. Best Brie based burger I have had in a long time. The Italian was very good too. The mozzarella was thick and tasty. The pancetta was subtle and not overpowering. And the best part, none of the food was greasy. Just good flavor. Waffle fries were very good too. 

Overall, very good. And at $12/burger, you can't beat it. Great taste and great value.Ǿ
Was really disappointed by this burger option on the strip.  While the burger was cooked well and they used good ingredients, at the high ticket price it was nothing special.  Also, we sat at the bar and it still took well over an hour to get food.Ǿ
Great food and great service! Our waitress Amanda was EXCELLENT-gave us great suggestions.  I had the blue cheese burger and my friend had, at Amanda's suggestion, the Paris burger.  Both were delicious.  The buffalo chicken dip appetizer came with an assortment of pretzels-would definitely recommend.  Overall a great dining experience!Ǿ
Dude, it's gourmet burgers in a sweet spot in Las Vegas. That should sell itself. Good for lunch if you're staying at Paris or Bally's . Casual atmosphereǾ
Our food was ok, once we got it. It took an hour for our burgers to arrive after we got our appetizers. By the time I got my burger it was cold, and completely wrong! They even forgot the bring French fries which was another thing I had to wait for. Aside from when we got there, our waitress never came around and asked us if we wanted drinks or if we needed anything else, she just dropped the check off and went away. I would never go back here!!Ǿ
We were looking for a Banana Split for Dinner!  Ok... like you've never done it!  We stopped at several places on the strip,  but no Banana Splits.  The stop at the Paris Brasserie didn't have what we wanted but had so many options!   We ordered the Fondue and 3 other desserts. The service, the presentation and the view were exceptional!   Great place to meet and get a sugar high!    And if you fine the Ultimate Banana Split....please let me know!Ǿ
I hear this place rocked, on par with Mandalay's Burger Bar - but different! So I had to give it a try, because Burger Bar is awesome!

They have a Burger, Fries and Drink combo - Sweet!

Note: If you show your players card, you get  $1 off , WOW a whole dollar. I love how the entire menu has a special blue column for "Players card" pricing and everything is just $1 less then the original price. They should just put a note at the bottom of the menu instead of repeating every price. 

Burger: I opted for the Lamb Burger. Cooked perfectly, it was delicious. I ony made it through half, it was so big. I wish it tasted like lamb instead of beef. The lamb flavor was so distinct, it was easy to miss.

Sweet Potato Fries: PERFECT!

Milkshake: Banana, Mmm! Best ever! It looks small but this sucker's huge!

I would definitely return but this place would not be the first place I visit. More of a I have extra time and already went to all my fav's, now what? Place.Ǿ
A slimy dude's place. Hate the womens' outfits-- half of them don't fit in the uniform anyway. Burgers were decent. My partner enjoyed his build a burger. The meat was cooked well. But my lamb burger was sopping with butter. Overpriced. Dark. Slow. Not the worst place I've been, but I certainly would never go again.Ǿ
Absolutely fabulous restaurant! One of the best of the best I have ever been. The service was impeccable. We can't wait to come back next time we are in Vegas!Ǿ
Great burger and very fun options.  I had the Shafts Blue Cheese burger and it was very good.  The bun was a bit small, which threw off the burger to bun ratio.  Server was prompt and ready to refill the tasty ice tea.  

Side note, they don't serve the fries with the burger.  I get that they are trying to be fancy with the fries, but if the fries are regular fries then who cares?   Also skimpy on the fry sauce.  The onion rings looked great.Ǿ
Good for lunch!

The girlfriend and I shared the BLT salad and the deviled eggs for lunch.

The salad was great.  The dressing was good.  Just enough for two people with an appetizer added in.

The deviled eggs were ok...some of them were deep fried??? I had never had that, and it did not really add to the taste, but it was interesting.

The service was quick and good - no complaints.Ǿ
We dined at this buffet and our pants unbuckled.  They have something for everyone.  Desserts galore and their coffee was delicious.  Our cups were kept full.  I would definitely go back wearing stretch pants or a dress.Ǿ
We had a $25 comped food voucher. Decided to use it here since it was one of the places on the list. We ordered 2 items Togo. 

So the phone number listed on yelp doesn't go to a direct person. Then we called front desk to transfer us, but the phone just kept ringing. So you basically had to walk downstairs to order your food and then sit there and wait. (This is where you lost your first star)

Prime Rib sliders: I loved them. It was cooked to my perfection. We asked for a side of au ju and horseradish which of course is everything you need with prime rib. 

Hot Dog sliders: this is why you lost your 2nd stars. What kind of hot dog was this? It was soooooooo rubbery. I've never had a rubbery hot dog Ever! How do you even get it like that? The crispy onions on top were bomb. The only thing in that dish that was edible was the bread and crispy onions. 

Will I give this place another chance... probably! Maybe we just ordered on an off day, but please figure out a way to answer your phone for take out orders. You'd make more $$$Ǿ
We should have known as they were wide open for breakfast and Mon Ami Gabi had a 30 minute wait right across the square!  

This sums it up - asked the waiter if he could "Hold the home fries with my quiche", and he responded, "I'll have to ask the chef."  I guess the chef was in a bad mood because I got the home fries with my quiche!  Doesn't stop there ... was never offered more coffee (one cup of their crap was enough ... how you ruin Pete's is beyond me).  I literally had to get up and walk some around to find someone to bring me coffee. 

Don't go there!  Stand in line and wait for Mon Ami Gabi or ANYWHERE ELSE!Ǿ
Our table had mixed reviews of this place but overall I think everyone thought it was decent. My boyfriend and I got an American and Paris burger and they were both good! The fries were a bit soft, almost soggy-ish but I am not picky with fries. My other friend got the Caesar salad which was drenched in dressing, she actually got sick that night (might or might bot have been from the salad, she does not drink, so no, alcohol was not the issue lol). 

And the service was pretty terrible, we saw our waitress like, twice. The restaurant was pretty empty too so that was disappointing.

At the end of the day, I would not return, there are better burger places in Vegas.Ǿ
Very good burgers  i had the Paris Burger which is with bleu cheese and bacon. I was super pleased they had gluten free buns. My companion has the italian burger which I didnt care for. Probably no ones fault but soda was flat.Ǿ
Hostess sat us right away. We mentioned to the waitress that we had to catch a flight. She got us our food right away! They even gave us free mini milkshakes to try. Great job... customer service alone will make us come back!Ǿ
This was the meet up spot for the wedding part during  my  best friend's wedding in Las Vegas. It was the perfect spot to chat and linger with everyone, and surprisingly a nice, quiet "island" in the busy Paris Casino. The only thing all of us noticed was that drink prices were quite overflated - but heck this is Las Vegas, it's to be expected.  Either way a great time was had :)Ǿ
Over priced for an average burger. Hubby had the blue cheese burger & I had the French dip. Neither were outstanding. Shared some rings.  $50 tab without drinks. Don't waste your time & money.Ǿ
The salmon sandwich was good but took way too long. Experience for what you get, a burger is $14 just for a sandwich and fries is extra $7. Didn't care for uniform of servers and hostess. Overall not awful but nothing special. 3 stars