This place is beautiful, clean and delicious. The server was attentive, the food was absolutely perfect and tasty. The decor is beautiful and service was fast. 

I WILL be coming back!笑
Definitely a must go to when we are in town! Being from Raleigh, we don't have a good variety of hibachi restaurants. Everything ends up tasting the same after awhile. That's never a problem at Shiki because there's always something new on their menu. On our most recent visit, we had the chicken and mixed vegetables with steamed rice and we also tried their new dessert, fried Oreo. Let's just say we killed it. All of it. Shiki is the best. The food is great. The customer service is great. They also have a great selection of beer and sake which is great after a long day. We can't wait until we're back in Charlotte so we can stop by Shiki again.笑
I will never go back.  The sushi portions were small and expensive.  The food was mediocre at best . We spent almost $40 on an early dinner and felt like we were ripped off.  This was one of the worst sushi restaurants I have been to quality-wise.笑
I am so disgusted! The sanitation grade in this place is a 91.0. When I asked the woman why the grade was so low she couldn't give an answer. Unfortunately we didn't see the grade until after we ate. Smh笑
Do NOT get sushi from here.  I ordered take out and when I got home the rolls were falling apart and the smell of bad fish was insane.  I gave it a try and ended up spitting out the roll.  
I called to tell them it was possibly bad and to please have a refund or store credit and they refused unless I drove all the way back so they can see for themselves.  Regardless of whether it is close or not, I find it rediculous that the customer would have to drive all the way back so they could see it.  I asked to speak with the boss and I got yelled at repeatedly "come back to store or no money!!!". So unprofessional and quite frankly disgusting.  I will no longer do business with this company.笑
"Mystery Meat"
NASTY strange taste not like steak at all!
This used to be one of my favorite restaurants & tonight the steak had an off taste & was very tough.  Definitely not the same food.
My last time here.  Bad taste lasting for hours.
YUCK - I HOPE THIS DOESN'T END UP WITH FOOD POISONING ;(笑
I really like this place! It almost looks closed most of the time because when you're walking right past it, it's dark and hard to see in unless you get really close.

The last time we've been was Valentine's Day 2011. I'm sure we'll be going back really soon, but it just hasn't crossed our minds. It's a nice place for a date that's for sure. Their soup is also really good.笑
I love this place! Great customer service and a nice wide range of Hibachi and sushi options. Onion soup is a personal favorite for an appetizer. My go-to dish is usually hibachi chicken and shrimp. But, on my last visit, I asked the waiter what they suggested. The recommended Hibachi salmon did not disappoint!笑
My server was polite but not very prompt. The food was pretty good but not as good as New Zealand cafe up the road. The reason for my rating isn't because of these things. It's because my order was wrong and instead of simply correctly charging me at the register, the owner decided to ridicule me. He then proceeded to tell me that I didn't even really know what it was I was ordering. Horrible customer service experience. I will not be going back there ever.笑
I'm only commenting on the hibachi aspect of the restaurant, I'm ignorant about sushi so I've always been hesitant to try much.

Shiki isn't quite on the level of a Kabuto's or Nakato's where they prepare the food in front of you, but you're not paying a premium for the show either, so it sorta balances out. 

The food was awesome, and you get a ton of it for the money. The hibachi chicken was juicy and flavorful, and the shrimp sauce is on the high end of the spectrum IMO.

But maybe the best part of all was the service. I'll grant you I went for an early lunch at about 11:30 so it wasn't too crowded, but I had my food in front of me about five minutes after I sat down. Honestly, it was so quick, I was almost afraid the food was leftover or something. But everything was hot and fresh. Great spot if you need to get in and out for lunch.笑
I normally order for pick up and it's always delicious & hot! Chicken with mixed vegetables hibachi taste fresh and very fulfilling.笑
Let's talk about the hidden gem that is Shiki. 

Ok, maybe not hidden for some but for a girl who lives on the outskirts of Uptown-this is definitely hidden! I would have never known about this place if it weren't for Living Social and their kick a** deal of $25 worth of sushi and other food. 

I went with another Yelper tonight and taken aback by this place. You would never expect a nice place like this in the Wal-Mart shopping center. High ceilings with lots of booths on the side and tables in the middle. This place had quite a crowd for a Friday night. Right when we sat, our server greeted us and got our drink orders. 

Lets talk drinks. 

Beers for $2.25 and $3 and glasses of wine for $3.95. And they are verrrrrry generous with the wine pours. Get I get a hallelujah??!! 

I figured with the hooch being cheap they would mark up the price of their sushi but oh no, this is cheap sushi haven! None of the rolls are over $10 and a majority of them are $5 or $6 with a generous portion.They also have traditional Japanese hibachi dishes but I really didn't even look too much into that since when there is sushi, I'm a girl on a mission. 

Let's talk sushi. 

We got the Volcano Roll, California Crunchy, Spicy Tuna and another roll -the name escapes me and hello beautiful, bountiful sushi! Everything was fresh and bursting with flavor and again, generous with the portions. I was definitely not expecting that!! Four rolls came out to about $26-not too shabby at all! 

I originally thought it would take a half hour to get to Shiki since I'm so used to my neighborhood and love the convenience of it. But it took less than 10 minutes to get to so if you're in Uptown, it's definitely a short trip! Also, they have awesome mints-just strong enough to wipe out the taste of wasabi. I would much rather go to Shiki and pay for sushi than go somewhere that's overpriced where you're paying more for the atmosphere than the sush.笑
Excellent for us! Very clean! Great service! Delicious food! Quiet and calm atmosphere! Plentiful servings. Moderately priced. We select the Hibachi combination dinners. I had flounder and really enjoyed it! Love their sauce and vegetables as well. We will always go back!笑
The best kept secret in Matthews! The food always come out super fresh, fast, and yummy. I always opt for the chicken and shrimp udon with mixed veggies and usually have to share with someone since they're really generous with their portion. I would definitely recommend this place to my family and friends!笑
Man had high hopes did not meet expectations off the ratings. Walked in floor had food all over it in a pile with a broom next to it un attended. Also there was a weird almost fishy stinch that hit me as i walked through to the register. As i got to the register i was ignored by the cashier/server or what ever he was as he continued his conversation with some lady. Still trying to convince my self to eat here untill i looked up and saw the 90 score at that point i grabbed a togo menu and never returned. Be cautious this place isnt as it seems.笑
Strip mall sushi!! I don't care...still good :)  I had heard great things about this place and finally got to try it out last Thursday. Don't let the fact this place is a little low budget fool you, it's not always about the atmosphere if the food and service can compensate.  Little did I know that Tuesday and Thursday are 1/2 price sushi days....WIN!  The sushi came out quickly and service was great.  Those two things equate to a repeat visit for this guy.  I find myself traveling pretty much right by this place every other week so I feel like this might be a new staple to my Thursday night dining adventures.笑
Best Japanese food ever! Great location with a great staff!笑
Cheap wine cheap rolls!!!  YUM!  The ingredients in the rolls are fresh if simple.  One of my biggest pet-peeves about sushi is a wiggly roll - not here!  Everything was clean, cheap and tight my friends!!

Where else can you get a spicy tuna roll for $4.50?  I would NEVER have come here unless my girlfriend had a groupon but now I will definitely be back.  The interior is definitely not sexy.  This place is like the Corolla everyone owns at least once in their lifetime - you dont really want people to see you in it but it is so practical.

The service was super fast and the waiter kept coming back to check on us.  I will be back my little Shiki!!!  :-D笑
Shiki is by far my favorite hibachi place in Charlotte. I'm not a fan of the dinner shows put on at most hibachi style restaurants (not worth the money, in my opinion) so Shiki is an excellent alternative for when I'm craving hibachi food but don't want to spend an exorbitant amount. My fiance and I ALWAYS share the Shiki for Two meal. It is by far the best deal, particularly when you are on a budget. The first time we ordered it, our waitress brought out a large plate full of rice, veggies, chicken, shrimp, and scallops (as well as two salads and soups). We were impressed with the amount. Then she brought out ANOTHER huge plate full. Yes, that's two for about $18. My fiance and I easily get two meals each out of our Shiki deal. And it is SO GOOD! 

A note on their sushi: it isn't the best or the worst I've ever had but it definitely hits the spot if you want a roll or two to go with your already ginormous meal. Also, if you eat in the restaurant the service is not the greatest in the world. The restaurant itself is a little sticky, older, and dark. But that never seems to bother me as I am only spending $18 on a total of about 4 meals!笑
Stopped into Shiki one night after visiting the Wal-Mart, and we weren't disappointed.  It reminds me of a combination between a couple of places.

There used to be this fast-food Japanese steakhouse down on Arrowood Road.  I think it was called "Tokyo Express" or something like that.  If you get one of the express meals, then you're getting just about the same thing that Tokyo Express would serve (except the portions here are a bit smaller, and perhaps a bit more expensive).  You get meat, rice, choice of vegetable and a vat of shrimp sauce.  Cost is about $7.  These meals are generally prepared from pre-cooked meats, but they taste pretty decent.

On the other side you can get a full-blown hibachi-style meal like you'll get at Kabuto or Ichiban, you just don't get it cooked table-side.  Think Hibachi Grill on Independence if you've been there, because it's pretty similar in style.  You even get soup and salad, and you can watch them cook through a massive glass window set in the back of the restaurant.

You'll also be able to choose from a variety of appetizers - we tried the vegetable tempura, which was made with large chunks of veggies, and it was tasty if a bit on the greasy side.

The restaurant itself is nicely appointed.  The only downside is that if you sit in the center at night you might find the tables are a bit dark.  The tables along the walls have small, bright lights that hang right overhead, so it's very easy to see.  If you don't want the lights, sit in the center.  If you want the lights, sit alongside - so it's easy to fix.  Just keep it in mind.

Service is quick and friendly, and they keep the glasses filled throughout.  All-in-all a nice experience.笑
Awesome! The sushi is the bomb! And you get so much food; definitely worth your money!!! Go go go!笑
Really mediocre sushi and the worst I've had in Charlotte! No sushi bar and no effort to prepare good sushi.笑
Love the teriyaki and hibachi chicken and veggies! The gingered carrots are awesome too. But what makes the food so great is the shrimp sauce. I've never eaten at the restaurant, but I get take out all the time.笑
The food here was delicious. I ordered the hibachi chicken with mixed vegetables and my wife ordered the teriyaki chicken with mixed vegetables. These were both very good. We also ordered the love roll, rock and roll which was my wife's favorite. This place had great service and the food was great. This will be our new go to spot.笑
Best Japanese restaurant in town! I love coming here for their sushi! It's affordable and best of all delicious! Make sure you save room for dessert because they have the most amazing deep fried ice cream!笑
Oh Shiki how do I love thee....

This is the best (non-hibachi show) Japanese Restaurant I've found in Charlotte. The dining room is large and clean. The staff is super friendly and the service is super fast. Anytime I call in an order for pick-up the wait is always five minutes. 

I've heard people say they didn't like the ginger dressing for the salads, but my mom liked hers. I had ranch because I am a wuss and can't handle any degree of spice. 

The teriyaki chicken meal is awesome! I can't remember the exact price, but I am pretty sure it's around 7 bucks. You get a decent amount of chicken with a huge mound of rice with veggies (onions, zucchini, mushrooms, carrots, and peas) and a side of sweet carrots.. oh and of course the most delish shrimp sauce in town. Shiki also seems less salty than other fast cuisine Japanese restaurants I've tried. 

I've also had the crab wontons, which are great.. but I only treat myself to them about every 6 months.

My mom always requests that we eat here when she visits from out of town. It really is worth all 5 stars to me!笑
Great prices. The food is always good. Never have to wait to be seated. Food doesn't take long either. Customer service is professional and relaxed. I enjoy this place a lot. They have my favorite fried dumplings in charlotte!笑
This place was my favorite sushi place in charlotte. I would come two or three times a week. It's been several months since I've been here but either I've had better sushi or the food just went downhill. Not impressed I will probably pass up on it my next sushi craving meal笑
Food was enjoyable until i found 3 HUGE cock roaches. One on the wall one on my table right next to my food and one crawling between my seats. it was so disgusting i literally lost my appetite and left the manager didnt even care to offer a discount . smh笑
I planned my visit to coincide with the 2 for 1 sushi special on Tuesdays and Thursdays. Two tables were occupied when I entered; 5 were occupied when I left.  I ordered 4 rolls - Shrimp Tempura, Crunchy California, Tiger Roll, and I forget the last one.  It doesn't matter.  I was not impressed with any of it. I will say the shrimp tempura (my daughter's favorite) was the most pleasing of all the rolls because it was served hot. That made it edible.  Perhaps they don't go all out when you order the 2 for 1 special.  If that was the case, they don't want me back.   I am giving them two stars as I hope the dishes on the menu are better than the sushi.笑
Good for on the go, kinda feels like Japanese fast food.  I really enjoy the vegetable fast plate, however temperature can be a hit or miss.  However the vegetable tempura is always piping hot,  be careful!  One other item I do love and almost makes me add a star is the $1 onion soup,  packed full of flavor.  Will keep trying more items,  there's quite an extensive menu.笑
Shiki is a solid, affordable place to get a Japanese steakhouse style meal.  The decor is ... interesting: once you notice that there's no pattern to the colored lamps on the ceiling, their random placement will never cease to annoy you on some primal, subconscious level. However, the servings are ample and tasty.  The last time we went, I order Hibachi tuna.  It was slightly overdone, but not bad for eight bucks.笑
Our go to place for take out Japanese so far since we've moved here.  We typically take it to go and the food is always good.  Ate in once and it was pretty empty but lots of people came in and out for take out.  Weird location because you basically park in the Walmart parking lot and walk across but other then that no complaints.笑
Went back a second time, I found the the steak and scallop hibashi awful, plus again with the boiled frozen carrots only this time it was a bowlful on top of the rice. Just terrible. The Japanese onion soup that came with the measl was the only good thing about it. The waiter really tried to please but there's nothing he can do -other than finding another restaurant to work at.笑
Was in the area this evening and stumbled upon this little gem got hungry while trying to beat Monday's traffic.... lost that fight lol. I gotta say I was quite surprised how satisfied I was after eating everything I ordered 6 sushi rolls and a combination hibachi plate shrimp n scallops to be exact, very decent portion for the price came with a onion soup and a simple salad which the onion soup was divine and flavorful I wished I snapped a picture of the hibachi plate and soup but I was starving and it was so good so, well let's just say what was left on my plate wasn't photo friendly after I'm done with it haha. They get 7 stars on a scale of 5 for their hibachi, kudos. As for the sushi, now it's not like the higher end sushi places around town but it's not what I was expecting in the first place yet again it's not them high end prices either. Can't say I was disappointed at all it was all so delicious I hurt myself sitting there trying to finish eating everything that I ordered ..... I lost that fight as well lol but HEY I GOT A SECOND MEAL with the Togo box I took home lol. I would definitely be coming back to try other items on the menu! WISHED I had room for dessert bc I saw they had fried Oreos with vanilla ice cream. Hell me being a Fat southern boy and u got "fried" "Oreos" "ice cream" in the same sentenced that's a WINNING situation lol笑
Maybe I would give it 3.5 stars because it's decent and a good value. However I have never met a ginger dressing salad I didn't like but theirs is absolutely disgusting. I could almost get past putting egg on it but I still can't figure out what was in the weirdly chunky dressing. Please change your recipe, it is really bad笑
I never thought of trying this place b/c it's in a Walmart shopping center, but I'm glad I finally did last night! The restaurant is really big and I liked the atmosphere- much better than expected. 

The food was really awesome too, especially for the price! We had cream cheese wontons, Rock & Roll sushi, Chicken & Steak Hibachi Combination, soup & salad - with drinks it was only $25! You can't beat that. They had a lot of options on the menu, so it was hard to decide, but the meats were really tasty and the vegetables were fresh (not over-cooked). 

The service was also top-notch. We didn't wait long for the food to start streaming out of the kitchen and they cleared plates quickly (I hate when restaurants leave your dirty plate in front of you forever!). 

Overall, this is a great little find and I definitely recommend.笑
AMAZING I would live here and eat their teriyaki chicken with fried rice and mixed vegetables every day. Love this place!!!
Great prices too!!!!笑
Not amazing but pretty good for quick & cheap sushi. Nice open dining room with laid back atmosphere (nice decor, music not to loud) Staff was very friendly! Hint: tues&thurs they advertise bogo sushi rolls.笑
When in doubt, I go to Shiki! Shiki is in the Galleria shopping center, across from Wal-Mart, on the same strip at the Dollar Tree. Hint: there is no parking at the location itself, you have to park in front of Game Stop and walk across the street, but it is not bad at all. So you walk in and are always immediately greeted and seated. The décor is modern, clean and simple. The service is friendly, fast, and efficient. I always go for a hibachi meal that comes with soup, salad, and shrimp sauce. It is just like those big hibachi chains, except they do not cook in front of you and it is much faster. However, if you do want to see them cook, they have a big glass window at the kitchen and you are free to take a peek at your meal! The food is always hot and fresh, and the shrimp sauce is perfect! Our drinks always stay full and our waiter is always available and checking on us. 

Have you ever tried fried ice cream? Well Shiki has it! I have had this dessert twice, the first time it was amazing, the second time (after I had raved about it) I found pieces of plastic in it, so I won't be getting it again. I wish this didn't happen because this dessert really is so yummy! They offered to replace it, but after almost eating plastic I had lost my appetite. Other than the plastic in my fried ice cream experience, Shiki is great! If you can't have a sit down lunch or dinner, they will have your take-out order ready for you to pick up FAST!笑
Shiki is the place to go if you are a sushi/hibachi fan like I am. It's a family owned restaurant and it shows, the hospitality received just enhances the food experience that much more. The service is fast and timely, & sanitation is always on point. The sushi quality is one of the best in town. Shiki never fails to meet my expectations and exceeds in all aspects. I love to support local businesses. I will continue to support Shiki, and hope you too will visit and see just what you've been missing out on!笑
The parking is kinda odd to have only options to park from the shopping center or at the back of the restaurants/stores. There's a side door mostly used for takeout curbside.  The restaurant looked nice inside with tall ceilings.  I liked the entrance.  It usually pretty quiet inside.  The staff was attentive and the manager was sweet.  The hibachi places are priced fairly.  There's daily specials on entrees.  Tuesday's sushi special is buy one get one free.  Thursday's is buy two sushi rolls and get one free.  I've eaten inside and ordered about a total of 6 times.  Sometimes the food is good and sometimes it could use more seasoning/sauce even for the sushi.  It can taste like plain white rice with some light tasting toppings inside not to be distinguished from each other.  Such a good deal on the sushi but not always flavorful.笑
I found this place by accident, but was wonderfully suprised! They have a nice decore and play soft classical music (I hate when the music is distracting to a good conversation). The service is always fast and friendly, and the food is delicious!! This is always a great stop for some good food.笑
Will never go to another Japanese restaurant again, Shiki has a customer for life.  Awesome staff and great food and service.笑
Service was friendly and the food was great for the price point. This is a great spot for a quick bite.笑
Best Japanese restaurant in town! The service and sushi were incredible. Extremely fresh! Teriyaki chicken and the salmon is the best! Great atmosphere笑
5/5 stars, if I could give it more I would! Excellent service along with a great atmosphere... Typically I find it hard expressing certain needs bc of a language barrier... But Shiki gets it! And might I add that they serve the BEST teriyaki chicken in town ;)笑
I am not sure if it was a bad day or if they saw me and didn't care about giving me a better quality of food. This place was terrible. I ordered sushi including egg rolls and the egg rolls was the only thing that looked freshly made. The shrimp tempura seemed like it had been sitting around all day. It was tough like rubber. The kani which was two pieces were two separate colors so this was a clear indication that it wasnt fresh at all. TERRIBLE TERRIBLE FOOD!笑
After my bad service at NZ, I decided to give this place a try. Interior was excellent along with very attentive staff. Right away I already was happier than with the staff at NZ Cafe. Got 2 rolls get one free deal. Sushi was good, but the rolls where rather on the small side. Ingredients seemed very fresh and tasty. I also noticed what others people had ordered and their portions also seemed small when comparing to NZ. Still it looked very good and would recommend this place as a more upscale location for a date or special occasion笑
Wow, the sushi was recently made and the design was pretty cute. The habachi had an umami type of taste which was amazing. I recommend getting the steak at a medium rare笑
Bland and nasty these reviews most be fake ordered shrimp hibachi should've known better when they said 10 mins when I called in order at 4:30 on a Saturday afternoon. Got there no one was in there at all! Empty restaurant in a shopping plaza well figured out why the food absolutely sucks! Won't be returning wasted $笑
absolutely the worst food and customer service i've ever seen!  ordered hibachi chicken take out, got home and upon 1st bite all i could taste was onions. no flavor, no seasoning what so ever! couldn't taste the chicken, rice, or carrots, tasted like flavorless rice cakes.  no taste what so ever in this disgusting food. drove all th way back, expecting a refund as i only ate 3 damn bites of rice. the owner had nerve to tell me he couldn't give me a refund because i ate off it???....... f*&k*&g seriously?????? what happened to making the customer happy so i would "actually come back"??????? i was told  can get "a credit", no card given, no piece of paper with an amount or anything, was told, "i know you, i remember, when you came back you can get the same"

news flash buddy: when someone says your food is disgusting, more than likely they won't be back!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

keep your $7 worth of cardboard onion flavor roasted cat, i'm good!  i'll be sure to pass the word along on how "great" my experience was.笑
For me, Shiki alone will not be worth another trip down Independence. 

Late lunch timing made me one of two tables in the restaurant, which is a nice sized room - somewhat oddly decorated and filled with the sounds of my old dentist's office jazz covers of pop songs. I am seated, given a menu and my water, and I browse briefly. 

"Any lunch specials?" 
"Yeah, they're listed on the board" (pointing in the direction of the white board I remember seeing next to the door, but it is obscured by anyone actually sitting in the restaurant by a small wall)
"Okay.. any sushi specials?"
"Yes."
"Could you tell me about them?"
"1 cucumber, 1 oskar, miso soup - $5.95"
(browse menu's small corner sushi section looking for "oskar" ingredients - no dice.)
"What's in the oskar?"
"It says it right here" (pointing vaguely at corner of menu I just looked at)
"I'm sorry, I don't see it"
"Here." (points to Alaska roll.) 

My house salad comes out with a diced ginger & carrot dressing (and shredded cheese on top?) Edible, but probably the worst I've had in town. My spicy tuna roll (which you can order spicy or not) was actually six pieces of a regular tuna roll with a nickel size squirt of spicy mayo and a pin drop of sriracha on the side. A teaspoon of wasabi and a few pieces of ginger rounded out the plate. (small boat dish, actually) No soy sauce on the table, and no server in sight. All advances to get someones attention from my seat were met by stares from the kitchen staff with nothing to do and no inclination to help. So I made do with some mixed wasabi mayoness, Thankfully, the fish itself was really fresh and didn't need much masking. 

My server never came back to the table (dropped the check with the rolls) and my water was never refilled. I guess if errands bring me in area again and I'm starving I'll give it another go since the fish was fresh - but there's probably a better joint in the area. (and my salad and roll came to $7.95 - there are definitely better sushi lunch prices in town!)笑
Delicious!!!! Best Spring Rolls Ever....Service and Presentation Excellent.
Sushi At It's Best笑
My husband and I don't eat out frequently because we had tried to eat healthier, but when we do eat out, we somehow always end up here at Shiki.  We usually order the hibachi style vegetables and salmon with shrimp. My husband also raves about their filet mignon hibachi.  It is very well flavored and hits the spot, and best of all we don't feel guilty afterwards.  Staff is very friendly and accommodating to our dietary needs.  Would highly recommend to other health conscious individuals trying to expand their options.笑
Best sushi in Charlotte NC!  Service and price are outstanding ! This is a wonderful place hidden amongst all the nation wide chains.笑
Great for quick, inexpensive takeout. I really like their hibachi scallop dish.笑
The food was mediocre. I would not recommend this place. The staff was nice but the food was not up to par.笑
Popped in for lunch while running errands.on a Saturday. Sadly, the place was mostly empty. The service was quick and polite and the atmosphere was very nice. Our 9 month old really enjoyed playing with the echo thanks to the really high ceiling. The food was tasty for the money. I enjoyed my white rice with teriyaki beef and broccoli. Hubby found his fried rice lacking in flavor and it was missing any egg or vegetable. Overall, a decent quick lunch for two with drinks for under $20.笑
Part of me wanted to love this place because it's right down the street from my studio, but the service was slow, the waitress wasn't attentive, food was bland and the portions were small.笑
I like to get the habachi vegetables or chicken plate for a quick lunch. Always quick service. Good miso soup too.笑
Mediocre. Can't understand some of the reviews that say how great it is. Tempura shrimp and vegetables were greasy/heavy with batter. Onion soup was barely lukewarm and was like water that had an onion waved through. The salad was ok. Shrimp and chicken combo was acceptable but not memorable. Admittedly did not try the sushi so maybe that's better. Service was pleasant.笑
Good food (a little bland but with shrimp and chili sauce it's fine), great service. Great portions for the price. Wish they added bean sprouts to rice and not those darn peas. No hibachi tables on the inside, great for a quick lunch or low key dining experience. Causal, relaxed environment. Small restaurant. Great area.笑
Love this place! Best sushi and habachi in town. I come here when I'm on this side of town. The food comes quickly and the prices are great.笑
My boyfriend and I absolutely love this place because we really enjoy their hibachi entrees. I usually get the teriyaki chicken since it has a sweeter taste than hibachi chicken. The teriyaki steak is really good as well. I do wish that there was a bit more of a balance between the rice, meat and mixed vegetables because I do end up with an ample amount of rice leftover. Overall, I really enjoy the shrimp sauce (could be given more) and the sweet carrots are sweet enough to fulfill my taste buds. When ordering to go, they always have it prepared of the time that is given. Everyone is very friendly and service is great. You are given enough food for the amount you pay for. I've tried their sushi once and it was good. Definitely try it out for yourselves!笑
Always had a good experience here. Staff pays attention and are friendly. Sushi is really good here and has good sized pieces! Must come on a Tuesday and Thursday when they have buy one roll get one roll free! The M-16 roll and the flying saucer roll are so good! This is my regular spot for sushi! Good and affordable!笑
The food was good and the service was great! We will return again. Shrimp sauce gets an A!笑
When we pulled into the parking lot, I told my boyfriend that this place looked pretty snazzy inside and I didn't know if we should go in. I pretty much looked like I'd just crawled out of a box on the street because I'd just got done working a full 7 day week, and it showed. He was persistent though, and I watched person after person stroll out in a tie, or dress or suit jacket etc. I almost wanted to close my eyes as he encouraged me through those doors. 

Well, I was pleasantly surprised to say the least. We walked in to a welcoming place with soaring ceilings and nice decor. We were seated as soon as we arrived, and the server was fantastic. I wasn't really hungry so I just opted for the edemame and the won tons. My boyfriend got some sort of a shrimp roll, and all of it was amazing. I love New Zealand around the corner from here and I have to say, this place gave them a run for their money. It will be a toss up when I'm craving some sushi. 

This place is so good, it was seriously like a slow mo moment from a movie. Both my boyfriend and I had that expression of pure bliss, after only one bite. I put that won ton in my face and both the smell and texture caused me to close my eyes in anticipation of that amazing taste parade that would soon be on my tongue. Mind you, I was never a won ton fan until I moved to Charlotte, so this has been a very pleasant surprise for me!

My God, that thing was the perfect amount of crispy golden amazingness, and the cream cheese just finished it off. I told him that I'd go back there just to have won tons for dinner!! The prices were just as fantastic and I had to scold myself for my initial judgment of that too cool for you status I'd initially given them when we drove up. 

We will definitely be back, like maybe tonight...or right now. Wait.. I'm at work, I probably should stay here.. Dang.笑
My daughter and I decided to try Shiki one night since we recently moved to the other side of town and couldn't seem to find a Japanese Steakhouse close to where we live. The place was small, dark and not what I expected it to be. 

The food was just okay, not all that great and service was kind of slow. I see there's a lot of good reviews on this place but I've been to many Japanese steakhouses and this one just didn't cut it for me.笑
Looking on the bright side, the positives were the service was friendly and fast and the restaurant was clean and comfortable. Okay, now the negatives. The food we were given was Chinese food with a Chinese presentation.  The liberal dosing of teriyaki sauce on indifferent ingredients does not make a meal Japanese. We were so disappointed.笑
If your looking for sushi, go somewhere else...


Sorry Shiki, but my boyfriend and I were looking for some sushi! We had drove by the place we normally have sushi and there was a line out the door, so I suggested we go have something at Shiki. They staff was welcoming but when we looked at the menu we were disappointed. The sushi selection was very lacking. Specialty rolls are pretty much non existent. All in all we did not stay for dinner.笑
Great hibachi chicken. That's what I order most of the time. They have buy 1 get 1 sushi rolls so we tried those today and it was good. I will come here again and enjoy some good food.笑
This is the worst Japanese restaurant I have ever eaten at any where or at any time - bar none. 

If you like sushi; if you like any kind of Japanese food - go somewhere else because this is not it. I have never been to China, but I am sure that this is to Japanese food like what America has done to Chinese food., but without the flavor. It is meant for people who have never had real Japanese food and I am assuming from this place never will because it is terrible. 

They have no real sushi, not to mention fresh raw fish from what I could see. Even the Spider roll was made with fake crab! The sweet commercial ginger dressing salad came topped with commercial pre-grated cheese - in a Japanese Restaurant? I ordered two rolls and couldn't bring myself to finish either one since they were so terrible.  My partner had teriyaki chicken which is very difficult to screw up but they still manage to so if I were you I would stay away.笑
Quick delicious fresh tasting food! Good service and pleasing open atmosphere.
My favorite it the hibachi salmon. Have been many times and consistently delicious!笑
I am re-reviwing Shiki as I have been a few times since my last review. The day I went on the last review must have been an off day because since then I have not had any issues. I do not order the ginger dressing any more as it is to spicy for my taste. The service is always friendly and fast and the food is good. The habitchi chicken and steak with mushrooms is my go to. The fried dumplings are satisfing, if you are looking for a good meal quick Shiki is the answer.笑
Overall it was an ok visit. I would go back. the place is nice enough for where we are. Another reviewer remarked on the height of the ceilings which, I admit, are ridiculously high and makes it feel  like you're eating in the middle of a train station terminal. The acoustics are odd and it feels like you can hear everyone's conversation.

The food was decent. Nothing wowed me and nothing was bad. We had some nigiri and some rolls, nothing remarkable. I also had a hibachi beef which, again, was ok. The only comment is that it was all under-seasoned. I had to douse my hibachi plate in that sauce they give you to give it flavor.

The service was nice and prompt and it's very close to my job. We went for lunch during our break and was definitely pleased. It was also very reasonably priced I thought.

Unfortunately for them, New Zealand is right across the street and, although NZ has significantly slower service, they have much better food. I'd still be going back though I'm sure.