Finally went here after talking about it for some time. Went with a friend on a Tuesday around 5:30, it was very slow, which we didn't mind. 
Food needed salt, but the service was great. The bloody Mary's we ordered tasted sweet, like sprite was added or something bizarre. 
We ate our meals and walked next door to grab a drink and while we were there (maybe 20 mins after we left) our bartender alerted us that the Waterbury had called and was going to tow my car! I promptly moved it, but was pretty shocked. The lot was practically empty, and we had been in fact a patron there.apparently, they do this pretty often. 
 
I like trying different places in Lakewood, and I eat out often. I probably won't be back because of this, I found it to be very tacky that they did this.Ǿ
If you're looking for homey feel with traditional American meals at a phenomenal price, this is place. It reminds of sokolowskis ambiance with just lighter colored wood. The Friday night jazz is just lovely and the staff is attentive and friendly. We had the soup of the day (it was fine) and the wings to start with (these were good). The wings did come out in a pile of sauce but I love sauce so I kept doing my wings back in it. I had the eggplant Monterey to eat and it was surprisingly tasty. My fiance had the Chilean sea bass and it was good if you like dill. Again for 8.95, I got my eggplant dish with a soup or salad and bread. A steal! They were advertising Saturday night trivia at 7pm so I'd be curious to see how that goes. I plan to be back this winter because it just had the perfect winter cozy feel.Ǿ
I gotta say, the food was better than I expected! I live right down the street so I followed them on Facebook and saw on Monday they have $5.99 Strip Steak dinner. I came in with low expectations, but everything was great! I added salad for $1 extra and soup and fries were included. The salad had no tomatoes, but hey, you can't expect the world for $7.

As Amy said, the atmosphere is great! The decor is great, it's a low key old school style. Feels very relaxing and warm. Love the fact that there are only a few TVs and they are not prominent. This restaurant seems like a great place to just be with people, and enjoy the laughter, the low light, and if you come on the right night, the live music. It's on Wednesday, Friday, and Saturday.Ǿ
Great jazz great American songbook trio on Friday nights. Food and service good, we love the waitstaff here. Always helpful. Excellent garlic soup. Generous drinksǾ
I found this delightful little gem in Lakewood when I googled, "Steak in Lakewood."  I checked out their website and found they had a "BOGO Steak Night on Saturdays"!  Their steaks were perfectly fine.  A little thin, but I wasn't expecting Hyde Park.

Waterbury caters to a distinct crowd of the older generation and the menu reflects that in their comfort food - liver and onions, scrod, chicken paprikash.   Everything I've tried here has been perfectly fine.  Their cole slaw is quite delish.  

The food alone would get a 3 star rating.  The five star rating is for the atmosphere!  Lounge singers, huzzah!!  I'd like to think that years and years from now, my sweetie and I will be sitting at the Waterbury Coach House bar, sipping our Old Fashioneds, singing along to "As Time Goes By."Ǿ
Upon walking in, the atmosphere is reminiscent of a nursing home. The smell, lighting, and personnel all contribute. No beers on tap. Credit card machine was broken. Our friend got diarrhea. Overall... not the worst place I've been.Ǿ
Fun night of trivia, great food, wonderful service, and reasonable prices. A small little bar, restaurant in Lakewood that's definitely worth checking out.Ǿ
Had our car towed when we were inside eating. Claimed I wasn't in the car when my boyfriend and I pulled up and said we must have been somewhere else prior (like that would make it ok). Never asked if we had a car in the lot because the last time we were there we had walked. Not kidding. The bartender did get our 112 dollar tow payment down to 50..woo. I've heard from multiple people that they are tow happy. So yeah, go there if you want to spend $50 for 2 people (reasonable ), $50-112 for being towed, and the $13 uber to said facility. Let me tell ya, the feeling of thinking your vehicle was stolen is SWELL. Food is okayǾ
Very good perch dinner. Hugh burgers.  Quaint older feeling atmosphere, no feelings of being rushed or crowded. I've never waited long if at all for a table. Trivia night on Saturday.Ǿ
This place was never really on our radar. The outside looks very old school and it's hard to tel if they are open. The other day we stumbled into here and what a great choice that was. Everyone in the restaurant seemed to know each other but they were extremely welcoming to us first timers. Food was priced perfect and beers were relatively cheap. I absolutely loved the old school feel of the entire place. Do yourself a favor and check it out.Ǿ
Whew! I've been waiting for other people to write reviews on this place so that their only review wouldn't be a bad one. It was last fall I think when we came here, but the memory is fresh.

Because a picture is worth 1,000 words, I'll just post the picture of the horrifying meal my boyfriend was served here. This is what they call a Medium-well steak. I didn't edit this picture whatsoever, because it's completely accurate in its existing nauseating nature.

 I don't even remember what I got, I don't remember liking it, but I was too horrified by what I captured in this photograph. The service was terrible, the woman who waited on us was rude, and the window treatments are made of...wait for it...cloth napkins. A creative use of napkins mind you, but not for a restaurant. This must be a 'regular' type place for people who don't know better. I was horrified, horrified. Terrible, terrible. It's amazing we didn't leave with food poisoning. Months later and I'm still upset about this experience. Avoid it, there are so many great restaurants in Cleveland.Ǿ
Sadly this place was a huge disappointment. The food was mushy (I had perch, my date had the seafood platter), the atmosphere was tired and the cleanliness was questionable. That being said the staff was great, very friendly and accommodating. It was busy due to the band however the patrons seemed to have escaped from the nursing home for the night (I think we were the youngest by far). I'm giving this place 1 star because of the poor quality food and the decor...no wonder it's so cheap!Ǿ
First time at the Waterbury. We went on Friday night to hear the jazz. Obviously a place full of locals but that being said we have never made so many friends in such a short time!! We ordered the lake perch both ways and it was delicious..both pan fried and deep fried. The clam chowder was very tasty and not too heavy.
The music was just right for the venue... Not too loud and a great sampling of the Great American Songbook. Doris the singer was sweet and mellow.
The service was over the top as they moved a table just so we could be closer to the music.
We came strangers but like "Cheers"everyone will know your name!