I'm quite picky when it comes to Chinese desserts. Mainly because I've been eating it all my life and my parents have spent years trying to perfect their dessert making skills.
So I have to say I'm not impressed here. Did I mention that they don't serve Tofu Pudding?! WHY!

Sesame Paste - ugh, it's worse than the packaged ones I buy from T&T. One look and you know it's not going to be good. Why? Because it's not black enough and it looks glossy. Meaning there's actually probably, most likely very little sesame in it. The sesame aroma is nowhere to be found and all I taste is paste. Not even sweetened paste. Just.. watery paste. If you've ever made sesame paste at home from scratch, you'll know that good black sesame paste dessert will look really black and the black sesame aroma should be strong. And I prefer my black sesame not completely grinded until the point where you can't taste the sesame.

Steamed egg with milk - This is one of my favourite desserts. It was decent. Just not sweet enough and not smooth enough.  
 
I wouldn't come back for desserts, I'll just make my own. But I will come back for one thing. The assorted herbal tea mixed with sweet herbal tea. Perfect after eating too much fried food. It's actually one of the most bitter ones I've had and I like that. It seems to work wonders for my sore throat every time. I also like the fact that they open late and they're cheaper than the other Chinese dessert places.Ǿ
This is a more traditional chinese dessert place. I ordered the papaypa fungus, thinking it would be the milk baked papaya - somewhat disppointed, but it was okay.. 
The watermelon sago was not chunks of watermelon, rather more of a blended watermelon smoothie on a bowl. 

It's great that this place opens late. Overall, it's just okayǾ
Good place for traditional Chinese desserts. They open late, however, this place can get quite loud on weekend evenings. I like the sesame paste, sweet crispy milk, steamed rice rolls, and mango sago.Ǿ
For a late night snack of chicken wings or some Chinese "dessert soup", you can easily find something that you would like at Sweet Culture.Ǿ
Yummy, traditional style Asian desserts!
I tried a creamy mango dessert with coconut milk, and a red bean sago.
Both were not overly sweet, and tasted fresh and healthier than a traditional dessert.
Service was quick, and the place was quite busy with others eating and chatting.Ǿ
Was craving for the green bean porridge so sent my husband to go get it for me. When he came home I tasted it and something was not right at all, the color was off it was reddish, it tasted not green bean but a mix of who knows what. It was very gross. I stopped both of us from eating more. Called the place for clarification and asked them to taste a spoonful of their own dessert and they apologized immediately for the awful taste. Took our name down and promise we can get another one for free. But after this episode would u give it a second chance? At least they own up to what had happened.Ǿ
Herbal Grass Jelly  - served chilled with syrup on the side. I absolutely loved the amount of herbal bitterness of the jello; it was strong but not overwhelming. 

Mango Sago - there was a generous amount of sago in every bite, which was amazing. I don't recall that many mango pieces, if there were any, but there was a slight mango flavouring in the coconut milk which was very creamy, and to my likings not too sweet.

Sesame Glutinous Rice Balls - served hot in a ginger syrup soup.

Service was quick, and desserts were on point. I will definitely come back again!Ǿ
i absolutely love this place.
every once in a while i crave mango sago from here and i also really like the mango pancakes here too. i have yet to try the durian pancakes here but i certainly will in the future. the 'tong yuen' are also very good and the only thing i can say is that sometimes the more traditional hot chinese desserts can be tooooo sweet. but otherwise. i really like this place.Ǿ
Sweet walnut soup with black sesame rice balls. The soup was fresh and hot and the rice balls were large, soft, chewy and tasty. The soup was not overly sweet and just right for me. Also tried the sago with taro soup and it was just as good as the first soup.

Service was quick. Good amount of seating. Prices were comparable to other Chinese dessert places. The soups themselves were about $3.75 each and the rice balls which comes in three's were an added cost which I do not remember. But with three different soups and two sets of rice balls the total came to just over $17 taxes in.Ǿ
More or less your typical Chinese dessert place. Nothing special about it and the stuff is pretty average tasting. They do have the traditional stuff like the herbal jelly and papaya-related stuff, neither of which I'm personally much of a fan of. Ambience kind of sucks and service is barebones.Ǿ
Food: 3.5
Ordered: black sesame sweet soup and taro and coconut with sago dessert (see pictures)
My boyfriend specifically asked if they use powder or real grounded black sesame powder to make their dessert and the waitress told us they use real sesame here. When we got it, my boyfriend said it was made from powder packets you can buy at supermarkets. I honestly can't tell the difference but if you've been to sweet culture before, you would probably guessed that they weren't at the back grinding up real black sesame seeds for your dessert. In fact, most if not all dessert places just serve powdered goodness. However, we both enjoyed our desserts and the portion sizes were good and has stayed the same over the years. I got my taro and coconut sago cold. Very few pieces of taro and they were quite hard which I don't like. Other than that, it was good. Preferred the black sesame over mine. 
Our friends ordered a mix of black sesame and walnut paste and they both agreed Thad they liked the black sesame more as well so I guess if you're there, give it a try...even though it's one of those boring old timey Chinese desserts.

Ambiance: 3 stars
Has a minor old China vibe to the place. It's a little rundown. Let's just say, it's very casual here. 

Service: 2.5 stars
The waitress seems to speak limited English and mostly Mandarin. Very little Cantonese. She did the bare minimum of a waitress' job description which was sufficient.Ǿ
Located in Peach Tree plaza at Highway 7 and Kennedy, Sweet Cultures is a traditional Chinese dessert place that also serves some hot foods (depending on the time).
Inside, the place is clean with plenty of seating available.  
In terms of menu, they've got an extensive selection from cold and warm drinks to sago, ice cream, steamed noodle rolls and fried milk.
Prices as well are reasonable, but parking is NOT especially during weekends and peak dinner hours due to ample restaurants in the immediate vicinity.  

For food Jen and I shared their:

**Steamed noodle rolls, deliciously good, portions were sufficient for the two of us. 
**Coconut shaved ice with grass jelly & ice cream....great presentation, but the grass jelly gave this drink a funny taste....not a great experience
**Almond soup: warm, smooth and savory.  This was delightful.

Overall its a great place if you're up for some traditional Chinese desserts.Ǿ
I went late one Monday night. My brother was visiting from the UK and he wanted dessert. Nobody was in the place, except for us. I ordered the dried bean sheet and egg sweet soup. The egg was whole and not in the soup. The bean sheet was virtually non existant. The other things we ordered were ok, could have done better myself!Ǿ
If memory serves me right, Sweet Culture is one of the oldest Chinese dessert speciality restaurants/stores in York Region.  I believe the one inside Markham Village is the oldest.  I have visited on and off for a long time.  Sweet Culture was excellent before, when the original father owner opened the store serving unapologetically authentic and traditional Chinese desserts.  They expand the menu overtime, and I accept the change as a business reality.

We ordered sesame ball sweet soup tonight.  It was still old fashioned good.  The balls were fresh and chewy (none of them broke), the sesame paste sweet, the ginger soup strong and piping hot.  The portion was smaller than before, but at $3.50 for 6 balls, I was not complaining.  It was a "comfort dessert" for this cold winter evening, something the new and trendy desserts could not claim.  

As long as Sweet Culture continues to serve unapologetically authentic and traditional Chinese sweet soup, I will return.  I have never ordered any desserts from the trendy desserts section, so I cannot comment on them.

A solid 3.5 stars for the traditional desserts.Ǿ
Ginger steamed milk is smooth and silky. Hot and fresh made to order. A bit more of ginger flavor and it would have been a 5 star.Ǿ
Regular lunch place. It's a really cool place where you can customize your noodle during lunch hours. It comes with a drink too. In the evening the place transforms into a Chinese dessert shop.Ǿ
Been coming here for many years now.. my grandma loves the Taro Sago from this place.

Last I decided to go full out and order a full out dinner..

2 Tea Eggs, 1 Large Taro Sago, Deep Fried Milk, Durian Pancake, and a 1 specialty drink.. $26.50 take-out price..


The Tea Eggs were really just so-so.. and over priced at $1.25 each plus tax.. tasted legit and flavourful.. but only the first one.. second one was a fail.. ??

Deep Fried Condensed Milk was ok.. didn't taste bad.. it was missing sweetness.. it was fried pretty nicely and crispy on the outside.. and came with some sugar on the side.. but definitely needs to be sweeter on its own..

Durian Pancake was oh oh K K.... not enough real durian.. but for the price.. it was acceptable..

The Taro Sago is definitely worth a 4 star rating tho!! Super Taro flavour and perfectly chewy and al Dante Sago!!

I would imagine the other types of Sago would be great as well..Ǿ
Always a fan of traditional Chinese dessert as opposed to all the Taiwanese dessert houses popping up everywhere now. Most of their dessert soups are all prepared ahead of time and they just need to scoop it into bowls. The steamed egg takes 10 minutes but it's worth the wait. That is always my go to dessert. They also have really good snacks for late night snacking.Ǿ
Cheap Chinese desserts.  They actually give you a lot.

However, the place was RIDICULOUSLY cold in the winter time.  For some reason, they just couldn't seem to put some heat on.

Not only that service wasn't the best (but what do you expect from an Asian place?).Ǿ
Pension Babe: Do you like Chinese dessert? Oh wait. Never mind. You think soup is food you only turn to before you eat your dog for survival calories.

Me: [wanting to prolong the date] Oh did you want to go for dessert? My soup-before-eating-your-dog rule only applies to, you know, soup soup. Not Chinese dessert soups. [Thinks wtf is a dessert soup? But I don't care. I just want to spend another 30 minutes with her.]

Anyway, we made our way here. You get a little tick sheet with various dessert-y things I got no clue about.

Me: Hmmm. You trusted me to order Korean. You order me dessert. Just don't tell me what you ordered until I get it.

Pension Babe: Okay, one question. Hot or cold?

Me: Cold. [Heads to their good smelling men's bathroom]

Pension babe got papaya and mushroom dessert soup. Hot. I was unaware there was such a thing as dessert mushrooms. But then I was unaware a culture had a dessert soup. Pension babe ordered me a mango tapioca kind of cold custardy slushie bowl. Or something. 

Me: [tugs her dessert mushroom soup closer] I just want to smell it. It looks like soup you get at Swiss Chalet. [smells soup] That is the most offensive smelling dessert soup ever. I'm offended sitting at a table with a dessert soup that smells that bad.

Pension babe: You can go sit on that chair over by the bathroom.Ǿ
- slow service
- doesn't accept cash didn't notify me til I had to pay had to drive around to find ATM
- didn't have pancakes plus a very limited menu
- good for those who like simple traditional chinese desserts
- low prices 
- open til 2amǾ
My favorite go-to Chinese dessert place. There's not much emphasis on the decor or the service but the food and dessert is where it's at.  The food is more of the traditional Chinese street food and desserts so if you're looking for something more fancy and Instagram worthy pictures then this is not the place.

I've tried most of the dishes here but my absolute fave one is their mango pudding and deep fried squid. The texture of the mango pudding is nice and thick, topped with real mango pieces and generous amount of evaporated milk. I've tried mango pudding at many other places but this is still the best tasting one.  Love their deep fried squid. It's actually fried in a light batter and very flavorful as well. Only thing is it's super oily so you might wanna dab it on some napkins first. 

A few other dishes I enjoy include their tea leaf eggs, deep fried milk, steamed rice rolls, purple glutinous rice with sago and mango sago with pomelo. 

Great for dine in or take out. Prices are reasonable.Ǿ
Sweet Culture is another one of the Chinese Dessert place.. opens late in the afternoon till 1 to 2 AM.

It is excellent choice to drop by for an afternoon snacks or a midnight snacks! There are also quite a good choice of fresh fruits desserts on the menu. Healthy and Tasty, what a good combination!

Dropped by here on a Sunday afternoon. A lot of the table ordering their special afternoon noodle set that let you pick your own ingredients and comes with a drink.

Me.. I opt for the Herbal Turtle Jelly with Fresh Fruits ($7.50) Thanks God.. though there are only 3 kinds of fruits watermelon, cantaolpe and honeydew diced up in small cubes but at least they are all fresh! What a good snack!

I would for sure to be back to try Durian Sago Mixed ($4.50) next time!

The seats and the tables are wooden without cushions so not really comfy however the services are nice and friendly!

They accepts Cash only!Ǿ
Came here for some "dun dan" (stewed egg with milk) and stewed egg white with milk. 

There was absolutely no taste. No egg flavour, no sweetness. By no sweetness, I mean literally nary a grain of sugar was added to it. I mean, I could have been eating a hard boiled egg. 

The four people in our party tried everyone else's dish to confirm and everyone came to the same conclusion. 

We told the server, who told the cook at the back. Through the open door to the kitchen, we watched the chef shove his finger in the batch at the back and lick it. Seems sanitary. 

The server came back and said, "I tried it at the back and it's sweet." we explained that we weren't merely saying it wasn't sweet enough; we were saying it wasn't sweet at all, point blank, period. We asked her to try ours if she doubted us, and she just said "Well, I tried it at the back and it was sweet."

And that's the difference in service between Chinese restaurants and American restaurants. You tell a server at an American place and they'll try to offer solutions, apologies, and take the constructive criticism and run with it. You tell a server at a Chinese restaurant and their response is effectively, "Nope."

In addition to there not being enough sugar, the egg white orders were definitely overcooked and the texture was rough and the surface was all bubbled and not smooth. But I mean, they probably would've said, "I'm looking at it and it's perfect."

Service and the egg dishes get one star, but the deep fried milk cubes, the only good thing we ordered, bumps them up to two.Ǿ
Ginger milk has no ginger flavour in it. The milk isn't silky and soft like it's supposed to taste. 

The black jelly is from a can. The watermelon is also from the can. 

Nothing is fresh. 

Don't come. Bye.