**Note the West Bell Rd location has been closed for some time now***Ǿ
I will admit, my first visit here probably biased me rather severely towards this place.  I had just moved to Glendale, AZ from NY.  It had been a rough trip, it was late, and I had just finished unpacking.  I wanted food like nothing else.

So, right down the street, my brother and I come across the happily lit sign saying "3 Margaritas".  Not a chain or a place we'd ever heard of, and that was good enough.  We went in and were greeted warmly by their very friendly server.  As soon as we were settled chips, salsa, and refried beans appeared before us.  Some wonderful organic margaritas showed up soon thereafter.

The food itself was excellent.  I had one of their specials made of chorizo, which I remember being quite impressed by.  I've been back many times since, and everything I've tried has been delicious.  The service has always been excellent.  And the portions are generous, but not overwhelmingly so.  With the exception of the burrito loco.  That is one giant(and crazy) burrito.Ǿ
I went once and I will never go back again. The service was horrible. The waiter did not speak English well and kept pointing at whoever he was talking to when taking our order. The margaritas were syrup-ie and not very good. The worse part was the food. The food did not taste like Mexican food and none of us (there were four of us) liked what we ordered. I will never go here again after that first experience. Don't recommend going here at all.Ǿ
I think this place is great, especially since the new owners took over.

Maria and Albino are almost always around to greet you and they're warm and friendly.

Good drink (GREAT MARGARITAS!) and very good traditional food. Big portions too for those of us getting tired a restaurants that treat Mexican food like it's nouvelle cuisine.

Great place.

Thanks guys.Ǿ
3 Margaritas has a new name...  El Presidente

I cannot comment on the past food but the new food (same menu) was good. 

Thursday night heading towards Valle Luna and I made an executive decision to go to new place on Bell and 51st Ave. 

We were greeted and sat right away. There was a live band playing and plenty of people eating. 

The chips and salsa were good, the kids liked the bean dip they give with the chips. We ordered some hot sauce too. It was a little too hot for me. LOL

Kids had a bean and cheese burrito served with rice and beans. The odd thing was the melted cheese on the outside of the burrito. Both kids liked the meal. 

Angie, my sexy wife, had a Green Chile Pork Chimi. She said it was OK but missing something. I tasted it and couldn't  figure out the missing ingredient either. Served with R&B.

I had a Shredded Beef Taco and Chicken Enchilada with R&B. The taco was light and crisp with a nice flavor to the beef. The Enchilada was good, the red sauce was good too. 

They also gave us two Flans to share. I thought it was really cool. I had never had flan but thought it was OK. I am not a huge sweet type fan. 

$30 bucks before tip. Would I go back? Sure but not a place I would crave.Ǿ
This place is no longer in business, but the building is occupied by the restaurant "The Place"Ǿ
This place was creepy and horrible!!! The fountain out front splashed on everyone as they walked by in the front of the restaurant.   Then when we walked in all three waitors were all standing in a circle by the bar talking and laughing with eachother.   We were seated in a booth with broken down seats.  The salsa had too much pepper and the chips were all broken crumbs.  I ordered pollo fundito, when i actually got my food after an hour wait it was gross with plain creamcheese and actually square peices of kraft american cheese slices. My boyfriends order was messed up as well.  The waiter was an authentic mexican that didnt understand english and there was only one other couple eating at that dump.  Never will i go to this place again....gross!Ǿ
We have been eating at 3 Margaritas for a long, long time. We eat lunch or dinner and typically we are there during the weeknights or weekdays. First, expect to be greeted warmly and seated promptly. Another waiter arrives with chips and salsa. Nice! Portions are very generous. The food is always good and sometimes it is really spectacular (depending on what you order). We were there just the other night and they got to spectacular. Kids menus and crayons help keep the little ones busy (as do the chips and salsa). We were greeted by the manager/owner as well as many repeated visits by our waiter asking if we needed anything else. Family environment, too. We recommend! We are glad we are so close! --Reviewed by Paula, The UPS Store, 5350 W. Bell Rd.Ǿ
First off, they put the salsa on a small plate making it impossible to dip the chips into. Ask for a small bowl instead.

Other than that, the restaurant was great for a casual tuesday evening dinner. J and I shared the albondigas soup, a mexican meatball soup. The broth was light and tasty. I had a seafood dish--the dos something (can't remember the name)--which was on the spicy side, but not too much. shrimp, bay scallops, and mushrooms in a spicy tomatoe sauce with refried beans and rice. J had the tamales and he asked for both chicken and beef but they combined the chicken and beef inside the tamales which he thought was "awesome." 

There was an older gentleman playing the guitar and singing in the background and that was pleasant. Great place if you want a casual meal that's a step above Chipotle.Ǿ
So apparently everything has changed at our favorite neighborhood Mexican place.  The last 2 times we were the food was terrible!  3 Margarita's officially broke my heart and I am unwilling to get hurt again!Ǿ
3 Margaritas is an old stand-by for me.  The food is pretty good and their salsa is full of chunky good stuff (I like chucks of tomato and onion in my salsa).  What I really like is their mariachi guy, he is very talented with a clear strong voice.  

This place may not be my absolute favorite Mexican food, but it is pretty good and I find myself here a lot. The beans and red sauce are yummy and I am a red sauce kind of girl.  There are a lot of traditional dishes to choose from and the menu is extensive and full of things that I don't see at other Mexican food joints. 

The decor isn't that creative, but they have a wall of booths snuggled up to a large row of windows. It's neat to eat here on a stormy day, because you can watch the storm move in.  Lastly, I have never had to wait for a table because it's pretty big with lots of room, so it never gets completely filled up.Ǿ
I was in town for my sisters graduation. Had some lunch here, wasn't bad but nothing memorable. Reminded me of an El Compadre of Arizona but less tasty. Not to many people in here on a Friday afternoon for lunch but from the looks of this place it gets busy at night where they feature local "mexican artists". Next time?