Manaager rude AF and food was awful. The only good thing is the candy they give you with the bill.笑
Found this turtle jacks tucked away from the main street, easy to miss.

Greeting/waiting staff were very friendly and attentive... Food arrived quickly and reasonably hot considered we were sitting in the patio area.

Portions were smaller than what I typically expect for the price, but quality and taste made up for it.  Enjoyed the meal.

Butter chicken was a tiny bit more tomato-y than I'm used to but very tasty.  Calamari was light in the batter, tasty and not oily - all around good meal.

Recommend this place - but not sure how service and quality are affected by busy times, we went lunch on a Saturday.

Give it a try.笑
This is my go-to for lunch. Their chicken wrap is amazing and their New York butter sauce is the greatest wing sauce I've ever had. Staff are friendly and the location is convenient. Those who have a sweet tooth should definitely try the fire and ice dessert. The cinnamon crusted vanilla ice cream is to die for and the caramel toffee sauce is probably the best thing you'll ever taste. Be warned, it is very sweet and a huge portion!笑
Second visit and the burger with cheese and bacon wasn't as good as I remembered. The burger was pretty charred, cheese was barely detected , burger wasn't seasoned enough, thin onion rings on top was bland and breading was falling off. Fries were also overly salted. I don't know if they switched chefs or if its just an off night but drastic difference from first visit.笑
Great service at this location.  We usually order appetizers and share.  Good value for the money you are spending and love the wait staff there笑
Service = 3 star, a bit on the slow side
Food = 2.5-3 star, nothing too exciting, the fish that i ordered was a little dry
Price = 2 star
Decor = 3.5 star

Honestly speaking, I would expect a little better food at this price range.  Nothing too exciting.笑
I was thinking this place wouldn't be as good as I thought walking in! Good thing they proved me wrong! 

Anyways I got the berry mojito and it was really good (4)
My aunt got the blue raspberry martini which she enjoyed 

To start I shared a warm goat cheese appetizer with my cousin (4.5) - not as good as the kegs but still wonderful components on the dish , they roasted the garlic and tomatoes for flavor plus on that and also fig jam which I've been loving in my meals! 

Garlic Caesar (4) - pretty good Caesar salad, my brother always orders these now 

Tomato, basil and prosciutto grilled cheese (4) - this was also very good, used proper bread and it was flavorful just wish they didn't pile on the cheese soooooo heavy and put more basil 

Others got wings, burgers, or wraps which they all enjoyed!笑
Pretty good food, with amazing service! Came by on a rainy night with some friends, as we somehow decided on this restaurant. Had been here a couple times before, so knew what to expect. 

Was welcomed right when we got in, and had to wait a couple minutes for a table, but the manager came to apologize right away! Sat down and our server greeted us and let us know about the menu. I wasn't sure if I want the Coors Banquet which was on special, so she brought over a sample for me to try! Always nice!

I ordered the Bison Meatloaf, and my friends had the Bison Burger and Wings. All were quite good, but my Bison Meatloaf was delicious, as the meatloaf was nice and soft, and was wrapped in bacon! Everything is better with bacon. Wings were amazing, and the NY Butter Sauce was great. We wanted to try it, so the server gave us some on the side to try!

Overall a great night, but was made better with exceptional service from our amazing server! Definitely a nice location to sit and have dinner if you're looking for some American food.笑
Hosted my company's Christmas party at Turtle Jack's and I'm really satisfied with how the staff took care of us.

We (27 people) were given our own semi closed off area with a tv and felt right at home with good food and good company while watching the leafs game (boo leafs! Go Habs go!). 

The manager was super kind to hook us up with two free veggie nachos and I truly appreciate his customer service. As a meal, I had the shepherd's pie from the seasonal menu and found it filling and great for the price. 

I highly suggest Turtle Jack's as an alternative to the crowded hwy7&404 crowded plaza as there is quite a variety of food on the menu and there are ample parking spots!笑
What a disaster.  Slow service.  4 of 6 meals wrong.  Management does not care.  Inconsistent flavours of wings.笑
This is not a restaurant to go to if you are in a large group. We had lunch here with about 30 people which they were not able to handle. It took over an hour for us to receive our food. The food was nothing special and in most cases was probably sitting on a warmer for much longer than needed. Food did not arrive at the same time. Hungry eyes watching others eat. Our VP was not happy. We never returned here again for our department functions.笑
Our dining experience was middle of the road.  We ordered fish and chips and a pot roast sandwich.  Both were rather well made and tasted decent.  For the price, the sandwich was small in portion, yet it was sufficient to fill my BF up.  The batter of the fried fish was good.  It was crunchy and not too oily.  The Haddock was bland though.  Services on a Thursday evening was adequate.

Turtle Jack's attempts to deliver a notch up over Montana. Food, decoration, atmosphere, services.笑
I have love hate relationship with this place.

Boyfriend and I went here twice and swore we'd never go back. The service was horrible - slow, didn't refill my water (very important to me) or any other drinks, took forever just to get their attention. The food...too dry, too salty, cold. My pasta was swimming in oil not once but twice. It was just horrible.

After a few months, we had no idea what to eat...maybe turtle club (as I so dearly call it)? So we went, and it wasn't gross or slow.

Especially since I've changed my order. 

I now order the four cheese chicken penne without the chicken. Instead I substitute it with the blackened basa fillet. It is so, so good. So good.

Since I've changed my order, they haven't charged me extra for the substitution (which I'm glad. I'd raise a ruckus if they start charging me), and I enjoy my experience there so much more.

Go try it (if you're not in a rush)!笑
Be aware of the slow service.  We waited for more than one hour in order to have our orders taken.  We had a large group, but it was a slow Sunday night anyway with fewer than 30 customers in the entire restaurant, so I don't understand why it would take forever for our server to come.

Food was very bland as well.  

The final bills were messed up so it took a while to get them sorted out.

I would not come back.笑
I usually come here for the wings but I thought I'd change it up and try their burgers. 

I opted for the 'banhfire' burger which was a turkey burger dressed up like a Vietnamese sandwich. I upgraded my fries to have beef, cheese, and sour cream on them!

The burger was tasty but a bit dry. It had cilantro in the burger and a pickled carrot slaw. The fries were delicious. I would stick to the wings next time笑
A nice enough place... the moejito  was really watered down. I had the pad Thai,  not their signature dish, but I was not too hungry. It was OK, It just didn't have much heat or peanutty taste as I expected. The sauce was also way too sweet for me.  The other fellows at our table had the ribs, a burger, a silrloin steak and fish and chips and everyone was happy saying it was good.  The burger was visually stunning as it was a tower of food. If it was up to me I wouldn't come here often, but I did find it OK. 3 generous stars.笑
Went there with a large group to celebrate a co-workers retirement. They were ready for us at the time of our reservation as guests started trickling in.

Our server was really good at managing the group, taking our orders, and keeping it all organized.

The food was good, above average, but maybe not outstanding. Presentation was nice.

I would go back.笑
If I was in a position of power, I'd arrest this place for the service. Absolutely reprehensible. We're seated, all's fine until low and behold, we'd be like this for the next 15 minutes. In the front of the restaurant! Finally a server arrives, and asks for drinks. Not mind numbingly painful, but not respectable either. 5 minutes 33 seconds I timed. Next comes waiting for our orders. It took 25 minutes to bring the plates out, then another 10 for food! We had explicitly asked for salad with dressing on the side, and this "strange request" wasn't noted. We ask if we can have another, and it would take 20 minutes! FOR A @#$%&%$ SALAD! Somebody get Ramsay in here! The Blackened chicken got the order right, but was quite a small portion. Chicken wings had no seasoning or flavor, just small badly fried chicken. Ribs looked like they were tanning for hours, small and remarkably dry. Kids pasta was fine, but lacked a substantial portion of vegetables for the side. I had the Bison Burger and while a decent size, tasted nothing like advertised. Tomato soup had soggy croutons and no cheese. But the worst travesty was the side. IF ONE DIDNT KNOW, LOBSTER MASHED POTATOES HAVE LOBSTER IN THEM, imagine that Einstein! Not a sliver of lobster in both sides, just "Mashed Potatoes". Nothing on em, just potatoes. A refill for water took another 15 minutes, but by then we were conditioned to the torture. Please, I beg of you don't go here. I really wanted this place to be great, but hey, optimism is unrealistic at Turtle Jacks. 

1.5/5

Pros:
Atmosphere
Supporting the weak

Con's:
Service
Food
Everything else that you need for a good restaurant笑
Turtle Jack's is packed on Friday night! It was difficult even finding a parking spot in the little plaza it's located in.

Here's a summary of what went down:
1. Very dark inside - not sure whether they're trying to give off a romantic vibe or trying to make it difficult for you to see what you're eating. 
2. My Blackened Basa was a little bit dry but went well with the potato puree and guacamole on top
3. Friend #1 thought that his Bison Meatloaf was way too salty. 
4. Friend #2 thought that his burger was very dry 
5. Friend #3 thought that her buffalo fingers were 'meh' 
6. Servers are very friendly and didn't mind splitting bills for us.

Prices are similar to Jack Astor's, Moxies, Montanas and Earls, but food was truly 'meh'.笑
Always wanted to try this restaurant. Interior design is smart and elegant. We were greeted as soon as we step foot inside and were taken to our table. Our waitress was very attentive, enthusiastic and professional. We had the fresh quac and salsa with nachos to start and a classic burger, haddock and cold and tomato soup and ceased salad as mains. Portions are generous. Probably would order two dishes next time for us three. I'd say they are somewhere between Montana's and Jack Astor. Would be back, I'll try some desserts this time.笑
3.5

Slow service
Waitress spilled my Guiness on me
She was cute but she was talking with her hands.....it was bound to happen and i knew it!!!!! i purposely moved my Guinness so she would not knock it and took a sip, stupidly i put the drink back...2 secs later BAM LOL she was cute though so she was lucky but we never got cutlery to eat our goat cheese app, it took her awhile to take our order.  Once we ordered we got the food in good time.
the wings were tasty but there's no wing night there??? hello!! 

all in all not bad, i would go for the wings again.笑
Turtle Jacks is one of my favorite restaurants for Canadiana cuisine. I've been to Vaughan and Brampton locations however this Markham location takes the cake!!

Its interior is well appointed and upscale looking. Dark woods and frosted birch tree glass accents adorn the space. There's a good mix of seating from tables to booths. Its design is modern and the menu is extensive and creative I'd describe it as a mix of Keg/Kelsey/Jack Astors. 

Turtle Jacks menu offers the familiar with their twist on things; you got your ribs, wings, burgers, and sandwiches. 

We were there at lunch and ordered the grilled cheese pot roast sandwich w/coleslaw. And the wing sandwich with lobster mashed potatoes on the side. These were both delicious.

To cap the meal we ordered the fried cheese cake to share. Cheesecake has a light fried torte crust surrounding it. 

It was my first visit here but certainly not my last. 

Recommend!笑
A regular here at Turtle Jack's whether it's a Friday or Saturday night.  I love the ambience of this restaurant, especially with the heated fireplace once you walk into the restaurant.  You are always greeted within moments of stepping foot inside but you can usually find me in the bar area.  I only came here a couple of times for dinner but I have never been disappointed with the food.  The Chicken Fingers and the Blackened Chicken on Naan are my go-to dishes and I highly recommend them.  I've also tried their Beef Barley Soup, which I'm obsessed over, when I want something to warm me up.  As for dessert and to satisfy my sweet tooth, I HIGHLY recommend their Skor Brownie Obsession or their Fire 'N Ice as it is to die for!! I have yet to try any of their other desserts because I can't get enough of their Skor Brownie Obsession.  As for their drinks, the daily drinks specials are lacking a little.. The specials that they offer on Fridays and Saturdays are not that great, in my opinion.  If they had pitchers of beer or wine specials, I'd come on a daily basis.  But I mainly come after dinner just to hang out and have a drink with some friends and watch the basketball games.  The customer service here is phenomenal and being a regular, we always have the same waitress serving us, Julisa.  She loves what she does, she's enthusastic and friendly and very approachable. She's also always on top of topping you off with another drink or anything else you may need to make your experience a good one.  They also offer a TLC loyalty card, which entitles you to collect points so you can recieve a dollar amount credited to your loyalty card. All I have to say is, check out Turtle Jack's cause everyone needs some TLC!笑
The first time I was at this location I was quite surprised. It wasn't like the other Turtle Jack's i've been to. You are welcomed by attractive hostesses in short dresses opening the front door for you which makes you think... am I in Moxie's? Once inside, you are surrounded by nice decor in a dim, warm atmosphere which is quite different from the Vaughn location i've been to. They have a separate side for lounge/bar area as well. 

On to the food. I got two words.... FRIED PICKLES!! They are the BEST here and i've tried many fried pickles. Only downside is, the fried pickles alone cost more than their dessert menu at $8.99 and you only get one huge pickle cut into 6. Well worth it in my opinion though. 

So what is Turtle Jack's knowned for other than fried pickles? I would have to say their wings... crispy, saucy and meaty. Their ribs and steaks are good as well although I wouldn't say it's the best.  Their dessert menu contains a wide variety of chocolaty items but I would recommend the deep fried cheesecake. It's cheesecake filling wrapped in small crepes and fried. Delicious! 

As for the service. Their service is good and the waiters make sure that you are happy with your meal. Although the first time I went to this location, the waiter we had was very very annoying. It is good for a waiter to ask how's the food but to ask that question 10 times while we were there... irritating. Not to hate on the guy but if the food was great the first time you ask, why the hec would you ask the same question 2min later and 2min later after that one?! The worse is, he'll interrupt your conversation with your friends just to ask how the food is doing. Fortunately, I did not see that waiter the second time I went back... which probably means he's fired for being the most annoying waiter in the world. 

Would I recommend this place? Without a doubt! Although it does seem that certain waiters are still in training and lacks knowledge of menu items but they make up for that with the fried pickles except for that annoying waiter I had... nothing can make up for that.笑
Had the Big Bang shrimp tacos for lunch with the house salad. It was okay I guess. The filling for the tacos were good but the soft shell taco was dry and kind of stale....I'm wondering if the tried to toast the shell? Or perhaps it sat under the heat lamp too long. My friend got the salmon burger and it seemed alright. Paid and extra 3.99 to sub in lobster mashed potatoes for fries and it definitely wasn't worth it for the tablespoon worth you get. Prices were too high for the quality and type of food you could at any other franchise chain.笑
Out for a bite with a friend and decided to try the resto despite the odd moniker (tortoise flapjacks/mystery nuggets?). Came for the Muskoka grill and a rustic vibe, but left feeling cold.


ATMOSPHERE
 

Like an upscale Kelsey's or Jack Astors, the palce has oodles of room. Bar area with high tables, high booths; seating area with lots of booths. Décor includes fireplaces random bits of fake birch logs, check check, shiny rustic look, check. Good for groups to watch the game, dinner with family, even good for a date.
 

FOOD

As per the usual for a resto like this, vaguely Italian with fried food, some tacos and random 'exotic' influences like butter chicken and bison meatloaf. Being a health nerd and it being late, I went for a salad. I will say now, there is little I hate worse than a lazy salad at a restaurant. Iceberg lettuce with 1/6th of a green bell pepper and a flake or two of nut and cheese? Salad purgatory, table for one, please.

 I ordered the field greens. Not eighth level of hell bad, but it wasn't good. Iceberg or romaine? Couldn't tell. Didn't care. Boring in taste and appearance, despite toppings of beets, sunflower seeds, shredded carrots and cherry tomatoes. Chincy portions on the topping as well. Not worth my $8.99.

 
SERVICE

 This was where the experience really fell flat for us. My friend's salad (looking equally lackluster) came with a sad piece of salmon on top, which upon an adventurous slice, was very undercooked. Nearly raw. Our server, having been flagged down (after trying insincerely to upsell my order with drinks), apologized then said ' oh we'll just throw it back on the grill for you'. Um, ok. Then she comes back with a small plate, asks my friend to help her put just the salmon on it, which she does, then she takes it away. Ten minutes later she returns with the sad piece of salmon, which is now cooked. At the end, we waited for 20 minutes trying to find her so we could leave, then when she reappeared she messed up my friend's bill. Extremely disappointing with no effort to make amends.


LOCATION

Close to the 404 exit on 16th between Woodbine and Leslie, it is a thick nest of traffic lights away from my east Markham home, but an easy ride up the highway from the city core. Not visible easily from 16th , look for the Fraticelli sign instead.


OVERALL

Not going back, unless it's a group thing someone else is organizing!笑
Came here for dinner with a group deal voucher.  It was fully packed on a Friday night, with a 30 mins. waiting time when I went. 

Ordered the rib & wing combo, which comes with the option of 2 sides (baked potatoes, fries, mashed potatoes, soup, salad): ($23.99)

The ribs: Baton Rouge sauce (Cajun & Honey Mustard)
Wings: Original signature NY butter sauce
Mashed potatoes
French onion  soup

I love the fact that you can customize your wings the way you like them. With the options of Roasters (Larger wings) and Fryers (Smaller, classic style) and the amount of sauce you want applied on it. The NY butter sauce was amazing. Definitely a must try.

French onion soup was good, though it was a huge slice of mozerrella cheese on top, which was tough to eat through. 

The ribs were fall off the bone goodness. I enjoyed the flavouring too. 

For dessert, I tried the deep fried cheesecake with whipped cream ($5.99). Honestly, it tasted like a FBI (Fried banana w/ icecream), but worse. 

I would definitely come back, especially for the wings.笑
Turtle Jacks in Muskoka is great, has a beautiful patio and on a warm day is always packed.  The franchised copies, such as this one, are comparable to all the Moxies / Earls type places.  It has a bar area with TVs and the menu is a mix of pretty much every cuisine.  

They have a couple good dishes here.  The wings are done very well.  Fish tacos, not bad.  A lot of the other food is very heavy and sometimes greasy.笑
Its lobster season and it seems like everyone has lobster specials on the menu.

Lobster grilled cheese sandwich $16.99 - when it arrived I said to myself  "where's the rest of it?" The sandwich was tiny, the coleslaw was even smaller and the lobster meat was mashed into pieces and very limited in portion. The week before I had a lobster grilled cheese sandwich at Jake's on Main and everything there was huge. It was a triple-decker sandwich with big chucks of lobster and a huge serving of fries or salad for $14.99. At Turtle Jack's I was really disappointed with the lobster grilled cheese sandwich because Jake's set the bar way too high but it tasted okay at least.

Lobster salad $16.99 - you can actually see lobster in this dish but nothing really to point out.

Service was friendly and relatively quick.笑
Came here with my family for a meal. Venue is clean and pretty well lit. Atmosphere is casual and friendly. I made a reservation earlier and arrived early, we were seated quickly. 

We placed our order after a short wait. I wanted my burger with fries and gravy, my dad ordered the shrimp and scallop pasta. My mom ordered the blackened basa (sorry, no picture). Food arrived very quickly and it was piping hot, the way we like it. Flavour is decent and not overpowering. 

The server checked on us often to ensure we were looked after. The hostess was quick on her feet too whenever we couldn't locate our server. Overall experience is great and we will definitely come back.笑
Decent place, though a tad on the pricier side for the quantity your getting. 

Pretty standard fair though the menu is as small as the portions they give.

I would come here again, as it's a convenient location, service was quick and friendly and is pretty spacious, but i would never personally suggest coming here. 

Not the best, not the worse but definitely has room for improvement笑
From salad to hot app to entre nothing was done right.

Salad is soft and sad, salty, really don't understand how they managed to make salad salty.

We had cheese dip and wings as hot app. Cheese dip has no cheese... more like sour cream with salt. Lots of it, u can really taste the salt.

 Wings are tiny, fairly crispy and ain't too bad compare to other disasters.

We got steak. Overly done, dry, extremely salt, we ordered medium rear, it came chewy. 

Wine is fair, alcohol pour is short, beer is watery.

Save your money go somewhere else. Too bad ain't any option for negative star, giving this place a star is such a joke.笑
A great Resturant where the atmosphere makes you feel like your at a cottage.

The service is better than most other restaurants. Waitress Laurence was one of those examples, my mother was very specific and harsh with her order, she acted like it was nothing and always answered with a smile. :)


Upon entry, we ordered and was given a FREE guacamole dip entre. They said it was part of their tradition they give this entree to new customers. 

It was Halloween and there was a sale on ribs with 2 additional entrees. The dip was NOT part of those 2 entrees :D. The ribs were SOOOO good. You could say I had a foodgasm. The ceasar salad was so so crispy with REAL bacon unlike the other franchises salads. The fries were also VERY crisp. We gave Laurence a huge tip because the service so astounding. 

You MUST come here before your life ends. No jokes.笑
I've dined here three times. The first two times were decent dining experiences. This review though is reflective of my last and final visit. Unfortunately my last visit was one of the worst dining experiences I've had in quite some time. There are a few things that makes a dinner an enjoyable experience. The atmosphere, the food, the service, the price and of course the location. This restaurant failed in a few of these areas.

The atmosphere at Turtle Jacks is nice. It suits my tastes. The restaurant has low lightning giving the feeling of comfort, it's decorated well and quite clean. No issues there. This location also has a nice patio that is covered. A perfect setting if the weather is just right.

The food was fair. In some ways it was decent, in others it was terrible. My wife and I had burgers, which were decent. My in laws had ordered the fish and chips. The fish was way overcooked, chewy and generally untasty they told me. The coleslaw that came with it was also chewy and lacked general taste.

The service was ok. Again not great. We were seated right away but had to wait longer than normal for our meals once we ordered. And after waiting for a lengthy time, my dinner was not brought to me. They had a "glitch" in the system and it wasn't made. So they brought my in laws food and they ate their food only after I insisted they start without me. After 10 minutes my burger finally arrived. Although they gave me fries on the side to munch on while I waited for my burger, the fries that came with my meal were cold. Our waitress was nice enough but charged us for my meal. It was only removed from the bill by the manager when we asked for it for free. It should've been taken care of off the bill to begin with. The staff apologized a few times, sincerely. We weren't terribly impressed though.

The prices are ok, and are par with other franchises similar to this style of dining. Location is good too. Just head a few mins west on 16th Ave, west of the 404.

Overall. Don't go here. Try somewhere else.笑
Disappointing service.  Food was good but expensive.  They had to reimburse us for the meal because manager felt so bad.笑
We went here for my birthday.  It was mid afternoon so almost empty.
The decor is very pleasant and seem quite new.
I had the prime rib philly which was fantastic and I thought a good price as it also included a small cesar salad ($13.49)  The bun was very fresh and nicely toasted....so many great flavours to enjoy.

My hubby had the garlic shrimp and sea scallop pasta and he enjoyed it as well.

All around it was a great dining experience!笑
I'd never been to a Turtle Jacks before this visit, but when one opened up around the corner from one of my friends we decided to check it out. The interior was nice and warm, a little dim even in the bar but it gave you a nice sense of privacy. The staff were all attentive and friendly and provided some good advice for our selections. 

I ordered fish and chips, they came a little greasy fries were a little over done. But still pretty good, all things considered, and I'd give them another try in the future. But probably not until I tried a few other things off of the pretty diverse and unique menu.笑
OMG fish and chips are amazing here one of my fav places to eat out at
Presentation also every time is great and definitely makes the meal more appetizing笑
I work near this bar & grill place. I usually catch sports games on work breaks here or go out with coworkers after work for drinks and appetizers.

The place is very clean and very tastefully decorated, like all Turtle Jack locations that I have been to. The menu is what you would expect from a good establishment of this kind. It also has a few more exotic dishes, if you like that. I have eaten various dishes off the menu, all very tasty.

I recommend you try the Skor Brownie Obsession for dessert. It's just fantastic.

The staff is always friendly. Service may be a bit slow at busy times, but always attentive.笑
Came here for a quick dinner on a Sunday night and was not impressed.

The service was SO slow. We waited at the door for a minute or two before a hostess showed up to bring us to a table. Then it look 10 mins for the waitress to come take our order, and another 25 mins till the food came. It wasn't even that busy, there were only a couple of tables. 

The food was alright. Nothing to write home about. We ordered the fish tacos, the Bison meatloaf and chicken wings. The fish taco had way too much lettuce compared to the other ingredients. Bison meat loaf was ok. Wings were ok.

When we were ready to leave, of course it took like 10 mins for our waitress to come by for us to be able to ask for the bill.

Probably won't come back again.笑
I came here for lunch this Saturday and had the fish tacos - O...M.....G they were AMAZING. The atmosphere here is great - it's got a high end bar feel with great prices and drink specials. I highly recommend this place!笑
We stumbled onto this restaurant 5 1/2 weeks ago, turned out it had opened just the night before on the Wednesday!  They had so many staff (training I guess) that it felt like we had walked into a wedding banquet and there were servers everywhere!  We were welcomed immediately by 2 hostesses, as they even opened the door for us.

The decor was great.  Apparently this is their flagship restaurant so the decor and menu items are more "up-scale".

The staff were very pleasant and attentive.  Some of them you could tell were new and a bit nervous, but they had that "eagerness" about them that was refreshing. Too often the "veteran" servers perform their job like robots, not here.  They were all out to impress, which was...impressive.  Even the manager came by 2 times to greet us personally.

The food was very tasty...maybe even too tasty!  Our first foray into their menu was the bison meatloaf and the turkey/brie/pear sandwich.  Both were excellent!

Since then, I have gone back 3 more times, so yes, that's once a week for 4 weeks straight.  Always on Thursdays to get $3.50 MGDs!  I missed last week, but am going again this week....so 5 out of 6 weeks isn't too bad!

Other menu items we've tried is the blackened sea bass (a bit too salty, but tasty.  I would suggest ordering it lightly seasoned), the wings and the roasters (choose the roasters, much more juicy, get the extra butter one, slightly grilled), the caesar salad, French onion soup,a bunch of appetizers, and almost all the desserts.  Definitely save room for dessert!!!  I can't remember what they are called now, but they are big, and very reasonably priced.

The washrooms are the cleanest of any restaurant I've been to, and the bar area is nice and roomy,  with a big bar and huge TVs.

One last comment about the decor, their servers and hostesses seem to be of the "attractive" variety...much like a Moxies.  

A must-try restaurant which is unique, with lots of menu choices, friendly servers, and reasonably priced.笑
Brand spankin' new!  I believe it opened just days ago.  I have never been to a restaurant so new, so I went for the new experience.

I will say up front that I have never been to a Turtle Jack's before, so I cannot make any comparisons.  My friend lives very close to this location, so we stopped in for some martinis ($3.00 on Thursdays, what's up!).

So let's talk about the martinis.  I tried them all, and to their credit they were pretty tasty, but at the same time they were not your proper cocktail bar effort.  Having said that, they were made decently stiff and we stumbled out pretty happily.  How many did I have?  I think it was 6.  I think.

As far as the food goes, we just wanted some finger food to share, so we ordered "bang bang shrimps", which were basically shrimps fried, then covered in chicken wings sauce.  They were pretty meh.  Not enough spice to their signature NY Butter Wing sauce, in my opinion.

So I am told that because this is a new location, the decor is much better than that of other Turtle Jacks.  Again, I can't draw any comparisons, but I will say that to me it looks more like a cheaper version of Milestones.  Staff were friendly, but they were going through some new restaurant teething pain (not knowing what is available on the menu, not juggling tables properly, etc).

Honestly, I am not a fan of most Canadian chain restaurants.  This is one of those that I am not a fan of, and I don't see myself having a repeat visit (except for Thursdays, of course).笑
I'm pretty much a regular at the Turtle Jacks Vogell location. That's the go to spot for the Crew. Central location to catch NBA games. The service is excellent, couldn't be happier with the waitresses at Turtle Jacks. Food is pretty good and decent in portion sizes. My only and biggest complaint is the drink specials menu. They are awful!! Especially for Fridays and Saturdays. Who wants Long Island iced teas to watch sports games?? Like common...you can do better. I almost feel bad for your servers who are probably having hard time selling those kind of specials. Business would increase drastically if u had better drink specials. Believe me!! @TurtleJacks @TurtleJacksVrd #TurtleJacks #AwfulSpecials #TerribleDailyDrinks Take advise from valued customers, Jimstar out!!笑
I have been to Turtle Jack's three times now and it's about time they got my Yelp. They have the best wings I have ever had, or can recall in recent years. I've eaten at every wing place in the city and I get the most satisfaction out of TJ's. 

I feel part of their success with their wings derives from the notion that they allow you some customization with your order, in addition to the fact that their so damn satisfying. For example, you have the option to order the "Roasters" - large wings, or "Fryers" classic style size wings. Secondly, you can have them "Dusted" - a light/crispy coating on the wings, or "Regular" - as is. Thirdly! You can request that your wings are thrown on the BBQ to get that authentic Q flavour, or baked in the convection oven to really bake the flavour right into the wing. All these options are up to you, and although it may seem confusing or overwhelming, it doesn't take a rocket scientist to figure out you want Roasters Dusted on the Q, or in the Oven. 

TJ's boasts a plethora of  sauces which are mostly damn good and simply named if I may add - simple wing sauces seem to be a thing of the past when nowadays you get sauce names like Farmer's Daughter and Montezuma's Revenge. Truthfully, I'm a sucker for corn rows and manicured toes, actually no that's Nelly. I'm a sucker for buffalo sauce on my wings, simply butter w/ Frank's Red Hot. On a scale of hotness from 1 to 10 I'd rate Frank's at 3, I don't order Buffalo sauce for Frank's heat, rather the tartness which derives from the high vinegar content. It fuses with the butter so well I'm in heaven like Fred Astaire whenever I slay it. Damn it, I just drooled into my keyboard fak. 

Buffalo sauce at TJ's is called "NY Butter Sauce", and you can order it "Extreme" and they will make it a bit spicier for you. Other great sauces are their original BBQ, Hotter than Hot, Baton Rouge, Ross sauce (chili/honey) and Red Thai Chili. Overall I reckon the wings to be bombness and I think I've spoken enough about them. 

Next we talk apps quickly. The onion rings are the biggest I have ever seen in my life. They are roughly the size of huge donuts and arrived perfectly crisp. I did however ask the waitress to ensure the rings were well done because TJ's fries are horrendous. They are not double fried so the insides are like mashed potatoes. Half cooked fries are probably my biggest pet peeve in the eating out game, and I have no tolerance for it. Onion Rings are great to share and I can not emphasize how big they are. The order will come with 5-6 rings, equivalent to probably 15 average sized ones. 

In terms of steaks, ribs etc. at this restaurant I haven't tried anything besides what I mentioned above. The fried pickles are apparently incredible, however the price point is way off at $9.99, if I'm not mistaken you get 1 pickle cut into 6 pieces then deep fried. How did they come to that valuation? Kevin O'Leary of Dragon's Den would blast them if he found out. 

In closing, a nice cozy spot to slay some wings, a remixed Kelsey's if you would. Be warned this Vogell location is a test spot so what you experience at this location or what you have read here may not necessarily carry through at other venues.笑
This restaurant gets a 'Meh. I've have experienced better" rating because of the price.  It is definately not family friendly portions or prices.  Dinner felt more like lunch in terms of portion size.  I had an avocado turkey sandwich and it was not much different than what is offered at pickle barrel, but it cost about $3-$4 more.  In general I would say that is true of all their prices. Larger prices and smaller portions means I will not return here.  Decor is beautiful and it is nice for a date for young couples not concerned about price.笑
Excellent experience both times I have dined here with family. 

Our server was Amanda both times and she remembered us too. She was very friendly and answered any questions we had about the menu. She checked up on us and made sure everything was good throughout the whole meal. 

Ordered the Chicken Avocado Tacos with the Mac and Cheese. This is second time I've had the Mac and Cheese, it's delicious and baked to perfection. The tacos were good but would have liked the option of soft or hard tacos. 

Previously I've ordered the Bison Burger and it's an amazing burger. It is fairly priced as the patty is made out of bison, chuck, bacon and mixed with mushroom. It had good flavours and it was juicy not dry; it was the perfect combination. I would come back to eat this again. 

Overall, I had a wonderful experience each time both in service and the quality of food they have here. It's become one of my go to places. They also have daily drink specials so check the menu for that!笑
I had lunch there today with a colleague and a client.

Our server spoke really really really really really really fast and low and we had to keep asking her to repeat what she was saying.  You'd think after we asked her a couple times to repeat herself that she'd slow down.

I had the chicken parm again.  It was okay.  The Alfred pasta was good.  The chicken was a bit small and a bit burnt on the bottom and there was a lot of cheese on top.  I think I'll order something else if I go there again.笑
Ate here a few times recently. Must say, it was better than I thought. The chicken wings were the best I have eaten. Tried the Chicken Fajitas, Burger, Bisson meat loaf. All was very good. They have a brownie score dessert - simply amazing if you like chocolate. Service was good each time. Decent beer selection. A little pricey vs. your average pub menu but worth it in my opinion. Recommended.笑
Had a business lunch here today and was very pleasantly surprised! 3 of ordered the fish tacos and two others in my group ordered blackened chicken salad! Food was flavorful and excellent! 

Big downside is absolutely no parking at lunchtime as too many businesses in this plaza!笑
Is there a secret code for guys to take you on a first date here?? I've been taken here for 3 different first dates- like they'll come pick me up and just go to turtle jack's with no warning. So it's literally deja vu over and over again.
Meh, I didn't mind.

Turtle jacks has a dark and muskoka atmosphere; it's a nice, cozy environment and I can definitely see why all the ladies men choose to take their lady friends here. The service at turtle jack's is pretty consistent- never AMAZING but never rude. I remember once my date for the night and I stayed behind way after last call, and the waiters all put up the chairs (a sign meaning "..hey.. you can go whenever now..") but they never rushed us out. 

The food is ok.. nothing to brag about but nothing gross. I've had their chicken fingers here, which was meh (I prefer mcdonald's nuggets to be honest). I've also had their greek salad with chicken on top. Also meh, nothing memorable. 

In the end, all I can say is this restaurant is 'A-ok'笑
Dropped by Turtle Jacks on  Wednesday during lunch time... had no idea what I want to eat or what I should be eating.....

Then I saw the Wednesday Beer and Burger Specials... so for $13.99 you can pick any burger on the menu (of course I won't be eating the basic one...) with a pint of domestic!!

I usually try not to drink before sunset, especially the day after an Elite party! But I am weak, I just could not resist a special...so be it! Let's drink beer!

Jalapeno Jack with Beer ($13.99)
- The patty was a little charred but not bad, at least the inside was not dry
- love the side choice of fries, salad or soup, which I choose the chicken gumbo to go with my spicy burger!

Services was good and professional.

Free Wifi and other specials every day! I might need to come back for the Happy Hour Specials : 50% off appetizers!!! and of course other drinks special too everyday!笑
I went to Turtle Jacks for the first time yesterday. It was my brother's birthday and our family had Groupon vouchers. Although I didn't know anyone who had tried this restaurant before, he said that a friend really liked the food. 
Walking in, I thought the decor and design was nice enough, standard sort of casual fine dining with sports channels on all the TVs and a wine cellar with glass doors. Sort of an upscale cabin interior. 
Anyway, the menu had a good selection of bar food, steakhouse, and gourmet sandwiches, etc. I ordered the fish tacos (they were out of my first choice, the bison meatloaf), my mom had the pot roast grilled cheese, my dad got the chipotle steak, and my brothers ordered the steak fajitas and a burger. Our sides included lobster mashed potatoes (which sounded really good), french onion soup, fries, and salad.
We had arrived at 7:30 and ordered a bit slowly. The server was very nice and when she didn't know the answer to how much an certain off-menu side would cost, she would go check for us immediately. 
After we ordered, we waited impatiently for our food as the different smells of food wafted out of the kitchen. At one point, I checked the time and realized that it was 8:30. We probably waited at least 45 minutes for our food to arrive. It wasn't a busy night either. There were probably about 5 or 6 other tables that were occupied in the large restaurant. 
When the food finally arrived, I was pleased with the portion sizes of everything. Everything was large, especially the grilled cheese and burger, except the steak, which looked quite tiny, but was very thick and filling. The grilled cheese was delicious, with tender pieces of meat and buttered and toasted bread.The tacos were juicy. The steak was mediocre, as was the burger. The fajitas were pretty good. As for the sides, the fries were amazing, thick and nicely crispy. The lobster mashed potatoes were also pretty great, with a couple large chunks of meat buried in the hot-sauce drizzled mound. The french onion soup was very filling, more edible than drinkable, really. The salad had nice pieces of bacon sprinkled on top. All in all, the food was worth the wait.
At the end, we were quite full but my brother got a free birthday brownie out of the evening. A warm Skor brownie with fudge, ice cream and whipped cream on top. Everyone had a bite and it was absolutely delicious.
I would recommend this place again but skip the steak which takes too long to cook. They have a good variety and the food is great and well-presented. The wait staff is friendly and the price point is average.