Ok so carmellas is a love hate type of restaurant. The quality of food isn't the best but not bad for the price. I used to hate this place but I go for dollar slice night almost every Tuesday and the staff is awesome! They take great care of my group of friends. They know our drinks and type of pizza we like before we even sit down. Love that quality of service, unfortunately not everyone will be going once a week to this location so it's a biased review but I must say I enjoy being taken care of.Ǿ
We stopped in on the way to the vet hospital.  We ordered a couple pepperoni slices and wings.  The pizza was ok, a little greasy.  Wings were dry.  You can definitely tell this is a hang out for neighborhood folks, which was kinda cute.Ǿ
We were heading to trivia when the boyfriend remembered Carmella's has a wing special on Wednesdays... Well, it's basically .50 a wing, so it's not that special, but it's decent... 

When you go to Carmella's, you walk in and the cash register is directly in front of you... You order and pay for your food and then you can seat yourself where you like... I went in, ordered 10 wings and 2 beers, paid and went to grab a seat... After about 10 minutes, I went back to the register because our beers still hadn't come out yet... Apparently, the bartender opened them and just left them sitting on the counter instead of bringing them out to us... Okay... After another 30 minutes with no wings, we ended up having to leave because we were on our way to another place... I went back up to the register to get a refund for the wings because we clearly were not going to have time to eat them... None of the employees knew how to do a refund to a credit card... They finally find the guy that knows how to do the refunds, so it gets started... After a couple minutes, I offered to just take cash back because it was my debit card, but they just acted like they didn't hear me... Maybe they didn't... Not only that, when I asked for the refund, no one asked why or even apologized for their shoddy service... They basically acted like I wasn't really standing there until she had me sign the receipt for the refund...  They refunded the money for the beers, too, but I don't think that was an attempt to be courteous, I think they probably couldn't figure it out and didn't care enough to try... That's it... I'm over Carmella's... At least this location...Ǿ
I'm not super crazy about their pizza it's ok but it's soggy. Basically they should try to bake a lot ll longer to keep the slice in tac. Wings are super awesome and I like to go there on night n it's chill bar Inside. But it is my localǾ
Tried it for the 1st time tonight. Definitely going back. Our server's name was Jenna and she was awesome and knowledgeable re: the menu. Ordered a 14" pizza with pepperoni, mushrooms, and italian sausage. It was fantastic! Thin crust, not too salty and heavy on the toppings. Also ordered 10 wings (only $7.25!) naked, fried crispy and dredged in Sweet Thai Chili. Great crispy wings. Had to try the cherry peppers stuffed with cheese and prosciutto. Spicy, chewy, slightly salty and delicious.Finger lickin' good. Well drinks, 5 bucks, bottled domestics, $2.50. This is going to be one of my new Friday or Saturday night go-tos!Ǿ
Prefacing the fact there is snowy weather and we are from out of town, we went here because it was close to walmart. We go in with very very few tables occupied and we sit down at two dirty tables for our group of six. The bar tender comes over and takes our drink and appetizers order and it comes out fairly quickly and was good at which time they took the dirty pizza pan from one of our tables but never wiped either of them.  We place our entree order and after 45 minutes and watching numerous to go orders and other customers receiving their food I went to the bar tender who looked into our order and said it was never printed and given to the cook staff. We never got any beverage refills even though the bar tender walked by us several times. But on a good note the table behind us who were regulars evidently by the way the bar tender and them talked to one another, their pizza smelled great.Ǿ
Great pizza!! And I'm from NYC I should know! Very nice employees! Smells so good! I really loved the pizza slices I ordered and the employees were very nice as well. I can't wait to eat here again soon. I only wished they delivered further than 2 miles away!Ǿ
I should preface this by saying I did not have pizza,  so my bad. 
However,  I thought the canzone looked pretty good.   Unfortunately, the best part of it was the bread.   Perhaps the worst canzone I've ever had.    
Also,  they were understaffed the night I was there so the service was not good.Ǿ
Hello friends,

Stopped by here for a quick drink (cousins birthday) before shopping at BiLo. 

It's the old Bellacino's Grinders. They changed the inside a bit. Kinda weird tho. About 10-15 (4 seat) tables to the right. 1 long booth that has 2 tables to them. The bar.... Well that's kinda cray. It's one 5 seat bar in front. You get to the second bar by going into what one may consider the kitchen. We saw a few ppl sitting there. At 1st we thought they were employees because of the location of the bar. 

Very nice servers. I think they were the owners. (Maybe sisters. Idk) we didn't order any food but noticed a guy in the Val Hand Tossing pizza dough. And a family dressed in church clothes eating. And a few young ppl in there munching it up. 

Pretty good lunch specials and drink specials. 

They deliver & open til 2.Ǿ
Man this pizza taste just like the pizza at SAMS Club been sitting awhile and chewy. Glad I only got one slice.Ǿ
We ordered a large pizza and cannoli. The pizza was really big and way more than enough for the two of us and I thought it tasted really good. The cannoli was really good as well. The customer service that we received was excellent and delivery was pretty quick. I would definitely order again.Ǿ
Girl looked at me weird when I asked for Sicilian slice and I had to say square. They no have which is disappointing.  Plain cheese slice is good.Ǿ
When my colleagues said this place has good cheese steaks, my ears perked and decided to check them out.  

I haven't been in this space since it was Bellacino's which closed a while ago.  Carmella's certainly makes use of the space.  They kept some of Bellacino's tables but also added bar tables, booth seating and also a small bar where half of the kitchen used to be.

The menu is quite broad with sandwiches, pizza and Italian items.  But I was here for one reason, the Philly.  Theirs comes with specific items so if you don't want some items on it, you have to tell them so.  Who puts mayo on a cheesesteak?  yuck.  Anyway, opted for marinara sauce instead of mayo.  That's how I grew up with Phillys.   It also comes with your choice of fries, chips or slaw.  I went with fries.

The best thing about this sandwich is the bread.  I haven't tasted such good bread on a Philly since I moved south.  The meat was good but there seemed to be a shortage of it and it was smothered in so much cheese that it was hard to find the meat, sauce, onions and peppers. I didn't really care for the sauce.  It was too sweet but all the flavors together were decent and it created a soggy mess of the bread which is actually something I love in a Philly and something that is very hard to find.

Despite the flaws and because finding a decent cheese steak is so hard to find in the south, I'd still rank this one in my Top 5 in Charlotte.  The fries were decent too and the people were really friendly in here.  It might be worth another visit to try something else on the menu.Ǿ
I visited Carmella's after a recommendation from some friends. Apparently Tuesday nights is $1 Pizza and $1 Beer night. For $1 I figured why not try it out. We walked in and found a seat. Our server came and took our order. About 10 minutes later our slices came out. They were hot, delicious large slices of "NY" Pizza. It had a great flavor and delicious crust. Our server was very nice. The restaurant has several large screen TVs to keep you entertained while you wait. For $1 pizza I would definitely go back.Ǿ
They have good food, I love their pizza and wings. The only reason I give 4 stars is because they only deliver after 5pm which is not specified anywhere, all it says is "we deliver"Ǿ
I was curious about the Philly since there is a sign that said best in town. Mayo on a Philly sounds weird, so I asked them not to any on. My Philly was made to order, the food was hot and came out pretty fast. The cheese tasted weird, there was hardly any neat and there was an awful lot of grease. I am not sure I am willing to try it again, bit I would definitely not call this one the best.Ǿ
Mondays $0.50 wings
Tuesdays $1.00 cheese or pepperoni pizza slices

Cheap drinks

If this place was closer to where I lived, I would definitely go there more often. The pizza and wings are very tasty and priced excellent. Will def be going back soon!Ǿ
I've eaten here on several occasions and the food is just ok. It's never consistently good and very greasy. The wings are good but sometimes too wet and not crispy enough, the pizza is meh and the spaghetti and Strombolli were NOT good. If you are looking for a cheap and quick bite this should be your last resort in terms of tasty and fulfilling.Ǿ
I live near by, and use to do take out from here all the time, until they started being rude to me on the phone, and sometimes not answering the phone at all, and when I saw the review with the band cooked into the pizza, that was enough for me to never eat here again.Ǿ
Fries undercooked. Hair in fries. Gyro ok meat, toppings. Nothing great. Luckily I got it to go - or they would take it back.Ǿ
Had 2 pasta dinners that were not only delicious but huge portion. Will be ordering delivery many more times in the future.Ǿ
For pizza, I'm going to be at Luigi's but today I tried someplace different. Carmella's for a meatball parmesan sub with waffle fries.

The fries were limp. The bread had a texture that suggested a microwave rather than a toaster. The cheese was nicely melted, the sauce was bland and the meatballs were tasty but a little rubbery. Sorry, guys.

A couple of big screen TV's tuned into sports channels plus a couple of video game machines to keep the kids entertained.Ǿ
Ive been here 3 times within the past two weeks the pizza is awesome, I usually have a slice or two. And ive put my boyfriend on to them too. They are conveniently located not far from my home, or job.Ǿ
I personally thought the pizza & cheese sticks were great. (This is the only reason I am giving 4 stars).  This was our 1st time visiting this restaurant. My only complaint is service is a little slow.  Our waitress was friendly and all.....but then to have another customer at the restaurant come up to us and tell us that she was at the bar saying we were probably going to "stiff" her pissed me off!  Why she thought that is beyond me, but we left her a tip over 20% and I left her a little note on the receipt that we knew what she said.  Needless to say we probably will not return because she turned a nice evening of pizza with our 2 year old daughter into a not nice ending!Ǿ
After looking at the reviews I will be ordering... But my only question..... How The wings ?? I haven't had anything from here but when I called the customer service was great! 5STARSǾ
That SPO (sausage, peppers, and onions) pizza is bomb! (And I mean that in a good way) The sausage is so flavorful. 

I've also had the Philly cheesesteak and the super Italian combo which I wasn't impressed with. They both lacked flavor. 

They have good lunch specials that run from 10:30-4pm and a full bar.Ǿ
Stopped in after a long day at work.  Was happy to see that they were still serving food until 2.  Enjoyed a few miller lite bottles for $1.50!  Ordered 2 kinds of wings bbq and honey mustard, 10 each for 5 bucks an order.  What a great deal and the sauces were out of this world.  Everything was house made.  Also ordered an antipasto salad that was the bomb.  Prices were all very reasonable.  Love the vibe of the place, loved the food, loved the prices, and they are open till 2!!  What more do you need.  Excited to try their pizza next time!Ǿ
Dined in once before..service was slow, but it was a Suday and the food was good.
Tonight I called in a stromboli to go.. Got there 5 min. later to have a beer and wait. 40 minutes later I get my food (their POS system is ancient so they had to count the drawer to close it out, then the next server had to come right back and RE count the drawer).. me and 2 other customers were waiting...just to pay...30 minutes. WHAT THE FUCK???
The shittiest part was I called in a pepperoni and ground beef stromboli..got home and it was some bullshit onions and fucking Ham. This place sucks. Not going back...will help my friends make the decision to not go there either. Oh well. Maybe a efficient pizza joint will open when they close soon.Ǿ
Been years since I have been here and thank goodness.  The staff was aloof and could care less to take an order or answer a question.  The pizza slice was dry and tasted like it was from last week, $2.50 down the drain.  Got a salad it wasn't bad, wasn't good either but I was hungry so I ate.  Also ordered wings to go when I placed my order and after waiting for 15 minutes after eating my lunch I went up front and my wings were just sitting there with no intention of them bringing them to me.  So there some more time I won't get back.  Wings were bland and I asked for hot and the blue cheese was the consistency of milk, not good to say the least.

I hate giving bad reviews but hopefully they can learn and improve. Best of luck and I won't be going backǾ
Advertised "New York Style" pizza, and had us wondering if they had ever been to New York. Pizza was medium crust, cheese was low quality with grease puddling on top, and the sauce wasn't even noticeable. Waitress wasn't nasty, but definitely had a very strange attitude and came off as fake nice. I was scared of her.Ǿ
Fantastic food, we'll be back. Atmosphere is... Interesting. But they put their efforts into the food. Yum. Recommend the cheese garlic breadǾ
It's like Cheers where everyone knows your name!! Karaoke on Fridays!!! Nice dive bar, full bar with daily drink specials, lunch specials, good pizza, wings and other bar food! That have a juke box, and outdoor seating over looking the parking area. 

I've visited here for speciality pizza that I can't find at other local pizza spots.Ǿ
I was Craving pizza and this place definitely satisfied that.  1st pizza place I've had since I moved from up North. So far so good.Ǿ
Decent for $1 pizza night. Greek salad is really good. My son enjoys going here also.Ǿ
I was not impressed with the pizza here. I really dislike when places claim their pizza is of a certain style and it doesn't live up to my expectations.Ǿ
So unhappy with how our order was handled.  We ordered takeout and did not receive what we ordered. I called to make them aware, the girl answering the phone was very defensive.  In the midst of her answering the call, she said 3 different places and was laughing finally stated Carmella's. I kindly let her know our order was incorrect, she started yelling over me and wouldn't let me finish. I did my want a refund nor them bring other food out, just wanted to make them aware that order was incorrect in case someone else's order was the same. I finally decided to end conversation as she was so rude. Very disappointed in our food as well as how this was handled. She refused for me to speak with manager. We used to order something every week, we stopped about 3 months ago due to quality of good, decided to give another chance. This was the LAST chance. I hope they can get it together, it's a shame how it's being run into the ground and no one cares.