A nice surprise and great alternative to drive THRU fast food for a quick bite. Apparently this is an Akron institution and was recommended to me by one of my customers who is based in this area. Service was great -- the wait staff was fast, knowledgeable and polite. It took me a minute to decipher the menu since some items have unique names (Galley Boy, Potato Teasers, etc.). All was delicious and I was on the road again in no time. Will definitely return.笑
First time here after seeing it advertised over the years. Service was great on a beautiful fall Saturday. I had the Galley Boy with onion rings and a peanut butter shake. My wife had the hamburger with lettuce and tomato. The special shake was pumpkin which may have replaced the pecan. Lots of fun and will be back.笑
Best burger under 10 bucks anywhere!!

Sometimes there is food that you just crave and Swensons is definitely one of them...When I was going to college I must have ate here 3 times a week; that before I got old and gained weight from just looking at food.  

Even being a self-proclaimed foodie this place is a must anytime I am in Ohio.  I will make a trip to one of their locations just for their burgers.  Double cheese burger, mayo, ketchup, pickle and mustard and deep fried mushrooms.  The buns are lightly toasted, burgers are not over-cooked and layered with cheese and sauce; these are hands down the best burger anywhere for the price.  It used to be an old car hop and the waitress/waiters would until a few years ago wear skates to take your order.  That has stopped because I think no one skates anymore, but still has the same feel to it.  You got to drive up and leave your lights on to get someone's attention.  

So stop here and get a burger.  It will change your taste for burgers forever!! 

Now guys just please open a few in Seattle!!!!笑
i could eat a galley boy, fries with ranch and a California every day!  I absolutely think this is the best burger every!!!笑
I am seriously in love with Swenson's. 

It is absolutely amazing for fast(ish) food. 

The burgers melt in your mouth. The buns are just perfect and you won't find anything like them anywhere else. 

The milkshakes are heavenly. I love that you can mix different flavors. Chocolate and banana! Chocolate and mint! Chocolate and peanut butter! 

*SWOON*笑
Galley boys are the single best invention in the history of food, ever. Nicest employees and speedy service! Five stars笑
Wow what else can you say. No other hamburger place in the country can compete with Swensons. You gotta get the Gally Boy and potato teezers. I grew up in Ohio all the way until college and moved away but every year when I come back to visit Ohio I ALWAYS 100% of the time eat at Swensons. There is literally not enough positive things I can say about this place!!! If you don't like this place or say some other fast food restaurant is better then you obviously have some issues and probably never eat out and are just use to eat really crappy food so when you taste something as delicious as a swensons burger you were probably just not use to eating something of quality.笑
I am a huge Swenson's fan, completely as a result of their veggie burger, the Salad Boy. I prefer this cheap burger over other options from Metro Burger and the offerings from any local chains. The drive in atmosphere at this location is good most hours of the day and night, and service is always great. 

I have been here countless times and have never had an off meal. The fries, and other fried options are great as well!

Keep in mind that they take cards, but you do not receive a receipt with tip and total lines, so if you wish to tip your runner, let them know when you hand over the card.笑
Best fast burgers. Cool concept for retro service and style.笑
Geez. What is with Akron's love affair with drive-in fast food joints? Every time I'm down there it's like I just pulled into American Graffiti or something. Mix in a sock hop and a mysterious stacked blonde in a vintage T-bird and Richard Dreyfuss would probably cream his shorts.

The drive-in restaurant model is totally sweet, and I'm continually amazed at the steady supply of friendly, smiling teens and young adults that staff the place. Where the hell do they find them? Certainly not the typical surly 16 year-old pregnant girl that you find working the McDonald's drive-thru window.

Anyways, Swensons is God's gift to my mouth. The food is legendary and inexpensive and pretty much as good as everyone says. The burgers get all the love -- and they deserve it -- but the chicken sandwiches, sloppy joes, salads and everything else are great too. Pair your sandwich with a fried side of choice and one of their 18 flavors of shakes and get ready to come back here on a regular basis.笑
Hometown favorite. Galley boy is a must whenever I am in the city...if you are in Akron..make sure you get your galley boy fix!!笑
Its not often that I get to Ohio but, when I do I always stop at Swenson's. Though I don't eat beef anymore (that means no galley boys), the Salad Boy does the trick. 

At this visit I ordered the following: 
A salad boy 
Onion rings 
Fried mushrooms 
Banana milkshake 

We arrived at the perfect time an ordered our food right away. It wasn't too long before the were running our hot food to our car. Side note: I don't usually eat this much but, it isn't very often that I get to Ohio or even get to have Swensons. 

I began to conquer my meal starting with the onion rings and mushrooms. They were both fried to crispy perfection - I was not disappointed. I then opened my Salad Boy (veggie burger). It was hot (who likes cold food, really) I peeled back the bun in search for my cheese. Let just say that I am taking off a whole star because the slice of cheese on that thing was soo minuscule I think I ate it in two bites. Despite the lack of cheese I was still very pleased with my Salad Boy overall. 

I finished my meal off with my Banana milkshake. My aunt had turned me on sometime ago to ordering with real ice cream. Don't get me wrong the usual combination of malt and ice-cream is quite tasty but, I prefer a thicker milkshake. 

Well this trip (as always) was definitely worth not eating all day. Sometimes I wonder why there isn't a Swenson's in Hawaii but, then I realize that some places just belong - and to me Swenson's and Ohio will forever go hand in hand :)笑
Usually I have great service and the food is always great. However tonight the server named Patrick was very short and rude to us. After trying to order he ran away and we were not completed with our order. When our order was brought to us we were then told we could not spilt the order into two separate bill when we said there was going to be two at first. After receiving and paying for our food we realized we had gotten too much food and told them so and Patrick told us to keep it. After about 10 minutes or so he came back and took the order to give to a different car.笑
I love Swensons!! I grew up on Swenson's and it has remained the same through the years! I have gotten almost everything from the galley boy, to the fried chicken sandwich, a BLT, egg salad sand, grilled cheese with coney sauce on it, the fish sandwich with both galley sauces on it, the salad boy, the grilled chicken salad, the rolls that they make for the fish dinner are so so good. If you want one just by its lonesome you can order that! I love the ginger ale and ask them to add vanilla so good! The one thing that is not my favorite are their fries. They are kinda blah. But onion rings, mushrooms,  zucchini, teasers, so tastey. Any milkshake is good. I don't think I have ever had anything bad there after all the years I have gone. The burgers are sweet so if you do not like your burger sweet then this is not the place for you. I know it is a little weird but it works. Swenson's will always have a special place in my heart.笑
Aww shucks. As much as I want to give this place a 5 star review based on the well-mannered, hard working, enthusiastic young men who work here, I just can't do it. We went to Swensons to get some ice cream late one summer evening. We each ordered sundaes (one each of hot fudge, caramel, and butterscotch). They arrived half-melted and in a pool of cold topping mix. The vanilla ice cream wasn't even good, and it tasted foamy. I doubt it would have been much better if it arrived before melting. I may try Swensons once more to see if the burgers redeem this drive-in.笑
Bad day? Choc milkshake will make it all better.笑
For as long as I can remember, I have been going to Swenson's. And I have seriously been ordering the exact same thing from there since I was a kid (cheeseburger with ketchup and onion, fried mushrooms, and a California to drink). I don't even have to look at the menu!

The sweet yet delicious meat mingles well with the gooey cheese and the flaky, buttery bun. I'm almost drooling as I type this! Maybe i'll just go there for lunch.

I always take my out of town guests to Swensons, and they have all loved it. I'd give them a full 5 stars if they had one sit down location.笑
You go here for tradition, service and food, in that order.  The burgers are unusual- added sugar- a tad/ to the meat and bun. They're fried, not grilled, and tasty. Steak sandwich is pretty good , fries  taste like potato and milkshakes are good. Some old school items- fried ( thick) Bologna, phosphates, floats, egg salad.  Free entertainment is watching the mostly male car hops run from point A to point B.  Tip em good.笑
The most irritating experience ever, you guys are like a well oiled machine. The service was perfect and fast, so freaking friendly as hell. I'm disappointed because you've set the bar too high for other restaurants, now I will,never be able to fully enjoy another restaurant until I come back to Swenson. I'm only in Ohio to visit with my girlfriends family, I make sure I visit Swenson every chance I get. For the sake of every other business please stop being so perfect. End haiku笑
There is no better hamburger or shake anywhere.  I don't care that it's cheap or the workers are so friendly and run fast....Although that is awesome .....the bun and actual hamburger cannot be beat by anyone!!!  The hamburger buns (The butter and sugar combination and whatever else they do to it is amazing) are from another world.  If I found out I had to only eat Swensons for the rest of my life I would die happy.笑
On my way to Akron... home of Lebron James, I was told i MUST TRY Swensons. 

Being a Cali girl, I was expecting an experience similar to In n Out.  Drive thru, but hey not a bad burger & fries.  This is not the Swensons experience...

You pull up... they RUN to your car (yes, they have to run).  They assume you know the menu but are happy to provide one if needed.  The array of milkshakes makes your head explode, dreaming of what a pineapple hot fudge mix would taste like.  You order a Galley boy... because, well, that's what "everyone orders".  They RUN out to your car to bring your order AND a tray that fits neatly into your window to eat off of.  You eat, you oo and aww at the fried zucchini and burger.  But the Peanut butter Hot fudge milkshake seals the deal. 

Overall, fun & delicious experience. I have mad respect for the RUNNERS in my story.  They come to your car rain or shine and always with a smile.  Warning, do not eat every day if you still want to see your toes when you stand up. 

Cheers to the A K Rowdy!笑
Tonight was our first time and let me tell you the McDonald's of the world (one sits right across the street) should pay attention to the kind of service (excellent) you get here. The server guys are awesome, quick and very friendly. Cars pull in and before they can even put it in park they are at your window asking you for your order. These are the types of places that should be around forever and from our experience this evening we see why Swenson's have been around since 1934.  We are from Columbus Ohio, fast food and restaurant capitol of Ohio. Thank god we have a friend in Akron so we have another excuse to return besides visiting her.  ;-)笑
This place has grown on me. As an Akron native, I'm expected to love Swensons. But there's something about their sugar sweetened patties and sweet buns that makes it all strange. I will not eat a galleyboy again, but the double cheese burger is better than McDonalds, Burger King, or Wendy's burgers. So that's something. And they're open late.笑
Holy hell this is a wonderful establishment of everything meaty and delicious. We used to go to this location on the reg and drown our sorrows in some hamburgers (especially after finals week). I wish I kept track of how often I went here but I can say with confidence that my business alone was probably enough to keep this company afloat. My favorite was the galley boy but I would typically just go an buy some plain jane triples to down because I'm a fatass. Amazing.笑
This place knocks my socks off. No, literally my socks fall off my feet as soon as I bite into a galley boy. Tater teazers and breaded mushrooms are to cream for!!!! Amd I love watching these guys sprint there butts off to each car. 90% of the time I pull in and somehow these guys are waiting for me in the parking spot!!!! Why aren't there more of these places by cleveland?! Lame.笑
In a word our family's go to place to eat!  Great food and fantastic service.  Have been a fan for 25 years!  My children had their first French fries there!  Great onion rings, burgers, and shakes!笑
I don't get this place.

I want to hate it. I managed to avoid it for most of the 4+ years that I've lived in Akron. The food isn't that great, the dudes running are kinda unattractive. I also think eating in one's car is stupid. But that's neither here nor there.

In general, there's NOTHING spectacular about this place.

But still, when I get out of my classes at UA and I'm hungry....despite ALL of my other options, I still go to Swensons. It's like that friendly but hideously ugly kid no one likes, but you can't really make fun of because it's just all around tragic.

I love and adore the stupid mint shake/frothy thing. It's not a milkshake (I'd know, my stomach can't handle milk), it's not an italian soda. It's just pale mint green liquid that tastes good.笑
The reviews for Swenson's seem inflated because of tradition, but that's just fine.   Swenson's is what I imagine fast food must have been like in the old days, before McDonald's began to plunge into the lowest depths of product quality, before the microwave was introduced into the burger joint assembly line.  Swenson's burgers are "retro" fast food burgers, buttered up and cooked on the griddle the way they used to be, wrapped loosely in paper and brought to your car by an energetic and hard working crew of high school and college-age kids.   

While I will always take a juicy pub-style burger made from locally-sourced beef before a fast food style burger, there are times and places for both.  Swenson's, to me, is that rare guilty pleasure that is best enjoyed on that spontaneous evening when no other clearer options come to mind, and perhaps when alcohol is guiding your judgement.  I order the cheeseburgers to avoid the mess that comes with a Galley Boy and its oily,  mayonaissey "special sauce."  The Galley Boy might be the signature burger, but it is not exactly a feat of food engineering. The slippery patties are placed precariously between flimsy sauce-soaked buns, creating an effect similar to squeezing a wet trout; apply the smallest amount of pressure, and the patty begins to slide away onto your lap or out the back end.   If you are wearing new clothes and don't like struggling with your food, beware of this burger; it will leave you cursing at your steering wheel.

If you are a secret closet smoker, on the other hand, I can think of no better way to hide the cigarette taste in your mouth and scent on your hands from your unsuspecting significant other than to eat a Galley Boy.   The oily, skin-penetrating sauce will overcome the tobacco smell much quicker and more convincingly than soap.笑
Start with a double cheese burger and a hot fudge, butterscotch, peanut butter milk shake..  then top that off with a Potato Teezers and i'm in heaven =)笑
I doubt very seriously if the "Galley Boy" I had this visit which was my first was exactly the same Swenson's has been serving since their opening in 1934, but I'm quite sure it is as unique as it was when the founder served the first one. In an age where there are so many crafted burger joints popping up serving prime beef with organically grown vegetables served up on gourmet buns this burger is more nostalgic than than tasty in my opinion. Oh I'm sure the generations of followers might be somewhat offended by that statement, but it's a fact - we all drool when thinking about the food we ate when we were kids and that's okay, but I find more often than not that I'm disappointed when I try and relive those days and would be much better off keeping the memories in tack and pass on the disappointment.

For those of you who haven't had the opportunity to partake in their offerings, here's my take on the Galley Boy - two small "signature" patties (maybe 3 ounces each) with some kind of cheese with two special proprietary sauces served on a small toasted bun, was it good uh yes it was also different but not great but yes I'm glad I ordered it. It's kind of a bucket list item of sorts, I can mark it off the list now and move on. The fries were also unique, fried crispy retaining some of the grease which always enhances the flavor. 

The best of the best- it's a toss up, I can't really decide if it was the exceptional service or the outstanding thick 'n rich banana shake, both were equally amazing. I agree everyone should at least try them once and rest assure even if the masses flock here there will be plenty of parking for those that continue to hold this burger above all others...笑
Best burger in the country, hands down, enough said.  You can always count on a perfect tasting burger when you go to Swensons.  I go once a year, and literally buy 20 and freeze them for my drive back to DC.  Nothing better, except maybe Skyways, which is right down the street.笑
Visiting 3000 miles away. Tasted the burger but don't eat meat. Knowing if I even BIT the burger--I'm going straight to hell! Your guy suggested the vegetarian version of the Galley  Boy and the pumpkin milkshake with carmel. YES!!!!!! Bittersweet as my Cubs lost to the Indians-- but Swensons came through!!!!笑
If you have a good quality beef patty, don't slather it in a pound of sauce that turns the buns into mush between your fingers. The greasy sandwiches fill you up instantly--in a bad way. I'd go to McDonald's across the street over Swenson's any day.笑
Swenson's is a legend in these parts. The drive-in aspect. The cute runners. The milkshakes. The Galley Boys. I could go on. 

...And I will.

Swenson's is a classic Akron institution--it's been around forever, and deservedly so. People all around the country are taking notice, too: Forbes rated Swenson's "The Best Burger in America," and TV shows like ABC's "The Chew" have featured segments on it. The hype is well-founded. The food is cheap, well-made, and you know what? It brings you back. I'm young, but the taste of Swenson's brings me back. It's a happy days nostalgia kind of thing. It's hard to explain. You just have to try it.

My favorites? Everyone glorifies the Galley Boy, and it's damn good, but honestly, I'm 100% happy with a double cheeseburger. Swenson's meat is out of this world good, and sometimes all of those extra sauces hide that flavor. ABSOLUTELY get the Potato Teezers, with a nice little jalapeño kick to them. And I mean, you have to get a milkshake if you're going for the full Swenson's experience. It brings the boys to the yard.笑
Swenson's serves the best cheeseburgers in Akron!  I grew up eating there, and it's always one of the first places I hit when I come back to visit Akron.  A double cheeseburger "with everything", fried mushrooms, and a chocolate malt....that's what I remember Summertime tasting like!笑
Is there anything as perfect as Swensons? Rainbow-striped unicorns? Tap-dancing velociraptors? 

No. Nothing beats the potato teezers (I'm vegan now but I'll never let go of the memory of these), California, and the Salad Boy. That veggie burger is seriously underrated. 

Just go. (right now! It's open late!)笑
I've had several friends talk about how good this place was.  We were in the area and just had to stop in and try it.  The galley boy burger is pretty amazing. It has 2 patties and two special sauces one on top of the bun and one on the bottom bun. Not sure what the sauces are, but it tasted awesome!  Also tried the strawberry milkshake and it was great too!  Def try and stop in if you are ever in the area.笑
I would murder a man for a Swenson's cheeseburger with ketchup, coleslaw and coney sauce on top.  The chili & slaw on a burger is something I got a taste for growing up in North Carolina, but to be honest, Swenson's makes the best Carolina style burger I've ever had.  

They make the best cheeseburger period for that matter.  The perfectly toasted bun, the melted cheese all make for an absolutely divine burger experience.  I wish I had a better grasp of the English language so I could better convey how freaking good these burgers are.

Additionally, the milkshakes are incredible and I would highly recommend the jalapeno teasers.  They have a pretty diverse menu, but I'm afraid of dieing spontaneously without having had the cheeseburger the last time I stopped for some food at Swenson's, so I couldn't tell you much about anything else there.笑
Really fun place to visit for an out of towner! We found it on Yelp when searching for good, local food in Ohio. The vegetarian option was fantastic (the Salad Boy)! I wouldn't hesitate to go back if I was in the area.

Huge plus: I loved the energy of the employees!

Some reviewers stated it was better than In N Out and Fatburger... it's very different! Delicious in its own right.笑
What can I say, I love burgers. If your from Akron you know Swenson's. This local chain is an icon in this region and a must try for anyone passing through and a staple to the locals. There are about half a dozen locations to choose from and I have never gotten a bad burger from any. The service is speedy but car hop/togo service only is the only reason I haven't eaten there in a while. I won't let my 2 year old eat in the car. A while back Forbes magazine rated it "The Best Burger in America", and I agree! 

Black Keys endorsement below:
http://m.youtube.com/#/watch?desktop_uri=%2Fwatch%3Fv%3DiVDxAYv5yuk&v=iVDxAYv5yuk&gl=US笑
Swenson's,
My rose in a world of pachysandra.
The virgin in line at the abortion clinic.
The sweetest brown sugared meat ever to slide between two buttered buns,
You are my calling.

Swenson's,
How is your cheese so melty?
Your shakes so thick,
Your rings so crisp,
And your teezers but a suckle of heaven's starch.

Swenson's,
Your servers so bronzed and handsome,
Inexplicably eager to serve me,
Not that I'm complaining.
Hot damn, you complete me.

Swenson's,
You've been so good to me.
Never chained out of Northeast Ohio,
Never selling out,
Like a good punk band, but fatty and delicious.

Swenson's,
Born and raised in your tradition,
I am your Galley Boy.

Swenson's,
I'm holding out for you.
You've got my first name and phone number.


MENU: http://www.swensonsdriveins.com/menu.htm笑
Went for the first time recently. They walked us through the process of ordering and taught us the "rules." (Lights on for service). Got two galley boys and a California.  California is grape soda mixed with ginger ale. Sooo good. The burgers were just right. The sauce combo, while it sounds weird, was incredible! We'll definitely come back the next time we're in Akron!笑
I absolutely LOVE Swenson's.  No other restaurant can get me to eat mushrooms (ick).  But when I roll up, I always order the fried mushrooms.  

There's something about this place.  Maybe it's the cute dudes that bring your food to your car.  Or it's that they put crushed ice in their drinks.  Or it's the softness of the bread that cradles their delicious egg salad. 

All I know is that I miss Swenson's.  It's a great car-hop drive thru. 

This is a good little spot. Kind of tucked away but easily accessible.笑
Order a burger here and you will not be disappointed.  Best burger ever, it has a sweet taste and the bun is crunchy because it was browned in the oven.

The Galley Boy is the burger that every male Swensons fan I know always orders. It has a special sauce on  it. 

The burgers are kind of small so you may want to order 2.

PASS ON THE FRIES.  They are unsalted and taste like cardboard. The onion rings are a much better route to go. 

Also, the shakes I hear are delicious, but I'm not a shake fan. 

Oh and it is CHEAP! Under $2 for a burger. You can get out of there with a meal for less than a McDonalds meal!

Skyway doesn't even compare. It's silly to suggest it.笑
ALWAYS fantastic! Get the tato teasers with ranch. Plus you can combine milkshake flavors!笑
Holy moly! I love these hamburgers! I only get to eat at Swensons every once in a while because I am from Texas and golly it's really far away. All of my family is from Akron, I usually make it up once or twice a year and this is always my first stop when I get into town. Whether it's the fact that I have to wait so long or because the burgers are so damn good I don't know, but usually during the week or so that I'm in town I eat here 6-10 times. I usually stick with a double cheeseburger to curb my appetite. The burgers have a sweet flavor and a delicious buttered semi-crunchy bun. I consider myself a burger fiend and I still haven't found anything that satisfies like Swensons. I really liked this location before it was the big new building, but things change and I guess I can accept it. I can't wait for the next time I get to pull out some golden coins out of my velvet sack and get to shove mass quantities down my gullet. Thank you Swensons, maybe one day I can be your baby daddy.笑
Ok. I grew up with Swensons. Always good. this time , not. I had two double cheese burgers.  Dry and no flavor. I was very sad as I have not had Swensons for 20 yrs. Came back to OH to have some Swensons and was not happy. I give it 3 stars only because of  nostalgia. They seemed to have gotten rid of the honey water glaze they used to use on the burgers. Wish it was better.笑
While I generally find eating in the car somewhat uncivilized, Swensons is unique, retro and fun.  The boys running the food out to the car were cute and energetic, and the Galley Boy burger was delicious (in a guilty junk-food way).  The onion rings were great as was the coffee milkshake.  Glad there isn't one near me, or I'd go too often.笑
Everyone talks about this place like its the holy grail of Ohio. I grew up about and hour away and so I've heard many of the folklore of Swenson's but I had never stopped here until this week. 

I think it's a fun and different experience. Watching the servers sprint around like they were on fire was extremely entertaining- but the manufacturing boss in me wanted to warn management that slips, trips, and falls are the leading cause of workplace injuries. Then I realized they would just look at me like I was nuts. 

My friend and I both got the galley boy then split an order of mushrooms, potato teasers, and a Florida and California. Ehhh. I've decided the galley boy and the drinks were a little sweet for me. I'd probably do better with just a normal burger. The potato teasers are a mix up of jalapeño poppers and a tater tot so that basically sold me. 

I think most people love this place for nostalgic purposes. It was good, but nothing to write home about. I'd give the food maybe three stars but our server and the whole experience was charming so I think it was a solid 4 stars for that. Also for less than $10 / person for a burger, drink, and a side from a local joint it beats McDonald's any day.笑
I love swensons!  Whenever I am in town i make a point to stop in for a salad boy, onion rings and a banana milkshake!  Best ever!!!笑
Went here on Saturday after a really hard work out. I was STARVING! I got a double cheeseburger, fries, and butter pecan milkshake. It was all DELICIOUS! Still one of my favorite burgers in Akron. And can I just say that the guys who run around and serve everyone are awesome. I could not do that job.笑
You have to try a Galley Boy once in your life or it just won't be complete. I've been coming here for years and have never been disappointed. Keep the burgers coming!!!笑
Why 5 stars? Because this is the In-N-Out of Ohio.

   ---   ---   ---

You know how In-N-Out Burger has these major cult following, and is totally the "cool" fast food joint? Swenson's is like that, but even cooler than In-N-Out because it's even more scarce with only a few locations.

The Galley Boy is a ridiculously addicting burger, that's easy on the wallet. When I used to eat burgers from places like McDonald's, I'd feel disgusting afterward. When I eat Swenson's, I'm feel nothing but happiness. Yes, it's a very simple burger, but it's far from ordinary. Every bite finds you longing for the next one. 

There is no inside seating - it's strictly a park-n-eat. Everything is very old school, from the pen and pad that the servers take your order on, to the drinks served without lids. I don't understand the lids not being provided automatically, but you can get them upon request.

I don't think I'll ever visit Cleveland again without hitting up Swenson's.笑
This shite sucks, I'm from Atlanta and vist often due to older family living here. Is basically like sonic笑
Galley Boy or Veggie Boy, a milkshake, and onion rings--if that isn't heaven, it's as close as a high school cross country star can bring you.

Why is this not a national chain?  The world should know the joy that is Swenson's笑
Last night our friends invited us on a picnic.  

The plan was to go to Swensens with lawn chairs and blankets and eat our meal sitting on the grass next to the parking lot.  What a wonderful summer evening treat!  

Hubby and I had never been to Swensens before, so the very focused running servers were a little intense, but efficient.  

Between the six of us (four adults, two kids) we ate our way through the menu with burgers, fries, a hot dog, BLT, grilled cheese, fried zucchini, potato teezers, tater tots, and an assortment of beverages.  Not a disappointing bite in the bunch! 

Nice job for being fast food!  It's obvious there is heart behind Swensen's food, and a well-oiled machine for service and customer satisfaction.

Picnicking at Swensens is way better than eating in your car.笑
The hamburgers taste like greasy armpits. The fish is spot on every time笑
Swenson's is a local Akron chain of burger places and is definitely worth trying.

The burgers themselves are solid, and remind me of Five Guys. A cut above fast food, but a cut below a real burger place. The difference between the two, and the reason this one is more satisfying than Five Guys, is that the burger here costs $2.95 or less, while Five Guys is $5 or more.笑
Bear with me here....

In college I loved this place.  I used to come here and order the galley boy and fries and a shake and I was happy for days. 

So in the past (ehem) 18 years I am not sure if my tastes changed or if Swenson's changed.

The service was spot on, so that part is still great.

But the galley boy?  I dunno....it tasted so sweet.  The sauces....they weren't how I remembered them.  

The onion rings were good.  And the "California" was good.  It is basically ginger ale with a grape flavor. 

I also forgot how messy it is to eat in the car.  And the onion ring fragrance that permeates your car for weeks to follow. 

So I would give it another shot maybe. It is not bad, by any stretch.  Just didn't knock my socks off like I thought I remembered it doing!笑
The best "bad" food in Ohio! Velveeta on your burger, broken onion rings, secret sauce, peanut butter milkshakes...and that was the spouse's lunch.

Pull up with your lights on and a "runner" will come to your car to take your order. Get your burger with everything, your fish with tartar sauce, and those rings need broke or you'll burn your mouth! Turn your lights off, keep your window down, and soon you'll have a tray of the best greasy spoon drive-in food ever.

Am I waxing nostalgic for times past? No. I'm not from Akron and this was our first visit. But reputation proceeds a place like Swenson's - they did have a sit-down place in Columbus for a while, and it was the bomb, but a bit different than sitting in your car trying to get onion-ring grease off your shirt.

You're missing something if you don't stop here when you're in Akron. Heart disease, most likely. But what a way to go.笑
Hooray for Swenson's.  A detour for us as we headed across Ohio on our way to Indiana, but a detour definitely worth making.  In addition to the Galley burger, we enjoyed chili and a California and a cherry phosphate.  Service as absolutely fantastic and the prices only added to the experience.笑
I have always gotten the salad boy. It's their very done up veggie burger. It's a little messy so I park in the back of the parking lot to shovel it in. I see all these reviews for the potato teasers and I want some now! Do other people feel bad if they don't have cash to tip here? They can't put it on a card!笑
Really good burgers! 
I
Love 
This 
Place! 

Always that we are around here, we have to eat here. 

The galley boy is the best best best best ever. 

I like when they are running to the car for five a good service an amazing experience. 

Just in Ohio!笑
I don't know... maybe it's just me, but I've lived a mile from the Wallhaven location for over 45 years, tried them 3 times... just about 15 years between visits and have always found the car hops to be rude and snotty. The galley boy was the nastiest thing I've ever eaten anywhere! I'm sure I'll go another 15 years before I make the mistake of trying them again!笑
Maybe I just don't get it, but the hype for these burgers is insane.  Beef must be treated with something that releases endorphins into the bloodstream that make people write crazy things.  These burgers are average at best.  The Galley Boy is covered in a sauce that, obviously, everyone loves, because the meat is almost tasteless.  I giggled when I read about how Swenson's was named "Best Burger in America" by Forbes magazine. After a little research, I found out that this title was given to them by a former Akronite, working for Forbes! There was no voting, no research, no taste testing, just one man's opinion.  Kind of how politicians spin every fact to their advantage. Anyway, try it for yourself. If you love it , good for you. I'm just not impressed at all.笑
Good quick service and helpful team!i was able to order the veggie and fish option and their drink and fries were really good.笑
Just OK.  Really.

It's a hamburger drive-in.  The hamburgers are mediocre.

Fries are good.

Prices are fair so the value is not bad.

Drive-in service is kind of fun once in a while, but gets old fast.笑
Love the Galleyboy and tator teasers!!!! The service is always good they are speedy too! If you are in Akron you need to stop!笑
Meh.  Cheap food, fast service, but no taste.  It's a local McDonald's without (hopefully) the chemicals.笑
Basically if you don't like Swensons, I can't trust you.

I've been going to Swenson's as a kid (and maybe it shows) and it's still just as good as it was back then. 

No matter what you have to try the galley boy and potato teazers...the worst part seriously is when it's all over. 
As far as drinks, the California is my favorite! 

Staff is always friendly and quick, this is my favorite Swensons location.笑
Swenson's is an absolute must for anybody passing through Akron!  You honestly can't go wrong when ordering.  

The burgers are sweet, juicy, topped with melted Velveeta cheese, and served on a toasted bun.  You must order your burger "with everything," which includes mustard, onions, and pickles.  A single burger is good, but a double is better.  Swenson's is also famous for their Galley Boy burger which is a double burger with fresh veggies and two secret sauces. P

The vegetarian options are also excellent.  The grilled cheese is jam-packed with melted cheese on buttery bread...Add tomato for extra deliciousness.  The Salad Boy is Swenson's amazing veggie burger. The delicious veggie patty is topped with fresh vegetables and the sauces of their famous burger, the Galley Boy. 

The sides are to die for.  If I had to pick one to accompany my burger it would be their famous onion rings.  The trick is to ask for them "broken" so they come bite-sized and easy to munch on.

All the drinks, including their many milkshakes, are great.  Personally, I choose the California soft drink to wash down my food. The California is a combination of grape soda and seven up, served with a lemon over crushed ice.

Again, you can't go wrong. No matter what you order, you will be pleased and will most likely be back that week for seconds.笑
the best burgers around... this place needs to be featured on every food network/travel channel show. absolutely amazing笑
Classic Akron burger place. Car hops. Fast service. Extensive menu, but I always seem drawn to the Galley Boy & onion rings. Toasted bun, two thin patties, & special sauce, garnished with an olive stabbed with a toothpick. Beats any fast food burger chain hands down! This is how a burger place should be.

Swenson's primer: Be prepared. Headlights on for service. Headlights off after they help you. Back on when you are done. Best if you know what you want, but they will bring you a menu if you ask. Tip your server well. They depend on your tips. Those kids RUN back & forth all day serving tasty burgers & assorted deliciousness.

You have to try this place. It's Akron. The Rubber City. Eat Swenson's. Sit in the parking lot & watch for the Goodyear blimp.笑
between two:  galley boy, sloppy joe, salad boy, fries, shake, and a california.   not great great great but good good good -- but really good good.  and yes, i would definitely go again.

oh...  and the buns.  mmm.  butter.笑
Great burgers, fries, shakes, and onion rings.  I love Swensons!  They are fast, consistent, and delicious.  If I'm ever in the area again, I will probably visit again.  What great service this location has.  Keep up the great work!笑
Swenson's is an old school drive up restaurant with car hops and all. They get mega press for their burgers which are pretty good but far from the best in town. It has made them an akron icon so who am I to judge.

I finally decided to write a review based on the quality of the non burger offerings here. Today I ordered a fish dinner and it was excellent. I believe it to be triangle cut cod it l looked very pale like it was under cooked. It was not, it was crunchy and perfectly cooked and the tartar sauce was good as well. The fries are always cooked perfectly they are just nothing special. In the past I have also had a grilled cheese and the BLT and while these are by no means gourmet sandwiches they are also very good. 

The salads also exceed expectations for the price. What other fast food restaurant puts a hard boiled egg on a basic salad?

Do not miss the potato teasers.

They just do things right at a low price.笑
Hubs grew up eating at Swenson's and we eat here when we're in town.  I usually get a Galley boy with onion rings and hubs gets a double cheese with grilled onions only and potato teasers.  Hubs loves to get a Californian (grape soda and ginger ale) or we'll get a shake to share.
I like the mix of sauces on the Galley boy with the tarter and BBQ (I think).  I especially love their buns.  The potato teasers are also quite good with cheese and jalapeno in them.
We will continue to visit when we're in Akron and have our kids learn to enjoy Swensons!笑
This place has great fast service and is good if ur in a hurry. I highly recommend coming to Swensons