My friend and I called ahead to see if they had a lunch buffet on Sunday. The person who answered the phone was prompt and courteous. He confirmed that they had a Sunday buffet for $11.99. I asked if there were any vegetarian dishes. He said yes, and then rattled off a half a dozen of them off the top of his head. Great!  We're on our way.

This place is located just off of the strip -- don't walk it though. It seems to cater to locals and adventurous tourists and California visitors looking for good Indian food (like me). The area is a little run down, definitely not the pride of Vegas. Buffets are common in this town, even in off-strip restaurants, where even all-you-can-eat sushi is the norm. 

India Palace has been completely remodeled inside and out since I was last there a few years ago. I think that even the assphalt parking lot was new.  The new space is awesome inside. It's very nice and well appointed.  Trendy, somewhat techno Indian music adds to a well-designed layout with dark wood tables, cozy booths, and a nice central bar area.

The lunch buffet was great! Lots of veggie stuff to choose from. Little to no vegan though -- hard to find with Indian food since ghee and cream are staples.

They also must be paying attention to some Yelpers since the service was great.   The service was fast and friendly and hot naan hit our table about as fast as it takes to cook it.  And, yes, you can get the matriarch to smile when you smile at her and compliment her naan (which *was* fantastic!)

We'll definitely be back.笑
We came here with the intention of getting take out. We were greeted by Vick who was very friendly and helpful. He offered suggestions on drink and appetizer while waiting.  His cheerful demeanor won us over and we decided to dine in. 
The restaurant was very clean, his service was excellent and the food was very good. 
Vick makes excellent suggestions for food choices. 
Based on the area the restaurant is in we were pleasantly surprised at the quality of service we received. 
Highly recommended笑
These guys are really mean and rude. Every time I place a order they either take forever, ignore order or just give me food with no condiments. When I call them I try to be polite as I can but I always get a major attitude and it's as if they don't want regular customers. This will be the last time I ever order from this place...

Update:  Do not ever order from these people. They are shady, flakey and extremely rude!!!笑
While the food was very good and the service is great, the prices are a little high for what you get. I read some of the complaints prior to going to eat that the portions were skimpy, yet I was still caught off guard by the meager portions. Should you decide to take out, be warned that the portions get even smaller. I haven't hit the lunch buffet up yet, it might be a better value.笑
Delicious food. One of my favorite places to eat when in Vegas. Great service. They really took care of us for my husband's Bday!笑
I don't get why other people left 4 or 5 stars for his place. We used groupon and ordered lunch. We ordered the chicken tikka and goat curry. For the prices, $14.95 and $15.95, respectively, we would assume that the meal came with rice. When we got the orders, the serving sizes were small and the chicken is not even a full breast. They charge $7.98 for the rice and $2.95 for the nan bread.  Ridiculous prices for such small serving sizes. Very disappointed. I think it is because we used groupon. If we paid full for the buffet of $12.95,  then it is worth it. Please do not use groupon for this restaurant, they rip you off.笑
It's sad to walk into a restarting in which you are treated as if your money is no good. I wanted to grab a quick bite to eat during a lunch break from a work seminar I was attending at the hard rock. I picked this place because it was the first that showed up on yelp. My boyfriend and I drove over and the parking lot was empty. We walked inside and the waiter that greeted us seemed alarm we were there. He reluctantly gave us a menu. I put in my order and the waiter handed me a receipt and stated it was my check without having swiped my card. I didn't understand what this meant, so I asked should I swipe my card. The waiter again said the paper he handed me was my check and stared at me funny. I still didn't understand so I gave him my card. The waiter swiped it aggressively and stated it was declined. The waiter did the same thing with my boyfriend's card. My boyfriend finally asked the waiter could he do the swiping himself and guess what? Card approved! The food was absolutely delicious, but the customer service lacked tremendously. The 2 stars are for the food tasting so good. If you're not Indian, I wouldn't suggest visiting this restaurant. Seems like they only would like to cater to their kind and not all.笑
Entered establishment given menu and seated waited 15 min waiter returned and took menu and from a colleague...told buffet service only due to catering event ...run from this place folks...Tip: Dont tell customers the buffet is the only choice because you aren't as important as a catering event! Better yet...don't seat us in the first place have the courtesy to just say sorry we are closed. BTW there were only a handful of others present...笑
**THIS REVIEW IS FOR THE BUFFET ONLY**

After reading the reviews of this place, I was lead to believe it is the best Indian place in Vegas.  After eating here my thoughts are:

1) This is the only Indian place in Vegas--not likely
2) People in Vegas have never had good Indian food
3) People in Vegas don't know what good Indian food is.

My thinking is either 2 or 3.

The food:  An assortment of curries which all lack that usual tasteful magicness found in Indian cuisine.  The consistency was fine (I've been to some places that have real watery curries) but the blending of spices came out bland and not good.  The naan although fluffy tasted like burnt popcorn.  I have to say the one saving grace was the rice pudding (kheer) was actually quite good...I went back for seconds.

The atmosphere:  typical for an Indian restaurant.  My water glass was filled at appropriate times, they had pleasant light music playing (as opposed to obnoxious Bollywood videos), and the decor is fine.  I have to say I did not venture into the bathroom as I was afraid for my life.

The next time I am in Vegas I will skip this one.笑
Food is very good, the owners are great,     but The Manager was unprofessional.  He may no longer be there..    We ordered a Groupon   and called in and explained that we had a groupon worth $30  and ordered  some food to go.  I clearly explained my groupon... and there was no problem with the TO Go order from the employee on the phone who was polite.

 After driving 20 Miles.... we arrived.  The manager said the Groupon is for dining in only.  I said... why did they not tell me that on the phone... as I told them I had a Groupon.... anyway... he did not want to  honor the promotion.. then I asked him his name... and he wouldn't tell me his name... He said they don't make any money on the Groupon...

 I said...then why do you offer it?   .... that is not my problem.... I bought it... ordered. and then drove 20 miles... and now he is not wanting to honor the promotion.   

Did you read the fine print ?  he asked..No I said.... instead, I called your restaurant and explained that I had a Groupon and they took my order.... and I in good faith came all this way expecting a smile and a thank you... and now I get a No.... and he was very  mean to me... disrespectful... not being considerate at all...

Of course this upset me..... and I began to raise my voice..... Then he was upset that I raised my voice in his restaurant.... I told him... I did not come here to raise my voice... I came here for some Tikka Masala... but I will never come here again... trust me.....

It is unfortunate... that they have such good food here....yet... the Manager is a hothead, and I feel sorry for the employees that have to work for him.  The poor guy that took my order... oh my.... he is going to get the wrath!

He did not want to listen to anything I said.... In spite of it all I still tipped him $3 just because I am someone that has worked in the Restaurant industry, and I follow the golden rule... but I will tell you, this Manager was a real jerk.

Now....there are  so many restaurants out there that would love to have a customer that drives 20 miles to come to them... and they will do everything in their power to make that customer feel special.  

This manager  threatened to call the Police on me... can you believe that?    Wow...
If he worked for me I would fire him so fast..... 

Anyway.... This is a good restaurant and they have good food... and I am sure the owners are good people..... They need to help their people understand the promotions, and then make sure that every customer interaction is  appreciated. 
  
I really like the food... It is unfortunate that I have had so much grief here....  I blame the Manager... No CS skills whatsoever.... :(

Anyway... I do think this is a good restaurant...

The owner call me up after this an apologized for the experience I had.  I thanked him for the call.   This is a lovely restaurant, and the food is fantastic.....I say go ahead and give them another chance....笑
Having lived in both southern and northern California, I found the food to be good but not great.  4 stars because I know how crappy the other Indian food in Vegas is.  3 stars because the service was not very good, and the manager argued with me about the bill after I claimed 2 separate Yelp offers (neither claimed they had to be used exclusively, and they took the order with no issue when I showed them the offers I was planning on using).  The daals were the best part of the meal.笑
The food was good. I had keema nann, samosa, and a keema curry. It all tasted great. I thought the service was a bit rude and lazy.  I was standing out in front of my hotel waiting for them. I missed one call from the driver (who was not there yet) because my phone only rang once. I then got a nasty text from the manager saying he tried to reach me multiple times to say they were on the way.  I called them back to say I was already out front waiting (even though they said they would just call when they got there). When the driver arrived he did not even bother getting out of his car. He just honked his horn at me to come over and handed me my good threw the passenger window. I did not even have a chance to top them.笑
The lunch Buffet has got very limited options.....The food is not worth the price we paid for buffet....they were over charging....

The staff was very rude ...We interacted with 3 servers......all of them were rude/sarcastic....

Desis avoid it...笑
Their Lunch Buffet is nice, their North Indian dishes are really really good...Good Ambience.. 

The dosa is also nice but huge... Basic veggies like okra are just ok...but the paneer and cholle etc are really nice...笑
Best new place I've tried in a while,  my girl bought a Groupon here and we tried it,  they have an amazing lunch buffet for 11.95  but we couldn't use Groupon for that,  so I got the house special chicken mahtihka  I think I spelled that right  omg so good,  the rice and the garlic nan  I was in heaven.  Manny our writers was so sweet,  the cutest little buffet Indian guy I've ever seen :) can't wait to come and bring my kids here for the buffet!!!笑
For me, this place is never a bad choice...AND they've always got AWESOME Bollywood vids playing.笑
Went here for lunch with Justin G. because we had eaten at Mint like the previous week and wanted to try something different. If you've eaten at everything around UNLV, you get tired of it so we were off. 

The restaurant is in a shady area of town yet it's the only nice building so it's fine I guess. We were one of two groups of people in the place, apart from a table of servers which was weird, because it was lunch time. 

Overall, the food is good. Their goat isn't as good as Mint's but I still ate like a billion plates of it because it was still really tasty. Some of the breaded veggies were a little chewy but I assume that's because there wasn't a crowd there to eat up the food and have it rotated. They had some awesome naan.

I got a free mango lassi with a Yelp check in. Justin checked in too but they wouldn't give him one because it was one per table, rather than one per check. It wasn't a big deal because it was (delicious) and big enough to share. 

The reason this gets 3 stars instead of 4 was because when Justin asked for the check, we somehow were charged for a different table and it came out to more than $40 for two buffets. Justin said that his card had been charged for the wrong amount and that they needed to void the transaction. They told him that they couldn't give him a void slip and that they ran the card for the correct amount. He argued with them about now paying $60+ dollars for two buffets when the server threw the receipts in his lap, told him to call his credit card and dispute it and walked away in frustration. I went to sit out in the car while Justin tried to fix it. Super uncomfortable. 

Justin called his card and made sure he was only charged the correct amount. The food was good but the way the meal ended, I don't know if I'd go back.笑
This place is delicious. Stopped here before heading back to Los Angeles. We got the lamb pasanda and shrimp masala and a naan stuffed with cheese and herbs, I extremely recommend it. Vick is a nice man, he hooked us up with 2 mango lassis.笑
Mixed feelings about this hole in the wall, for sure. The dining room and service are nice, and the buffet has a pretty good selection, but if you're getting takeout, be forewarned.

For takeout, I'd give this spot between 2-3 stars. Portions are small for the price and protein is minimal. Our $16 goat curry had a scant amount of meat and I found only four small chunks of cheese in my saag paneer. But the tandoori wings are amazing, with grilled peppers and onions, with lemon. But to spend just under $50 with tip for takeout for two? It's not great.

The buffet is their best deal. Good selection, variety of vegetarian options as well as multiple meat (lamb, goat, chicken) options. Service is attentive and friendly. Naan is included. There's even a small bar area and they appear to have beer and wine. I'm pretty sure you can rent this spot out for special events.

Averaging my experiences together, I can't rave but it's kind of a gem for this neighborhood. Snag a Groupon while they're still up and you can save a bit on dine-in (not valid for buffets) or takeout (minimal discount).笑
The management seems to know the formula for a good dining experience here if you're looking for a decent priced, tasty Indian buffet 

Lunch buffet: Good food particularly liked the goat curry and lentils. The naan was good too. The desert section is missing those delicious popular Indian sweet meats, but their rice pudding was decent. 

They told us their meats are HALAL, which is a huge plus for us. 

Our experience: We arrived at 2:30 p.m. and the buffet would close at 3 pm, but the server was friendly and quick. They were able to refill a few of the dishes for us. Shortly after, about six more people came for the buffet so the staff refilled more buffet items. If you come late, please check out the buffet first and request your favorites to be replenished. 


Tip: I used a check-in coupon from Yelp and promptly received a delicious, cold mango lassi. Don't miss out.笑
Awesome service by our FAVE SERVER Garry...1000% Outstanding!!!!!! Great job.....Thank you....笑
I never know what I will get when I go to India Palace.  Will the rice be crunchy and dry?  Will it take the waiter 30 minutes to give me my check after my plates are cleared?  Will I get stabbed? Generally, the answer is no, which makes it one of the better Indian spots in town.

But, don't get too excited. The lunch buffet is the only reason to come here.  Dinner is incredibly overpriced ($20 for a vegetarian platter is crazy, crazy).   Why spend $15-20 for one bland dish for dinner when you can get the lunch AYCE selection of bland dishes for less than $20?.  Save your dinner pennies for something better -- this is not the best Indian you will ever have, no matter what the Review Journal says.

Bright spots on the menu include Lamb Korma (lamb in a creamy, coconuty sauce), Aloo Gobi (sauteed potatoes and cauliflower) and Saag Paneer (creamed spinach with homemade cheese).   I also like their renovations, they've greatly improved the atmosphere.

Sad spots include burned naan, rather bland food, small servings of rice (with dinner entrees), and dirty looks from waiters when ordering mixed pickles and chutney (I have no idea what that's all about either).  

I'd only recommend India Palace if you happen to be driving along Twain during lunchtime.笑
Great buffet selection here. One of the better Indian food in desert.笑
Alright so, I'm not Indian. I don't really know what "authentic" is. But, I will say this. I've eaten at many different Indian restaurants in Vegas and California, and India Palace remains number 1 to me. This place is so. damn. good. 

Also, just to throw this out there, I work with many Indian people, and they really like this place a lot as well. Take that information as you will, but, I think it's a good thing. 

I've been coming here for a very long time and I'm friendly with the staff. They are SO polite and friendly. I have always felt very welcomed here since the beginning. 

The food, let's just talk about the food. It's amazing. My favorite being of course the chicken mahkani (butter chicken). It's easily one of my favorite things to eat, ever. They bring you naan bread to the table with an option of regular of garlic. Always go with the garlic, it's not very overwhelming. 

I also do the buffet every time I come here. I've eaten here for dinner twice and while I really do love the food, I feel their dinner portions are rather small when compared to the price. One of these times I used a Groupon and was never met with any kind of negativity, so it's weird to me that people are mentioning that. And as far as the rest of the service, I've never had issues with being neglected service or having my water filled, even when they're busy and hosting a party. 

Anyway, the buffet is great because you get a sampling of a lot of different things for a low price which is never a bad thing. 

Also, I give it a 4 star rating because as much as I love the food, I really hate driving here. It's in a not so lovely part of town and the parking here is a nightmare when they're busy.

Try it for lunch sometime, of course with a mango lassi.笑
Tremendous food and atmosphere.  Sat next to a couple from Southern India and they said it was some of the best they have tasted in the states. Ordered the house favorite, Tikka Masala.  Try the non as well.笑
After several visits to partake in the lunch buffet over the years, I'm still happy to return for some of the best saag paneer I've tried in Vegas. The vegetable korma and the great fluffy basmati rice are also standouts. Gladly would I give greater praise but for the following:

Fresh naan delivered to the table would be most welcome, rather than the rather dried out naan that sits in the heater tray in the buffet line. Also, while it is certainly quite authentic to serve water without ice (I experienced this repeatedly in India years ago), I should not have to ask (multiple times) for a glass of ice in which to pour my room temperature water (call me an American snob). Lastly, the buffet items should be served at a higher temperature. It's all in the details....笑
This review is way past due. I have been coming here fro at least 5 years. Probably one of my favorite places for lunch. They have a great Lunch buffet. I have gone here with friends and they feel the same. Great Tandoori chicken and chicken Masala. Good service and nice quite atmosphere. I will definitely come back for more.笑
We came on a Friday night and ordered 
1. Vegetable samosa appetizer $4.50
2. Tandoori Chicken dinner $25.95
for $5 (Used the $15 groupon to get $30 credit, came out to $.49)

- Seated right away. Fancy restaurant. Dim-lighting. Wine style cup glasses. 
- Edwin was a friendly server! He seemed to appreciate that we came in to eat Indian food and made sure that our drinks were refilled and the food made to our liking
- They didn't have the lamb samosa tonight, which we were a bit disappointed so we ended up with the vegetable. Comes with 2. Cooked fresh and crispy. 
- You are given complimentary flat bread and 3 types of sauces, mild, med, hot. Flat bread tasted a bit burnt, but crispy. 
- Garlic naan was fluffy 
- chicken soup was watery but spicy. 
- Mango dessert was good. Tasted like Filipino fruit salad. 
- Fried vegetables were a bit smushy.
- Tandoori chicken was a slighly dry and the onoins were grilled inconsistently, undercooked or overcooked.  
- India Masala and Mint Bistro packs more flavor for my liking than India Palace, but nonetheless, still a good eat especially with the Groupon!笑
The food was amazing! My husband and I love Indian food and by far this is the best we've had. Very fairly priced menu with something for everyone, service was very good and we will absolutely be back!笑
Even better the second time around! Great service and great food. Tried the Cheesy Nann and it was very tasty. Chicken Korma and the Lamb Rogan Josh were excellent. A little pricey but you get what you pay for.  We used the Yelp $30 for $20 deal so it took a bit of the sting out. Go check it out!笑
Food was satisfactory, do not have any complains. I tried only Paneer item and it was just fine.

When we asked for free water then they came up saying machine is broken they have only bottled water... Pese banane ka Desi tareeka... :)笑
Having previously lived for yrs in s california I've learned not to judge a restaurant by its neighborhood. This certainly applies with India Palace, as its Twain/Maryland neighborhood leaves everything to be desired. Yet this excellant little place has had me returning over & over for yrs.  Seems like they've never changed their chefs, as the top notch food quality and its uniqueness has not wavered at all.  Service, cleanliness and pleasantness of staff also should be praised.笑
Average buffet line up, had great conversations with out of towners, met a couple that just got married, not a fan of the surrounding neighborhood.笑
We went here for lunch last weekend during our Vegas trip and what a let down this place has been. When we walked in there was no one there to direct us to the buffet or a table so we decided to just stand in line and pick up our food after which we had to search for a table and sit ourselves down. We flagged a server and asked for water which came almost at the end of our meal.

The food did not have any flavor at all and we felt that we were just stuffing our stomachs rather than enjoying a meal. The masala dosa was uncooked, tandoori chicken bland and i cannot even define the taste of the butter chicken. Finally we decided that you cant go wrong with dal rice but that again was under seasoned and tasteless. The sweet dish mentioned a mangao custard but it felt like thick mango nectar that was sweetened to the point of being inedible.

When the host was informed by one of our group members that the food could have been better he was arrogantly told that the food is purposefully kept bland to suite the taste requirements here. Well it is not about the spiciness of food but the taste that was non existent so we just decided to laugh and walk away.笑
Food was ok. Never expect amazing food from any of the India Palaces and Taj Mahals. There was a private party going on and the kids were running around, yelling and misbehaving. The restaurant should have closed admission to general public or have asked the private party for courtesy.

Service was good, food was mediocre. We went because this was the closest place and everything else had waiting. Rightfully so.笑
I definitely have issues doing dinner at an Indian restaurant that does a lunch buffet.  It doesn't make total sense but I usually prefer Origin India just for that reason.  But it was late, we had the craving and my wife had a great experience (lunch buffet) the last time she was here so we gave it a go.  

The place was still full of people at 9pm so that was a plus.  I was excited to see dosa on the menu but the waiter told me their grill wasn't on and it would take at least 30 minutes to get ready.  Ok. Nevermind.  There's a free mango lassi with a Yelp check in.  He tells us it's only good for one lassi per table.  Fine!

We unintentionally went vegetarian for the evening.  My wife always gets the saag paneer extra spicy and I went with the matar paneer.  Both dishes were very good.  The peas in my matar paneer were super sweet.  Maybe the sweetest pea I've ever had.  I devoured them.  The naan was pretty good but the aloo paratha wasn't worth the extra $1.50.  

I'll be back to try the lunch buffet but I think I am done with dinner here.  Use the Yelp deal!!笑
Worst experience ever I have ever had, food was OK but service was awful. We dint even get spoon for buffet. They gave us plastic spoons.笑
I had the buffet today. I don't think I can give a fair comprehensive review til I've ordered from the menu. Buffet is a different animal, ey? 

But the buffet was damn good. I don't eat much meat, but I just drizzled the sauces from the meat dishes all over my rice and sopped up with naan (flat bread). I agree with the other reviews that the naan was a little burnt, but maybe that's intentional? It was still fluffy and I kind of like my foods on the charred side anyways. Adds character. The naan is not on the buffet line, but a waiter will drop it on your table, I'm assuming so it doesn't dry out under the lamps of the buffet. Nice touch, Indians. 

The meatball sauce was awesome, on the sweet side and I went back for seconds and thirds. The saag paneer (spinach and cheese) was also good. But the paneer cubes were scant. 

The Kahari Goat (house favorite) was a little on the salty side, but still good. On the dinner menu, this dish is $15. 

The kheer (rice pudding) was good, too. Not too sweet, but still sweeter than others I've had. 

Their samosas were okay (I like Samosa Factory's mo bettah). They offer a couple different chutneys. Cilantro and ... mango maybe?

They also served raita, chicken tandoori, aloo tikki (little fried potato chunks, like Indian tater tots), and mango custard. Everything I had was yummy. 

They have a fat seafood menu, too, but no seafood dishes were offered in the buffet. At least not when we went. 

Their dinner menu looks out of control good. I'm gonna have to go back. A lot. 

The buffet had a really good variety for only $13. 

Manfriend got a salt lassi, which was not too salty. $2-3. 

For two buffets and one drink, the bill came out to $30. 

The restaurant is in a free-standing building on Twain, east of Paradise. Dangerously close to school. Small parking lot. 

The interior was surprisingly well-decorated. There's elaborate wood carvings and Indian illustrations decorating the walls. The walls are painted flat planes of colors, similar to Indian spices. The restaurant is pleasantly under lit. They don't just sport the name "fine Indian cuisine" for fun. Tables are elegantly set up with linens and all that fancy crap. Waitstaff is nicely dressed in uniform. 

The bar is constructed with a solid dark wood and there's a large flat screen behind the bar playing shitty Bollywood movies, no audio. 

The nice decor is surprising because most authentically ethnic restaurants are designed as an after thought. Like in old country. 

When we went in (lunch time on a Monday), we were only the second party. By the time we left, there were about eight parties. 

* off the strip, non-casino笑
I and my wife visited India Palace yesterday.  After good experience on our last visit, we were surprised with quality of food served. Very disappointing.
We ordered combo appetizer, goat with spinach curry and chicken pasanda

The combo appetizer came without fish which was part of menu. The server served the dish minus  fish saying that he replaced fish with vegetable pakora. What he should have done is to return to us and say that the combo platter could not be completed and whether we would to order some other item or we would like  it as he wants to serve.  This was  poor customer service.  Cost $8:95/- Did not get complete order.

Regards, chicken pasanda.  I have taken this food on many, many occasions in past, infact I grew up eating chicken pasanda. I've never taken chicken pasanda like the one served. It seems the chef does not know what chicken pasanda is and so does not know  to cook it. What is served something which they  call chicken pasanda, but not quite, this is unfortunate. Cost above $15/-. Don't try it.  You will leave frustrated

Regards, goat curry with spinach.  To call this dish disappointing is an understatement.  The goat dish has 95%  bone and 5% meat, mixed with puree of spinach.  Cost above $15/-.  Do not even think of trying this dish.  You will leave frustrated.
No rice or naan was served with any of the above dish.  Poor customer service management.  
I guess the moto of India Palace is, make money while you can.笑
Tonight was the second time my husband Duncan and I ate here.  It was even better than the first time.  We had a great deal off of Groupon that included 2 entrees, 2 glasses of wine and rice.  We ordered an appetizer that i cant remember the name of but had a really good cold yogurt sauce, and almost tasted like dessert.  We ordered The Okra and chicken curry both Extra extra spicy. I said I wanted to breathe fire, lol.  It was perfect!  The dinner actually got spicier as we ate.  We also had leftovers to take home.  Thank you we will be back.  And as a side note especially if you use "groupon" people, be sure to tip generously!笑
Was delicious! The service started out slow but the waiter we got was so cool and the food was amazing!笑
I'd like to consider myself a regular although I only visit this restaurant four weeks out of the year, which is whenever I'm in town for work. This is where I come when I'm craving my mom's homemade Indian food as this is the best place for North Indian food in Las Vegas.

Las Vegas has several options, but if you're craving fresh North Indian food, this is your spot. It used to be a hole in the wall years ago, and a bit less pricey, but they've stepped up their decor big time and have a small but classy bar setup now. They expanded their seating space as well, allowing for large groups; call ahead and request one of their private rooms that can be curtained off (I would estimate it seats between 6-12 guests, depending on the room).

You'll smell your usual Indian spices in the air, making you hungry. Worry not though, while waiting for your food you have both the papad they serve complimentary and Indian music videos playing on a pair of flat screens.

And when the food comes out, you will have no regrets no matter the choice. All around great food served in large portions. Of the 100 times I have been here, I have only literally had one bad experience. That's awesome.

Average vegetarian dish costs $13. Compared to other Indian spots in town (especially Tamba), this is a great deal for much better quality food. It's worth the trek from the strip!笑
This is our favorite Indian restaurant. The food is excellent, the portions are quite generous without being excessive, and the service is attentive and usually pretty fast.笑
Super fireeeee. One of the best spots for chicken tikka masala I've ever had. And the saag paneer. It was like an orgasm in my mouth every time. Lol okay just trying to give you a visual so you'll come try it. My sister and I have lived in Vegas well myself 3 years her more than 10. We pass this place all the time. This time we were finally just like let's go they got good reviews. We were not disappointed. Jaga was a fantastic server. The garlic naan too! Oh you gotta get the garlic naan. Gahhhhhhhh okay I'm done bye笑
India Palace has been my go-to Indian food spot for a while now. I stick to lunch buffets as I don't really mess with dinner at most Indian restaurants; its usually just the same served a la carte at higher prices. 

Palace along with majority of the all the Indian restaurants in town is located in a somewhat shady area just north of UNLV. While the area might suck, IP is probably the nicest building in the area which helps a bit. 

Going into a Indian lunch buffet I know exactly what I want to eat: chicken tikka (the boneless chicken chunks in the creamy orange sauce), saag (spinch dip with extra butter), samosas, rice and naan. Based of this, India Palace delivers a great lunch buffet. The food is refreshed regularly (frequency depends on how busy it is) and the quality has been consistent. My one gripe is that they never give you enough naan and make you wait when you request more.

The restaurant as I mentioned is pretty nice, recently renovated and is great for large groups or more intimate meetings but the parking is terrible. Service is average, they've messed up my check several times and I have had to call them out on it every time. 

Remember the yelp check in for a free mango lassie (only 1 per table wtf?) and the yelp deal!笑
We were attracted to the rave reviews that India Palace has gotten through Yelp. We were staying at the Cosmopolitan Hotel and had our own rental car so decided to drive out to India Palace for a quick dinner. Unfortunately we couldn't even taste any of the food that the reviewers on Yelp raved about.
We made  an Open Table reservation and got to the restaurant on time. We were immediately greeted by a person without any expressions (no problem) and without any knowledge of what Open Table was (no problem here either). We were seated immediately............... AND THEN............AND THEN........ NOTHING.... FOR A LONG TIME NOTHING.
Then came along our server. Brought the traditional Pappads and Chutneys and water and GONE.... AND THEN ... AND THEN..... MORE OF NOTHING.
He returned once again and without asking whether we wanted something to drink, he stated, "So what do you want?". We ordered some Chicken Tikka Masala and Lamb Seekh Kababs etc and ............. THEN WAITED...... NOTHING. NO ONE.
At that point I was done and questioning myself on leaving the fine dining available on the Strip and chasing this place out. We walked outta there angry and frustrated. Drove right back to the Cosmopolitan Hotel and had a Steak dinner.
This experience killed the whole desire of having Indian food in Las Vegas. The rest of the days that we were in Vegas we saw several options to have some Indian food however we second guessed ourselves and ate where we knew it was good.笑
Wonderful Indian dinner and a very good service gets this place 5 stars. Chicken tikka masala is truly a house special and aloo saag was superb. 
Really enjoyed the overall experience here and would love to come back when in Vegas. And ya special thanks to Gary for a very pleasant service.笑
AMAZING FOOD!! This place is moving to the top of the list! ;)笑
We visited on a random reco in January and were a bit sketchy because of the neighborhood (you have to call a cab for pickup) but we live in LA where usually the best restaurants are in a weird strip mall. 

The wait staff was terrific in recommending a bunch of options. We are vegetarians so we just asked what the house specialties were and had a fantastic set of 3 different dishes. We did hear another couple raving about some of the meat options so I bet those are stellar as well. Prices were very reasonable and it was only a $15 cab ride from City Center.

The staff was very friendly and we're going back the next time we're in Vegas.笑
Good Indian food. Have been going to this place for a long time. Sometimes they are out of South Indian dishes but if you ask them they might prepare it for you. I like their buffet as well. chicken tikka masala is to die for笑
Lunch Buffet is typical of most others.  Every time I've been, it's been good...  

Pretty typical buffet selection...

I like it, but it's not that special... Not sure what else to say...笑
Delicious buffet,  and I have tried several dozens across the country. Decent selection,  good salads and soups.  Free plain or garlic naans made to order, garlic naans were tasty and soft like I like. Spinach were creamy and not watery,  delicious! Meat morcels in dishes were of good quality. Keep it up! !
 This $11.95 lunch buffet totally hit the spot, this may have become my new favorite LV Indian buffet.笑
I've never been to India Palace, so it was on my list of places to try when in town staying at the Hard Rock. My buddy loves Indian food, so we hit up the lunch buffet today. We came at 2:45pm and they warned us they closed at 3pm, but Vic ended up letting us sit and eat until a bit after 3pm, and we didn't feel rushed at all. I though it was $12.95 for the buffet but apparently it was only $11.95. Had 2 buffets and a drink for less than the $20 for $30 Yelp voucher I had purchaed. Enjoyed all the food I tried, but the naan stood out as really good. Great value restaurant and a great vibe. Thanks, Vic!笑
I been here a few times with friends and each and every time there was issues mostly with service and how no one is attentive with refills or anything. Besides that the food is pretty good but for me service is everything and this place does not have good service. Our drinks don't  get refilled and have to flag down someone even though there are bunch of them just standing around.笑
The only Indian food in vegas worth eating.  I have been living here for twelve years and I have tried them all and seen many come and go.  IP is simply the best in quality of ingredients and taste,  the neighborhood is a little shady....but I guess you can't have it all.....enjoy!!!笑
We all enjoyed the food at India Palace.  It was the best Indian food we ever had.  The service was also great.  My girlfriend had the Tandoori Dinner and I had the Mixed Curry Dinner.  Both had real wonderful flavors and soaked everything up with naan.  We had a separate order of raita.  I don't think it came with our dinner dishes.  Overall, we had great experience and the food was just wonderful.  We would visit again when we return to Vegas.笑
I love Indian food my husband an I try different places on our date night, the India Palace is one of our favorites! Our server Vick was awesome!笑
Excellent service and amazing food. The Tika masalla and Naan was so good! The waiter was really nice. I had a long conversation  about India and the different cities in India. If this place was in Summerland it would be jam packed!笑
I've had many Indian meals and the Indian Palace has great authentic food, friendly staff, and a family atmosphere.  We will back for sure!  Try the chicken korma and/or masala - they were both uniquely spiced and ohhh sooo good.笑
Best place in Las Vegas for Indian food. I have tried them all. Trust me.笑
Good service, good atmosphere, average $12 per entree.
Having returned from a 3wk trip in northern India about a month ago, I was disappointed with the food.
* Mattar Paneer was alright - the peas seemed to be the frozen kind, very sweet.
* Chicken curry was too salty
* Goat Rogan Josh was good
* Rice and Garlic Naan were good.

My Indian coworker recommended Mint - I guess I'll try that one next.笑
This was such tasty punjabi food, I just loved it, we were visiting with family from India and even if my taste buds have changed a lot living here, they said this was the best that they have seen so far, the place got really crowded soon after we were seated that did not frazzle them a bit, service was awesome, food arrived in no time and in all one of my best experiences for Indian food in a place filled with visitors, can't wait to go back. : ))笑
I LOVE India Palace! Best Indian place to eat in my own humble opinion.   

BUT. I suggest you to try their lunch buffets before you decide for yourself. They have goat curry, which is total awesomeness. Their garlic Naan bread is the best I've ever tasted in my entire life. They bring it out all fresh too!  The staffs are SUPER sweet. 

I wouldn't eat dinner there though....especially if you are a girl... This restaurant is located at a pretty shady area.  If you really want to come at night, you should bring pepper spray and/or a taser with you.

I also wouldn't come here if you're a vegetarian. The veggie dishes taste and look boring to me...Sorry. I focus on meat. 

Parking sucks also. Don't park there if they have a truck there to restock their kitchen. Being the Asian female driver I am...I couldn't back out my car. So....a waiter had to do it for me. Yes. I know. Very embarrassing.....笑
we got the rack of lamb dinner - without knowing that it was enough for two people, we also ordered this masala dosa or whatever you call it (a huge crepe looking thing stuffed with potatoes and onions).  the lamb was delicious! and the rest of the food was just ok.
i am curious about their lunch buffet - probably would go try it sometime, but don't think i will be back for dinner.笑
I've been coming here for the last 10 years and I have yet to have disappointing food or service.  I agree the service can border on being overly attentive at times.  Everybody is warm and friendly and eager to have you as a guest.  I can heartily recommend India Palace to both vegetarians and carnivores alike.  I've visited with a large group of vegetarians and there were nothing but compliments.  So now the food:

The thing to start with, especially with a group is the assorted naan breads.  My favorites include Keema which is naan with minced lamb, Garlic and Poori which is fried whole wheat bread.  The naan rounds out what seem to some as small portions.  When you have naan, your entree of choice with the aromatic Basmati rice you have a very generous serving of food.

No matter what you order, I recommend getting rice as a nice complement to the sauces and curries.  I'm not a vegetarian, but enjoy the spices of the Channa (chickpeas) Masala.  The goat Saag in spinach and herb is delicious.  The meat is so tender and juicy it can best most steaks.  I can say that about the chicken and lamb as well.

To top it off, India Palace serves a great selection of beers from India including Hayward 5000, Taj Mahal and King Fisher.  I find Taj Mahal the most refreshing almost sweet tasting, and it goes well if you like your food spicy.

Bottom line: very attentive service, delicious variety, very tender, very juicy meats and Indian beer.  You can tell the ingredients are high quality and worth the upscale price.笑
I have been going here for years I have not found better Indian food in the city.  It's always been consistently good and I have to recommend Lamb korma.  They make it with cashews raisins and lots of cream and just a hint of spice which is exactly how I like it.  The garlic naan and plain naan are both amazing, please do try the vegetable samosas as they are far superior to the meat ones. The atmosphere is really nice too and they did go through a major renovation some years back which was well worth it.  It's not in the best neighborhood but believe me when I say make it over there as you won't be disappointed.笑
No freebies or know the owner. We were on vacation and was looking for a decent Indian food so yelped and saw good reviews for this place. Also they had specials of free mango lassi. So we decided to try it out.

Was a good decision. Went there and placed a order, when the server came to take our order I told him that I had checked in on yelp for free mango lassi. The server was unaware of it ( seems like he had just joined) so he went to the manager to ask. The manger was extremely nice so he he came to us personally and told that we will get free lassi and that he was sorry that the server was unaware of it.
 
The only thing they could change is maybe increase the potion sizes a little bit, other wise the food tasted very good.

Also the ambience was nice to............overall good place笑
After going to an Indian restaurant called Tamba on the strip(which is very expensive yet very bad), this restaurant is a relief. It has decent food(both veg and non veg). 

Pros:

Good Indian food in Vegas. Sambar needs special mention here. It is really authentic in taste.

Decently priced and serves buffet.

Staff is very friendly and good ambience.

Cons:

Far from Strip, so for dinner, it would be a bad idea. Lunch is fine.

Less number of varieties compared to other restaurants. The dessert could be improved a bit.笑
We went in after looking at the 500 odd reviews on yelp, but this place was a BIG DISAPPOINTMENT!

Paneer tikka masala: I wish I could take the chef/owner to a nice Indian restaurant and let them experience what a garlic naan and Paneer tikka masala tastes like. The naans felt like they were soggy and uncooked.

The goat curry :GOAT curry had OKRA, CARROT, GREEN PEAS , CARROT ETC.. It did have some goat but looked like it was the left over navaratan korma from the afternoon and he just added some goat to it.

Icing on top of the cake : When we told the waiter that the food was a disaster , he offered to get us one more of the same Naan ! 
Seriously! There are better places in Vegas to fill your empty stomach!笑
Very good food! I came here a couple times for their lunch buffet and paid about $17 (incl tip) each time. If you're a big eater, I would say it's well worth it. The staff is friendly and provided us good service each time.笑
It was a great time being at India Palace. I love the food and service both. Particular, Gary is the guy who provide us excellent service whenever I been here with my friends. He always recommend us few things and we enjoy 'em all. Thank you very much Gary, we truly like your service. I strongly recommend to visit this place if you fond of Indian food.笑
I took my cousin to try this place as she had never had indian before and was interested in trying it. She loved it! We ordered the chicken tikka and a lamb vindaloo. Both were excellent, but the chicken tikka was amazing. I was pleasantly surprised to see my old friend Vimil (Vick) working here now. He took great care of us. I love the location of this place, right next door to my favorite gay bar. I need to go back to try the lunch buffet. 

If you love indian food or have never tried it, I highly recommend this place. Ask for Vick and he will help you figure out what to order.笑
I am from the Northern California area (San Jose) and I am well aware of the buffet system with Indian restaurants, not to mention but I know folks who have worked in Indian restaurants. I can understand food being re-heated for a day or so in buffets. But this was horrible... they don't serve you fresh food, they serve you food who knows how many days old, my guess would be 4 days.... and the taste was below average, sure not a 4 star place.

All of us in our group could feel that the food was old. Its a no brainer 1 star when I don't get fresh food for the money I pay. I should say the food was so horrible, that I repented as to why I bought the Yelp deal.

And to top it off, Mothers day the buffet was $15 instead of the regular $12. ha haa... what a deal? I have heard restaurants giving discounts, now what do you call this - "Looting your money for stale food".. ??

There are better places around that I have been to, try them - Tamba, Mint. The taste was ok, but most importantly I ate healthy food.笑
My brother found this restaurant, asking local folks where they went for Indian food.  Certainly the outside of it would never have attracted us!

But ooooh, the food!  The lamb curry was good, the chicken vindaloo was delish, and the goat curry (yes, goat curry) was to die for.  Service was swift and friendly.  The decor was odd -- a cross between New Delhi and someone's living room -- but that went weirdly well with the sense that this was, in fact, some fabulous home cooking.笑
Wow! Found my new favorite Indian joint! The food here is amazing. I had dinner and ordered the Korma Chicken and lets just say I'm hooked. The flavor and texture of the dish was something I've never had before and I've been eating Indian food for a while. The atmosphere is great & open. Nice well stocked bar & Bollywood playing on several flat screens. I believe the  owner is the bartender & a Russell Peters look-a-like. LOL The night I came there was a bus load of Indian tourists but the restaurant was well planned in advance. Prior to their arrival I would say there was a fairly large amount of Indian locals so you know the food is good. The free mango lassi was a great compliment to our meal. Garry our server is awesome and attentive. He's been there for 7 years so be sure to ask for him to get the best service. All in all this place gets 5 stars and despite the area it was still a safe place to park and not worry about the surrounding area.笑
This place had yummy food and good service however their portions are small. We had to order an extra chicken Tikka masala to help fill our tummies and it's $15 for such a small portion. Garlic naan was awesome:)笑
If you're in Vegas and want Indian food this place fulfilled my craving. Spicy Lamb Vindaloo was so good. Service was great and they gave my son a free orange yogurt thing drink (that he spilled). Food came out fast too笑
This is my first foray into Indian cooking here in Las Vegas. So I have to say Im very impressed with the scope of the menu as with the freshness and flavors of the dishes.

Service was alright, not particularly friendly but efficient none the less though there was an older woman bringing out the dishes, she was amazing! I think she may have been one of the owners. Just amazingly warm and friendly, wish she was our server the whole time.

The tvs and sound system were playing Bollywood music videos which was pretty fun! They do have a full bar! Oh and be sure to check in, we got a free mango lassi. 

On to the dishes..

Chicken Tikka - Moist, fragrant, flavorful and oh so tender!

Chicken Tikka Masala - Big bold flavors, creamy and again insanely tender.

Malai Kofta - Similar to the Chicken Masala though not as spicy. Balls of cheese and vegetable sitting in a thick creamy gravy. 

Garlic Naan - Lightly crisp with a nice chew this complimented our dishes with the ability to scoop up the amazing sauces. 

Basmati Rice - Another amazing vehicle for the more gravy laden dishes. 

We'll be back!笑
Manpreet aka Manny is awesome. He totally helped us out and fed us soooo much food.....we could hardly move. Awesome food amazing service. A favorite when in Vegas.笑
Nice Biryani, Tandoori Chicken and great atmosphere.

Wish they were closer to my house!笑
This was one of the best Indian restaurants I have even been to... certainly the best in Las Vegas.
The food was delicious. Very friendly hosts and nice ambiance. Price was just right too.
Glad we found this Gem.... highly recommended.笑
Good food and huge menu, but service isn't always as responsive as it could be.笑
Came here to eat lunch because we had a restaurant.com voucher we needed to use. And it was during the lunch buffet so we couldn't use the voucher. We checked in to get the mango lassi so my bf and I did and then they told us we could only use one per table but they ended up giving us the second one anyway. The masala wasn't spicy at all and the karahi was okay. We didn't even eat half of the karahi. We ordered medium spicy. The older lady was our server and we couldn't understand anything and she was rude as well. She didn't even crack a smile! The older man with glasses was nice. He was the one who gave us a free mango lassi and another on the go.笑
A few of the staff members are sour pusses but others are very nice. 
Lunch buffet is ok but dinner menu is much better. 
Spicy Saag Aloo/paneer and Spicy Navertan Korma (vegetarian) with basmati rice, rieta and garlic Naan are my staples. That and a fistful of fennel as im leaving to calm the stomach ache on its was from how spicy it is. 
Northern Indian and DELICIOUS 
Always bollywood music videos playing LOL笑
The Saag Paneer is fantastic!! The spices are perfectly blended, but I was bummed they sent the appetizers (we got takeout) in a Styrofoam container so everything was soggy and not that tasty. In spite of the appetizer drawback the customer service is impeccable! I'll be back for sure.笑
Awesomeness! If you want to get a variety on a budget try the buffet that's starts at 11a. I love the owner too, he and his workers aren't afraid to make you truly enjoy your experience. They are very accomodating, and the food, mind you ice been there numerous times is alway on point! They always try new things last time we were there they have this 3 sauce tray with a spicy red a mint green sauce and a nice medium and all were good. I love that though sometimes they will just present new things for the evening and it always rocks. It was hard to find a true curry spot after leaving Cali. But here it is. We have goat, shrimp and chicken curry.笑
Probably, my favorite Indian place. Everything I have ever had here is delicious. It's also a good deal when you buy the yelp offer and when you check in you can get a free mango lassi which is like a mango milk smoothie. The bread, samosas, and the chicken masala have lots of flavor and good.

PROS: Everything
CONS: bad location笑
Just ate here for the first time and I'm stuffed. It was sooooo good! It reminds me of when my friends from India used to cook in undergrad. And Gerry was a great host and server. I will definitely be going back. Hopefully soon.笑
Food is good. Dosai is delicious. Lamb briyani is salty and chicken tikka masala is yummy. 

Services....
One guy is super nice and another guy is rude. 

They have lunch buffet but I prefer to order the food that can satisfied my craving.笑
Overall this place is excellent!! The food is spectacular!! There are many great food options for vegetarians as well which I found very nice, so thank you!!! On the night we were in they were very busy so service was a little slow but, they were very hospitable and that more than made up for it for us! I found that this place is a place that is like a hidden gem in Vegas. It may not be in such a great part of town but, trust me it's well worth every second...great food, bar, wine selection, vegetarian options, great people who work there, a place we will definitely be returning to again and again!!!笑
This place is seriously so good. We come for the wine and stay for the gnocchi! Some of the Albert I've ever had. 

Also liked the bread笑
This is the 2nd BEST Indian food EVER! We've been to the Middle East and had true Indian food and experienced the full cultural effect. Anyhow, we live in Orange County, Ca. and eat here every time we come to Vegas, which is pretty often! We've tried numerous places close to home and have found nothing that comes even close to India Palace. We always leaving enjoying the food of other establishments since we love Indian food but it always feels like something is lacking. We always get the same items: 
Papadum served with various sauces -you get this for free right when you sit down 
Garlic naan 
Chicken tikka- it's all white meat with onions and peppers!! 
Chicken Vindaloo- extra "Indian" spicy 
Peas Pulao 
Simple, easy and DELISH! The place is clean and the service is warm and friendly without being overbearing.笑
Great tasting food, large quantity, friendly staff, and a custom made ginger tea. Definitely the place to go if you want to eat Indian!笑
Fantastic lunch Buffet! Honestly best Indian lunch in all of Vegas. I lived in India for 2 months and this place is authentic North Indian cuisine and vibe. The location is in a somewhat rowdy area but once inside you feel like your in New Delhi . 

One thing the restaurant needs to work on is  better customer Service. It may be a  cultural difference between India and US but water refills , timeliness and politeness are what makes a big difference for the dining experience -- no matter how good the food and price ...

Ohm shanti笑
My wife was craving Indian food so we went to her favorite Indian restaurant.  I ordered a Taj Mahal beer & free mango lassi with the Yelp check in.  We ordered the following food items: Vegetable samosa, garlic naan, chicken tikka masala, & mixed grilled tandoori.  Everything was excellent as usual.  Our server Garry was very nice and helpful.  I promised to let everyone know that he was the best.笑
We are local and found this place and was very pleased.  This is one of the most authentic Indian restaurant's you will find.  Chili chicken and Butter chicken are theeee Best.

Customer Service: Very friendly staff!! Manpreet took care of us , Very nice people! And, service is pretty fast! I would say the wait for your food is about 15 mins or less! 

Overall:  MY FAVORITE Indian food restaurant!  Highly recommend!笑
I couldn't leave the restaurant before writing this review ...
It's amazing and vick ( the waiter ) is so professional. 
Food is hot and delicious ..prices are good .
Good place ..I recommend it .笑
I bought daal makhni and rice but daal was burnt. It had a burning smell and burning taste. Had to throw it out.笑
Delicious food. Ordered chicken korma (I ordered medium spice level) & chicken tikka masala (husband ordered spicy). Perfect spice level. Garlic naan yummy. Friendly & fast service. Easy & convenient to use my groupon purchased on my phone through yelp. We will be back next time we're in Vegas.笑
Authentic food and great service, a go to Indian getaway from the strip! Not as full for an early dinner, full menu and about 2 miles from the strip!笑
Good food but tried to use a restaurant.com certificate and they refused it. Nothing in the fine print said I could not use it tonight. Very shady!笑
Slow service, and a bit weird... A server brought our appetizer to the table and then proceeded to reposition it on the plate with his hand...

But the food is delicious! The atmosphere is lovely, and the serving dishes and glasses are gorgeous copper ware.笑
Great food and great service. Vick was awesome!! I live at henderson but I drive all the way here to get masala dosa! It's delicious. I highly recommend this place!笑
Good service, good food, and the portions are larger than most Indian Cuisine restaurants around Vegas. Totally recommend checking this place out! Don't forget to try the assorted naan basket!笑
This place is Awesome!!!! Vick met us with exceptional hospitality and recommended all the right dishes and drinks to satisfy my palate!! 
The Harvard 5000 was a rushing beer with the correct poignancy of alcohol. (Vick recommended).
Tandoori Fish is amazing, cheese spinach is so good Olive Oil would be happy the serve to Popeye. Everything was superb!!!

Thanks Vic!!

Robyn J笑
Man, I think we just beat the rush! 

3 of us took a cab over here on Sunday evening for a quiet, off-strip meal. The yelp reviews spoke highly of this place so why not? 

We grabbed our free mango lassies with the check in and also purchased the $20 for $30 deal as we sat down. Oddly our waiter was a little cold when he took our drinks order but by the end of the evening he was all smiles and jokes. 

The food portions were healthy without being obnoxious. 

Though the place was largely empty when we stepped in around 6, by the time we left, there were a good 20-30 people lined up for the buffet. Clearly a popular choice.笑
Vick provides Awesome service , very polite and very hard working and smiling person who makes you feel at home with his best service to cater to customers.

Food is the best Indian food in vega

Please do visit the place and I highly recommended this place to people who love Indian food and good service笑
In town for the weekend and myself and three friends decided to grab some Indian food. I'm from England and have eaten Indian food at many 
places. This is certainly one of the best experiences. Manny our server was fantastic! He was very friendly, outgoing and really catered to our needs

When I'm back in town I will 100% return.

#doit笑
We had lunch buffet on 28 Dec. We went looking at the reviews. It was a real disappointment. Majority of the items on buffet were not warm. Tandoor was a mess - chicken and red meat items were all mixed and kept in same plate.. when asked waiter showed no surprise and said that is what was available.. credit card machine was not working and owner was showing real attitude. visit if you want to eat stale Indian food and be served by people who are interested in showing attitude than serving client.笑
This restaurant has a good recipe of spoiling people's mood and vacation. This restaurant doesn't know how to treat it's customers!!! We called the restaurant 5 minutes before getting in to ask about the time for last orer and went there with plenty time at hand. When we reach there we were completely ignored for 7-8 minutes despite multiple tables being empty and making eye with the manager several times. When we finally literally stood in front of him,he asked us to go to any table. At the table, the manager comes up to us and says that we will only give you buffets. When we clarified that we just called before getting in that they will accept orders, he started saying that last order means we shut down!!! Seriously!!!! Check what last order means!!! And he was like this is what we mean and you can go talk to the owner. That's what the manager is saying and all of it pretty rude. After we spoke to the boss and we were seated, we were looking forward to having some south Indian food. Guess what, the waiter just comes to us and says we are not serving south Indian!!! They are really ridiculous!!!笑
I came here with my spouse and brought her using a Groupon. It was worth 35 dollars but they'd only validated if We spent at least 24 dollars more.  We decided to leave.笑
Food was good but the attitude of the restaurant was bad. We ordered dosas ad then asked for extra sambar. The new sambar was totally different from the earlier one and was very watery. On top of it, they did not tell us that this would be charged extra. In the final bill they charged 4$ for each cup of sambar. This is ridiculous. You should inform the customer when you serve them and not try to make money this way! When we complained regarding the quality and not being told, they took it off the bill. To the restaurant staff- do not do this again. Please inform the customer when you serve.笑
This is THE Place for authentic North Indian food in the Vegas area. You want to order from the menu for the right spice levels. Very nice wait staff. This restaurant has better tasting Curries than Indian restaurants in LA. Highly recommend paneer tikka masala, chicken tikka masala, dal. Even bhindi masala is fantastic. We were helped by a person called GARY. He is awesome! If he waits on your table you know you are gonna have a good meal :)笑
The best Indian food in Las Vegas!  We finally got a chance to try India Palace, and it did not disappoint!  For appetizers we had the veggie samosas and the onion kulcha.  The samosas were fantastic, the onion kulcha very good but I would probably try something else next time. We had chicken tikka masala and matar mushroom for entrees, both were scrumptious.  
   The food was on the spicy side in general, which we love.  Funniest part of the evening was after we'd been munching on the papadums with various sauces, one of the sauces was extremely spicy, and we told the waitress/hostess we'd like to have our entrees just as spicy.  She looked at us and said "You're white, right??"  I almost fell off my chair!  Apparently most Caucasians don't request their food spicy, all the better for us.   
     Everything was reasonably priced and evocative of the fantastic Indian restaurant we'd left behind when we moved here from New Jersey.  This is THE best Indian in Vegas, hands down.笑
Amazing Food!!! Felt Like sitting in India eating Goat Ragan Josh and Karahi Chicken with Onion Kulcha!!! Garry the server also makes you feel you are eating in India with his hospitality. India Palace is amazing !! The best in Las Vegas!!笑
Very worst food..and no mineral water. .
U could see lumps of white rice in chicken biryani..and one more they charged for extra raitha..and very high price for items but low quantity. .笑
1 star for free mango lassi thru yelp checkin. 
Below average food, uncleaned plates and glasses. Bad service. No water was given for the first round of buffet had to ask for it.  Very unhappy not recommended. THe guy with specs at the bar has a very bad attitude.笑
My fiancé and I found a groupon for India Palace so we thought we would give it a try. We've recently moved from NYC and haven't found our go-to indian spot...until today! Great food. We had Baingan Bharta, Bhindi Masala, and garlic naan of course. We will be back soon!笑
No one loves Indian food more than me! it's my chill grub when I want to just veg out and enjoy a good movie. The folks here at IP know how to do it best!

I had placed my order over the phone not knowing what to expect flavor-wise but following my motto of "try something new every day!" ... once I entered inside the restaurant was jam-packed which I took as a sign of great food!

Ricky greeted me, took down my name, asked if I had ever been there before and made me feel welcome. Although I was just ordering a variety of my fav appetizers he asked if I was using any of the discounts offered thru the app. I suggested that I'd save those for a larger order and he mentioned if I do use it in the future to ask for him for any additional discounts that can be offered!

Also, Ricky reminded me of my "free mango lassi with check-in" ... he was very prompt with their Yelp offerings and I appreciate that! After all that's how I found them. 

Quality and flavors of the food are easily 5 stars in my book! and I wouldn't hesitate to return in the future. 

The only downside is that the parking lot is small and there were a ton of taxi cabs picking up & dropping off. space is limited but once you taste the food you'll understand why. 

"hole in the wall" establishments always turn out to be the very best! Try it today.笑
This is my second time trying Indian Food in this place and both times I really liked it. In other reviews that i been noticing, idk why everyone is complaining  about the price. We had the app combo, chicken tikka masala, chicken curry, the garlic naan and for desert we had the kulfi pistacchio. The bill came out $52.65 which is a normal bill just as you would go elsewhere. Especially the entrees we had. The entrees "looked small" but damn we were so full. The staff and the service was friendly as well.笑
The chicken tikka masala was honestly the best I've ever had. The sauce was smooth and perfectly spiced. The cheese naan was very light and soft and perfectly paired the masala.The only complaint was that the masala didn't come with rice.笑
I got the mixed curry dinner with shrimp, chicken, and lamb. It was amazing.笑
My girlfriend and I ate here tonight.  We had a restaurants.com coupon and needed to spend $50 to get $25 off.  

  We started out with a bread basket with cheese, garlic and lamb naans, and onion kulcha.  The lamb naan was particularly tasty, but all four were fresh, hot and flavorful.  

    We then had the vegetable pakora, which was like deep fried vegetable fritters.  They were nice and crispy  

   My girlfriend, having Indian food for the first time, went with the safe choice of the chicken tikka.  Just about right spice-wise for her and she enjoyed the dish.  I, however had the lamb pasanda.  I ordered it with a spice level of 7 out of 10.  It came out perfect for my spicy taste.  It had a nice bite without overpowering the exotic flavorful blend of spices in the sauce. 

  All in all, we loved the food.  The service was a bit slow, even though there was only one other table of people when we got there.  The waiter also tried to change my mind when I made my entree selection, which was a bit annoying.  Apparently he thought a different dish would have been better suited to me.  The decorum was very nice, until you got to the tv hanging on the wall.  It kind of ruined the mood set by the lighting and the paintings.  Price wise we got a LOT of food for $50, enough to feed 4 people, but we will enjoy the leftovers.  I'd definitely go back.笑
It was our first time at India Palace and it was a terrific experience. Vick was a great server with recommendations and very attentive.  We will definitely return.笑
I'm a HUGE fan of this place ... wonderful, wonderful indian food.  I've eaten here four times in the last 2 months and each time everything's been terrific.  highly, highly recommend.笑
My husband and I went here for the first time.  The papadums were tasty and came with three sauces: mint, spicy and a brown one.  I like the brown one.. not sure what flavor it is.  The mint and spicy sauces were too spicy for me since I'm pregnant.  

Our starters was papdi chaat which was crunchy with a great taste.  For our main courses, we shared the chicken tikka and shrimp jalfrezi with rice and roti.  The rice is a huge portion which we didn't even eat half of.  The chicken tikka was very tasty with the onions and peppers.  The chicken tikka tasted even better with the brown sauce that comes with the papadums.  The shrimp jalfrezi was great over rice and placed on the roti.  The food is delicious.

The service was great.  Indians always know how to give good service.笑
Not the most knowledgable nor credible when it comes to indian food but this place was beyond amazing. If there was a party tonight, it was in my mouth! My taste buds were having a field day! I love saucy foods and many dishes were just that! Everything was sooo good. We ordered a generous variety everything from chicken, goat to lamb. could of done without the lamb skewers... Something about ground up lamb compacted together made the texture a bit odd for me.

The chicken Masala and Their goat dish as well as the mango lassi was also quite tasty, the ambiance was not too casual yet not too upscale perfect for date night, beer and service was also up to par! Check in on yelp for a free mango lassi ;)  Two thumbs up!笑
Such great food!  A wonderful way to spend lunch hour with my oldest daughter on her birthday!  Food is fresh and tastes great!   The prices are fair for a buffet!笑
Was excited to check out Vegas Indian food. Saw some good reviews but I'm at home watching football so I ordered a delivery. A little hard ordering because I had to repeat myself the same thing several times. Not a problem though. I actually consider that to be a good sign because it means it's authentic if the one on the phone must be the best speaker of English. After a little struggling while ordering I asked the price because the guy was about to hang up without saying it. All I ordered was chicken bartha rice and garlic naan. I told the guy I only had $40 so if they don't take a card, I hope it's less. He said, oh yes, no problem it's $30!!! Hey, no problem... Maybe it's actually worth it. Funny that when it arrived 45 minutes later in a small container with no receipt that the driver mysteriously had no change. For a cash only place, one would think the driver has change. Oh well, $40 for a $20 meal that was barely par level in flavor. Driver told me, " next time say you don't want a delivery fee. " Do you think I'm that stupid? Wow... There's not gonna be a next time! For a few extra dollars, people really know how to ruin a fair review. Although the portion was small. I found a clump of dried herbs in my mouth. Yuck. And really just OK but might be fooled into it tasting good if the driver wasn't so sneaky. And this is the highest reviewed in local area? No thanks笑
This place has great food! I love the chicken korma and the basil naan a bunch! Whenever I am in Las Vegas, I try and make it to India Palace. It's off the Strip but not too far away but would require a short cab ride, but in my opinion, it's better than any of the places on the Strip for Indian food. Give them a try!笑
It was not love at first sight for my friend Indian Food and myself. In fact, we hated one another pretty good in the beginning. All of that changed after my first experience at India Palace. To be honest, I've only eaten at two Indian Restaurants in my life. After eating here, I'm not sure I will venture elsewhere. 

So on a lonely afternoon my wife and I decided to ditch our co-workers and meet for lunch. Fortunately India Palace had a Yelp dealio going down where you get $30 of grub for $20, a stellar deal. No restrictions were mentioned upon purchase, however when I presented the coupon the server said it was only valid for dinner. After explaining there were no restrictions mentioned in the disclaimer or at the time of purchase he graciously accepted the coupon and we enjoyed their lunch buffet with two refreshing pepsi-cola beverages. I'm a huge fan of their tandoori chicken, but the meal wouldn't be complete without their piping hot, freshly baked nan. I could honestly make a meal just out of that. My favorite item at the buffet is the Chicken Tikka Masala, which is tandoori chicken marinated in yogurt & spices in a creamy tomato sauce. It's 8:45am and my mouth is watering just thinking about it. I even enjoyed a serving of their creamy spinach, Popeye would be proud.

The service at India Palace is always exceptional. The servers are friendly and attentive, your drink never stays empty for long, plates are whooshed away at lightening speed upon completion, and I always leave here feeling good about my experience and reminded as to why I've never gone to any other Indian restaurant. 5 glowing stars!笑
We were in town for an event and had the chicken tikka masala, the samosas, the orange drink with yogurt, the garlic naan and the fried fish.  Loved it all. Mostly like that it was romantically lit, and the service was ok.  I love trying different things.笑
I have gone there before and the food and service was great. When I discovered that I can have it delivered through YELP I was ecstatic. The same great food but not having to walk two miles to enjoy it. Great food and convenient delivery through YELP!!!笑
I can't say I'm an expert on Indian cuisine but this is my fav spot in Las Vegas. I know the location is questionable at best but the food is worth it. Best Naan in town. Saag Paneer, Chicken Tiki Masala and Vegetable Korma are great. Lunch buffet is $10 but it's a great way to try an assortment of what they have to offer. The place is small but it adds to the ambiance.笑
Food and service were both excellent. We had vegetable pakoras, the rack of lamb dinner, and fish tikka masala. Pakoras we're crispy and tasty. The lamb and the fish were both cooked perfectly, very tender. The side dishes and the custard that came with the lamb were all delicious. Everything came out quickly and well paced so we never had too much food on the table. Overall, highly recommended.笑
We went in with little expectations, food was absolutely delicious. We tried the buffet.. the spread was generous and at a pretty affordable 13$ pre tax. Would highly recommend paneer saag and the masala chai..笑
Great food but inattentive staff!

We were visiting Vegas for New Year's using the deal we got from LivingSocial. We had no idea that this was only for regular dining not the buffet. After a minute of standing there, somebody flagged down a waiter for us to have us seated (not sure if he was a diner or the owner but thank you whoever you are). We were seated in the corner and the waiter didn't seem to care because he left us alone for about 15 minutes without a menu or telling us what was going on. After observing everyone else, we noticed that they just got up and served themselves. Apparently it was a buffet. So, we decided to do the same. After we were done with our meal, that was when another waiter came up to us and told us that our LivingSocial deal was supposed to be for the regular menu not the buffet. He asked the manager and they decided to honor it. The meal was good because they had a variety to choose from. I just wished the had staff that were more attentive.笑
Interesting place. We brought a restaurant.com coupon and there were three of us. Service was... interesting. While I like attentive servers, this guy was a little TOO attentive. It was almost like he was another dinner guest, he was always at our table. We appreciated the suggestions he gave us for starters but it felt a little pushy and too much like an upsell. The Shahi Paneer was pretty good (that's my standard order, some kind of paneer). The kulfi was good, but not as good as Mint. I may come back but there are a lot of great Indian places much closer to me, so maybe not.笑
Not at all Indian. We ordered pakoda and chicken biryani. Pakoda is not at all fresh with sour taste and chicken biryani is made with chicken curry by mixing white rice in it ( for those who don't know how it's made its big process . Chicken is marinated with masala and rice is covered over top. ) . The cook must be picked from indian road side resturant not at all authentic indian food.we are from Texas not from Las Vegas .笑
India Palace is the best Indian Restaurant to my taste in Las Vegas.

I have been going here for the past 8 years and have not once felt the food to be unsatisfactory and only once have I found one of the staff members to be difficult (He hasn't been there for years, however.).

To understand the reasons why they are the best would take me the better part of a book, so with the exception of a few highlights, I will encourage you to experience this food experience for yourself - altogether a more satisfying experience than reading any review!

First off, since they are a ubiquitous and primary form of Indian Food consumption, I have to rave about their lunch buffet.  At about $13, India Palace will cost you that extra dollar or two over Mint (which is more Nepalese, if I'm not mistaken), Mt. Everest or India Oven, but not even Ghandi's excellent fare is close in quality and variety.  Every day there is a pilaf, lentils, Tandoori Chicken, a Saag dish, a Korma, a Tikka, a Masala, a Salad, both Mango Custard and Kheer, Naan and Sauces (Raita, Tamarind, Mint and a few others.).  For a vegetarian, this is one of the best buffets for you.  The break down always has at least 4-5 vegetarian selections in addition to the rice and lentils - most others are not nearly as diverse.  For the carnivore, the selection is by no means meager - at least 1-2 chicken dishes plus tandoor and a lamb or goat dish.  Alone, the spread is great, but, having eaten here dozens of times, I have to comment that the clencher for me is the fact that I can't tell a difference in quality between the lunch food and the dinner food.  This can't be said, in my opinion, of others.  

Secondly, I find, despite the opinions of others, the dinner to be reasonably priced for the quality.  If you consider that Indian restaurants are usually priced well-above other non-European, Ethnic cuisines, it is easy to think of them as pricey, but the complexity of Indian curries and the time-to-cook makes them cheap if you compare them to a steak.  Also, if you consider the consistent quality of the food, India Palace is worth the extra buck you MIGHT pay over Bollywood or Mint.  Additionally, I find them to be cheaper than Tamba or Origin.

What can I say, I'm a huge fan!笑
We had a special deal for this place while visiting Vegas so we tried it. Absolutely no doubt some of the best Indian food we have ever eaten. The only disadvantage to this restaurant is that it is way off the strip and difficult to get to unless you walk a mile or take a cab. The restaurant itself is extremely clean the service is excellent and the food is awesome. I would highly recommend this restaurant if you want Indian food while you were in Vegas however just expect to pay for transportation unless you have your own car. The rice is perfect the naan bread was absolutely delicious and we shared a vegetable korma dish that was absolutely divine. If you want inexpensive after dinner cocktails or drinks go to the bar right next door to the restaurant we were able to get five drinks for less than 10 bucks. The prices of this restaurant are very reasonable considering the high quality of food.笑
We eat here for dinner every time we visit Las Vegas.  The food is always excellent.笑
The food is really good and authentic. Always consistant. If you don't like your food too spicy I would recommend less than a 3 on the scale of 1-10. I asked for a 3 and the food was HOT. They have a loyal following in Las Vegas. I believe it's one of the best places for Indian in Las Vegas. My other favorite in Las Vegas is Ghadhi. 

PROS: 
Chicken Korma - mildly spiced chicken in a cream sauce with cashews, almonds & raisins
Baingan Bharta - tandoor baked eggplant sautéed with herbs & spices
Rack of Lamb - baby lamb chops marinated in yogurt & spices cooked in tandoor

CONS: Portions are small.笑
Great service, clean, and awesome dishes! Make sure to ask for Manny as your server, very nice and funny! 

Have a Haywards 5000 and the goat curry!笑
I've been all around the world eating Indian food. Especially, Dosas. Their dosas are mediocre. They're supposed to have a crunch to them. However, theirs came collapsed and slightly cold. The Malai Kofta we ordered was a touch bland. 

Now the tragedy...they charge $4 for a small bowel of basmati rice. I've never heard of ordering curry without a serving of rice. What a rip off. 

So bottomline is that you get mediocre food for a terrible price. I would not go back.笑
I couldn't leave Sin City without an Indian dinner. There are no Indian spots that I'm aware of in Henderson but the logistics of my visit had me spend the last night a few blocks East of the strip putting me in close proximity to several spots.

I chose IP since it was the closest and with car rental already returned I was walking it. Plus of my options it had the highest rating.

I had the Lamb Rogan Josh which the menu describes as "Kashmiri delicacy cooked with intensely hot & fragrant spices" which it was but it did not compete well with the LRJ I had in Philly. 

I did have something called 'Temrin Sauce' with the very thin wafer type cracker not Naan but if you've eaten Indian you know what my brain doesn't  but the Temrin Sauce was a treat t remember.

The goin out the door on IP is, I'm looking for a repeat of my LRJ experience in Philly and it could be IP's is more authentic and I'm simply DUH. There was a presence of Indian clientele so perhaps I am more DUH then IP is in authenticity. When I'm in these parts again I will give IP a try again笑
First off this review is for the so-called 'Customer Service' here, so let me begin. 

My friend and I had been waiting all week to finally come to this spot to try Indian for the first time.  I had read all the great reviews about the Chicken Tikka Masala and how good the garlic naan was so we were pretty excited about it.

As we entered we weren't really greeted politely, we were kind of looked at like we were lost.  I asked the waiter if we could have a table for 2, so he pointed and said booth 3, so we walked to the nearest empty booth he was possibly referring to.  We sat for about a couple minutes till the same waiter came over and said "you're here for the buffet right?" We looked at each other confused because it was our first time there so I asked him if we were able to order from the menu, he looked annoyed and went over and grabbed a couple menus and brought them over.

My friend and I were already set on ordering ourselves the Chicken Tikka Masala because of the great reviews and the garlic naan as well. We waited a few more minutes then a different waiter approached us and asked us if we were here for the buffet.  I politely said no we are first timers and not too sure what was being served at the buffet.  He then described all the choices, I asked if the chicken tikka masala was available and he had said no, I also had asked if the garlic naan would be available at the buffet and he said no they would have to make it in the back and bring it out.  He was really trying to push us to eat at the buffet but we were really set on trying the dish we wanted.  So he took our order of 2 Chicken Tikka Masalas and the Garlic Naan.

I then asked about the free Mango Lassi you receive if you check in on yelp.  My friend and I both showed our check-ins, then he says that only one person per table with a coupon gets a free Mango Lassi (which was NOT stated on the coupon or app that it only applies for 1 person. SO if you're going with a friend or friends, be prepared that only ONE of you will get a free Mango Lassi if you check in here)

During the time while waiting for our order no one approaches us and let's us know our food will be ready soon, or to re-fill our water cups or to check in on us at all.  

Finally our food comes out and it's a pretty small bowl of the Chicken Tikka Masala, a few small pieces of boneless chicken submerged in like 5 ounces of their sauce and spices, but it smells delicious, then a basket of the naan which really wasn't much since we both shared two pieces each, and a bowl of rice to share between the both of us. (I thought per order of a dish you get your own rice, but I thought wrong.)

Food definitely 5 Stars.  Being a first timer I was satisfied, but for the price of 2 bowls of chicken tikka masala, sharing a bowl of rice and an order of garlic naan (which came out to be a little over $20 each) I'm disappointed.  Not too sure if he had charged us the dinner price and gave us a lunch size meal. 

All in all my friend and I both enjoyed the Flavors of Indian food for the first time, but will probably NEVER come back here again.笑
My experience here was awesome the interior is beautiful & neat with some songs playing in the background  I and my husband loved the food our dishes were made exactly as we wanted to top it all Our server was Anthony & was a plus point to our experience he gave us suggestions on different dishes and also saw that we were completely satisfied. I shall  surely suggest it to everyone thumbs up guys.笑
It was not too long ago that I tried this spot for the first time. Waiter could've been more enthusiastic and less rushing, it wasn't that busy for dinner. Main courses were served in a tiny bowl. I got the variety platter. Sauce was filling as usual and good but the dishes skimped on the meat, which was disappointing because the bowl was already small. I wish the price could've been more proportional to the amount of each dish served. I'll try other Indian spots.笑
Since our last visit approximately 3 years ago, the restaurant has undergone a complete makeover so the dining room is quite nice though the immediate area surrounding the restaurant remains depressed.  We did not require our reservation as the dining room was empty.  Shortly after being seated we were served complimentary papadum and 3 chutney/sauces.  We decided to share orders of garlic naan, chicken tika masala, basmati rice and lamb sagwala.  The flavor and spice level of each dish proved to be too tame for my taste buds.笑
The only place we go for indian besides my kitchen!  They have some awesome indian beers too.  Try the mango dessert.  Be warned, the vindaloo wasn't spicy at all.  The tandoori & tikka masala rock!
I love it, I love it, I love it!笑
I ordered dinner take out. The food taste was 4 stars. One star reduced as the meat used tasted not fresh. Paneer was good. Rice seemed to be cooked hours back and left on heat.笑
This place is solid. Great (tender) lamb! Very cool naans(mozzarella; lamb).  I'm not crazy abt the shrimp my dinner mate ordered(a tad too 'medium' in texture)... But who orders (nonfish) Indian seafood? 

Manny was a great server! I'll be back when I crave lamb.笑
If ur looking for indian food in Vegas, this is the place to go. Food and Service was good. We ordered the goat briyani, Chicken Manchuri and garlic naan. First 2 items were delicious, but i personally felt the naan to be little dry but my husband thought it was perfect so i guess overall we both enjoyed our dinner here very much. Nyammy!笑
Not bad but not great considering all the Indian lunch buffet options. I would say it is a solid 3.5 but rounded up since they have mini dosas and sambar which I haven't seen at the other lunch buffets.

Their Garlic Naan was really good as was the sambar. 4/5

Chick peas were good as well but could have used a bit more kick. 3.5/5

Saag paneer was good, better than most buffets here that tend to make it too creamy or burnt. Not the case here but it could have use a bit more kick too. 3.5/5

The water is gross tap water that doesn't seem like it is filtered...I wouldn't drink it.笑
I came in for the lunch buffet and I was surprised they had more options than my usual Indian rotation (Mint and Mt. Everest). However, this place was quantity more than quality. The goat curry was really salty. Like really. It masked the flavor of whatever spices they put. The vegetable mikhana (veggie tikka masala) was off. Way off to a point it was sourish. However, the chicken mikhana, (chicken tikka masala) was actually tasty. I guess they cook it differently. The chicken was so tender it was shredding apart. I enjoyed their Palak Paneer as well. But the paneer was too tough for my taste; it couldn't pick up the flavor of the spinach and spices. Overall, I would not be able to fit this place into my rotation. 
However, service was great! My water was never empty and I was downing that water like crazy because of the goat curry. 
I went in on a Tuesday and they charged me 11.95 which is not right according to the information on this listing, or maybe they overcharged me.笑
I was searching for a decent Indian food while visiting Las Vegas. I couldn't have found a better and reasonable place. India Place has great food, good friendly hospitality. The pricing is also great. Above all, after roaming in the hot sun, I was quite contended by the awesome food. The house favorites malai kofta and paneer tikka are really good.笑
Been here about 3 times now...

This place is another good Indian spot in Vegas that does Chicken korma very well...so well in fact that my gf and I get the same exact thing instead of getting two different dishes and sharing.

I remember having lamb vindaloo once and that was also very good...they'll spice it up according to your liking.

The portions are good, the place is clean and the service is friendly.

It's seldom crowded so there's always parking in the small parking lot in front.

Be sure to check for groupon and restaurant.com deals.

They also have a lunch buffet but I'm seldom East of the strip to hit it.笑
First time having Indian food and it was definitely a wonderful experience! Absolutely delicious food!笑
Recently I had been here with my family. Being a south Indian we were craving for authentic south Inidan food and were delighted to find this place in yelp. We were 7 and all of us relished the food. Service was great. Kids especially " liked the tandoori chicken.笑
The  place  is  really  cool  . Food   is  awesome  . Serving s  quick  .  we  ordered  two  chicken  dishes  which  was  just   superb  . Gary  served   us  with   smiling  face  n   he  s   very courteous  with  plesant   persona  .He   certainly know s  the way  to  serve the  customer  in  a friendly  way  .Chicken  kadai  was  very delicious  . hotel ambiance  too s  quite  nice   but  just  wish the  location  wud  be on the  strip. we  would  again  visit the place  for sure  .笑
Lunch buffet was excellent. Good variety both meat and vegetarian. Brought choice of warm bread to table as well. Would definitely go back.笑
I went here for vacation and this place is AMAZING, many of the dishes are superior to any other indian food I have ever tasted. Especially try the butter chicken and the variety of meats they have! The customer service is great. They also respond really fast which is nice.笑
I love India Palace. The chicken saag is outstanding. The mint chutney is spicy and the service by Vick is second to none. Highly recommended.笑
Food is great here. Restaurant is clean and service is good. Only negative here is the tiny parking lot. We had 2 cars, one parked at the bar next door and one car parked at the Siegel Suites, don't park at the Suites parking lot, they'll put an annoying sticker that doesn't peel off saying you are in violation. 
Anyways, their food is excellent. Loved the chicken tikka masala and the tandoori chicken.笑
Fast service. Ordered the Chicken Makhani, naan, and the shrimp masala. Got medium spicy on the chicken and shrimp and they perfect. The waiter was super helpful and very nice as was the rest of the staff. Will definitely be back and do the buffet sometime. They were very patient with my son who is autistic. 

Edit: they gave my son mango ice cream on the house that was really good and very sweet of them to do.笑
Good food and service.
Malai kofta was best.
Baingan bharta was not so good.
FYI the place is off the main vegas blvd so please plan accordingly.笑
I love Indian food.  India Palace is probably the best Indian food you can get in Vegas.  The service is great.  The food...even better.  There are only TWO suggestions I can make to management.  #1, please change the GOD AWFUL television playing on the wall.  It is like watching a Mexican sitcom.  They all look the same, everything is over acted and nothing is funny.  Well, the same can be said about what is on the TVs at India Palace.  #2, I like wine.  Servers at India Palace will cork the wine behind the bar and bring an uncorked bottle to the table.  This is a BIG NO NO in wine service.  See my review of The Broiler in Hawaii.  Anyway, visit this place.  The TV is terrible, wine is uncorked (wine faux pas) but the service and food are spot on!笑
I wish I could get here more often. The service is very good and the food is amazing. The seating is nice. This place is much better than more popular places I won't mention.  Took a friend here and we were both very pleased. Everything was top notch. Give it a try.笑
Vick was personable, attentive and had many great recommendations and made dining here very pleasurable. The food was staggered and kept coming. Start to finish everything was delicious. I get into town 3-4 times per year and definitely will be back next time. Don't miss this little hidden gem off the Strip!笑
My girlfriend never had lamb until India Palace.  She enjoyed the lamb rogan josh house favorite.  My favorite is the chicken tikka masala.  We tried the saag Paneer and the spices and flavors were amazing.  The service was great and the restaurant was very nice to enjoy a special date night.  We will return when we are craving Indian Cuisine!  The flavor was worth every calorie!笑
Out of all the Indian spots here in Vegas this is definitely my favorite. Chicken Tikka Masala and the Lamb Rack Tandoori are my favorite dishes! The lamb tandoori always comes out sizzling hot to your table and the chicken tikka is always the right amount of spice and good portion of chicken. Also, we order Goat Curry but I wasn't too much of a fan. I usually don't step out of my comfort food when it comes to Indian food. Personal preference; if it's not Bryani, Tikka Masala or Lamb chances are I won't be a fan. Regardless though my out of town friends and family always rave about this spot when we stop by. It's always a go to for them. 

If you want something spicy their scale goes from 1-5 order a 4 for some mild spicy and 5 for their medium spicy. We got a 3 and there was no taste of spicyness here. That's pretty consistent from my previous visits. However, they serve complimentary chili and dipping sauces with flatbread. A little of the green and red chutney sauces goes a long way. 

The service is great though! The gentlemen are always full of smiles and check on their tables often. They were even kind enough to let us use two of the Yelp $20 for $12 deals. Probably because we had a really, really big to go order as well. The food was able to stay nice and hot and no spills on the joy ride home for my family to enjoy as well. It all came in a paper bag and was secured tightly. I mean that's really important when you order curry and you have a long ride home. 

On your way out next to the toothpicks they have these seed looking things. I'm not sure what they're called off the top of my head but I will be sure to update when I remember. Regardless take a teaspoon full and eat it. It helps settle your stomach and it's a culture remedy for heavy foods.笑
I've eaten at most Indian places in town over the years. This by far has been the best quality and best tasting Indian food in Vegas. The atmosphere and service is great. They have a traditional menu but the only place in town that has goat curry which is amazing.笑
Stopped here for a quick to-go order for lunch on our last day at vegas before driving to airport....got vegetable Biryani.....and that was awesome, wish we had known about this place earlier, would have definitely tried the buffet and other  dishes. the dinning area looked good and the hosts were very warm too. Would surely visit whenever in vegas the next time.笑
Horrible service. We ordered a delivery. They said 45 minutes but after an hour and a half it still wasn't here. We tried calling but they didn't answer. When we finally got hold of them they said that they are too busy and hung up the phone. We called again. After several attempts they picked up the phone and said that we must wait another 25 minutes  that was after already 1.5 hours waiting. 
We got the food after 1:45 hours. The paper dosa was dry and not crispy at all. Obviously it wasn't fresh. 
They forgot to deliver rice笑
Awesome food. Great atmosphere. Food was a bit expensive but totally worth it. Went on a Thursday evening and it was still crowded. Usually a really good sign considering that the restaurant is in a weird part of Las Vegas (looked shady). The inside of the restaurant was really well decorated and we felt comfortable once we settled in. Checked in on Yelp and got a free mango lassi. Wow...really tasty.
Had the samosas and aloo tikki. Both good. Had the non veg curry thali and all the components was fantastic except the mango custard. Next time I will try something else. It came with Lamb in spinach, chicken tikka masala and shrimp curry. Excellent. 
We will be back soon笑
Simply the best Indian cuisine in town one of the oldest restaurant their own family does the cooking I haven't came across an Indian cuisine better than this place please try. I think India Palace is one of the only place that also serves all À la cart with the during lunch time  most others don't they only Service buffets at that time笑
This place is fantastic. They are very accommodating and friendly. Definitely q new fan favorite when I visit Vegas.笑
oh man this was good.!! taste and ambiance of the place was nice. 

chicken masala was good.

The waiter was nice explained some dishes he new it was my first time here when I asked for beef curry...my bad.. 5 stars all around.笑
Although a buck or two more than others for the lunch buffet, it's worth it! It's the tastiest I've had so far. 
The manager was very helpful pointing out the vegan offerings, even offering an all I can eat from the menu if the buffet didn't suffice. It did and was very tasty. He even brought me lentil crackers, since their bread was non-vegan. 
Nice atmosphere inside, nicely decorated. 
For my personal taste (shared by very few ) it was too salty, but my friends found it very much to their liking. I checked in for the Mango Lasi, but gave it to a friend bcuz it's non-vegan. My friend loved it.  
It is where it is, but you're driving, right? If you like Indian food, check this out. The owner is from Punjab.笑
Came here for lunch buffet. Very dissatisfied with the food. Everything was so sour and poor quality. Very disappointed.笑
TERRIBLE SERVICE but good food. Pretty pricy for curry. If you wanna see the most unfriendly servers, this is the place to go. I will never go back there, tho.笑
the food here is amazing.. we go here a lot and cant stress enough that how much we love this food..Ask for Garry...he is an amazing person and his customer service is great...everytime we go there Garry takes care of us really good..the food is always exactly the way we want and we get everything even before asking..garry is great...笑
Best Indian food 
Delicious food, more quantity, less price and full of flavors 
Totally recommend..!!!笑
We purchased a Groupon to try this place out and ate there earlier this week. My sister in law was in town visiting and is a vegetarian. She was so happy with the selection! I tried at least one bite of every dish (we ordered a lot of food) and every single thing we ordered was delicious! The food was amazing and the service was good too. I suggest you go!笑
Very bad food. Not of good quality. Paneer tikka wasn't grilled and was fried instead of that. Same goes for paneer tikka in this case the paneer was raw instead of grilled. Wouldn't recommend it.笑
We had dinner here a few weeks ago. The taste of the food was excellent. However, what was very disappointing was the portion size of the dishes. We had garlic naan which was good and an eggplant dish and chicken tikka masala. The chicken was cut in chunks and there were barely enough pieces to equal one chicken breast. No exaggeration! Same with the eggplant--barely enough to share with another person. Buffet lunch may be a better deal. Extremely disappointing for such good food and high ratings. No future visits here.笑
Well, what can I say...we went to our favorite Indian restaurant again today. First time enjoying Indian food in this new year. I had my chicken biryani and my girl had chicken tikka masala with garlic naan. Food was delicious like always. Even better customer service by our favorite waiter Gary. Wish I could give this place 10 stars. Amazing food and Awesome Vibes. Can't wait to go back with our friends. Keep up the great work Gary. Hands down the Best customer service.笑
Food tasted good.

Service is slow and place is not tidy. I have seen server clean tables and then next minute, serve food without washing hands.笑
This is our second time coming to this place and my last. This first time the waiter was rude but i chalked it up to maybe he was having a bad day. This is now my second time. I don't mind waiting for a table but when you do finally seat me and don't hand me any menus. At first I gave them the benefit that maybe they were super busy but here we go again same server and same bad attitude.

I had to get up to find another worker to give us menus. And when the server finally came to the table to give us water I asked him for lemons and the mango lassi that I ordered. I waited another good 10-15 mins before having to get up and flag the server down to ask him for the lemons and drink

Further more when they never came back to check on our table or refill our waters. Throughout the whole meal and time we were here the servers were clearing the tables which is normal but the kicker was they didn't do it in a quite discrete manner they were slamming cups and plates down to the point where we could not even here our conversation. 

When we were finally ready for the to go boxes and the check we had to flag him down yet again and wait another 10 mins or so for the boxes and when receiving our check it was charged wrong. Big surprise. At this point there was only about 3 tables including us. And they weren't short on staff at all. 

As for the food it's good but nothing that I can't get at some of my other Indian spots with great service! 

I think the only reason why this place has so many stars is because it is the closet one to the strip with nicer decor. But I would give up nicer decor for better food and service at a place that values there customers!笑
After watching the movie, Life of Pi on Blu-Ray, I was craving for Indian food. Found this place thanks to Groupon. My friend and I decided to hit up this place after she was done drunk shopping at Fashion Show Mall. LOL.

Came around 6 for dinner. Right after we sat down, there was an influx of customers for dinner. Whew. Got the orders in and didn't have to wait long. Ordered the following:

Appetizer Combo - Samosa, Aloo Tikki, Veggie, Chicken and Paneer Pakora. This was the first plate that came out. Duh, it's an appetizer. It's pretty decent and sharing it with two people is good enough.I enjoyed the samosa and the paneer pakora the most. 

Chicken Tikka Masala and Fish Tikka Masala with plain Basmati Rice. Ok, so the entree is where my heart somewhat melts. Got them both at medium spicy. It was too much gravy-yyy and not enough meat. Meat - gravy ratio: 1:3. 

Bottom line, I would hit up this place again, but would try the lunch buffet.笑
So good! My husband and I hadn't had Indian in a long time, and the waiter there was so nice and helpful. He gave us great advice based on our preferences and what we'd be sharing. The food was marvelous, the service quick and friendly. Plus, we loved that they had a selection of Indian beers -- the perfect complement to the spiciness. We'll definitely be back.笑
We have known of this place for decades and have never been disappointed. The chicken tikka marsala is the best we have ever had. Paired with cheese naan and peas palau makes this a craving one must delve into regularly.  Also enjoy the vegetable pekora. 

We enjoyed the eight dollar coupon found on the Yelp site. The restaurant has been updated and the staff is friendly and courteous. 

Although the neighborhood can feel a little rundown, the overall experience is still very good and the parking lot has easy access to the restaurant. 

We have also had the buffet and it is very good if the chicken dish mentioned above is not your thing.

Mint sauce is soooo good. We will be back again next month for the regular fix.笑
The chicken korma is so good my wife's  exact words where "my vagina gets wet every time I eat this sauce"...... ONLY IF I HAD KNOWN!!!笑
We had ordered chicken tikka masala, dal makhani and naan there. It was simply YUM!!! Daal was tooo good!!! The lady of the place was really nice to us... Its definitely a to-go place for us on our next trip to Las Vegas...笑
My experience with dining at Indian restaurants are pretty much buffet, buffet, non-buffet, and buffet. India Palace is probably my 2nd favorite right now but it's probably still a 3.5 star place. It's located on the south side of Twain some where between Swenson and Paradise.  It's not in the best locations but it's not that far from the Strip or University which is always good.

They offer a lunch buffet M-F for pretty much the same price as every other Indian lunch buffet north of $10. The selections aren't huge but for what they offered mostly delicious. Again I'm not that experienced with Indian food so I don't even know what the dishes are called so I made a plate of everything I liked and took a pic. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/india-palace-las-vegas?select=vWiliowVruUMaseO6VB4sA#HZgrIxObIsFSwoe5_ea8lQ There were a couple dishes which seemed spicier than the other places I've been to and I really enjoyed. The garlic naan here was the best I've had. The red chicken was spicy just the way I liked it. There's potential to be my favorite place but I couldn't, I only really liked maybe 3 or 4 of the items on the buffet.

At the time there was a free lassi with Yelp check-in unfortunately they only accepted one for our entire party but I got it haha. The mango lassi was good, great way to end the meal.

The interior is nice with many tables and a few TV's playing Indian movies. It seemed like a pretty full bar. Their parking situation isn't great. Sevice was alright. I'd be back, during day.笑
Sorry to say this is not a restaurant I would return to. We eat Indian on  are regular basis, and I would say the food is average, maybe a bit above, however the main issue was the service.

Our waiter was extremely friendly, however we were there on a Friday night, and there was not a crowd, it was a best 20% full.  First, they had a full bar, but they were NOT serving drinks.  Apparently they sent the bartender out on a delivery, and no one else could mix drinks.  Why they did this on a Friday night is totally beyond me.

We also had issues with the waiter, while friendly, both waiters I noticed spent the majority of the night on the phone.  Not taking orders, just talking.  We struggled to get their attention when we needed to, and several things were missed on our order.

Food was extremely reasonable, however the service issues were simply too much for us to overcome, and thus we will not go back.笑
I loved your curry and great service! Curry was just right. I loved it. Great location. Loved the experience. Thank you!笑
Excellent service, authentic indian food and very very courteous staff makes this one of my fav indian restaurant in Vegas.笑
great taste of Indian food,  one of the best chicken Tikka masala I ever had in my 45 yrs of life.  As an Indonesian Chinese, I have had Indian foods in many countries, and India Palace is one of the best I have tried worldwide.

great friendly service, nearby Palazzo Hotel where we stayed.
Thank you !!!笑
I don't usually write reviews about places, but after eating at this delicious restaurant, I couldn't resist! Not only was the food served fast, and full of flavor, but was probably the best Indian food I have ever had ( and I have had a lot of Indian food in many different states across the U.S.) Our waiter, Vick, was extremely kind, attentive, and he went out of his way to make us feel welcomed. Hands down, he is probably one of the best waiters I have ever experienced. During our stay in Las Vegas, we went to many high end restaurants, but we enjoyed the food and service at India Palace the best. Wish we discovered this jewel years ago. I'm glad we stumbled upon it while on this trip.笑
Mediocre food. As you walk in the pictures with various celebrities welcomes you and sets the bar high on the food quality. The waiter was a little rude himself and was not properly attending us. Secondly, only a few hand picked  food items are good. It was interesting to find 
 the quality of dosas well done in North Indian restaurant (Punjabi) but the actually North Indian dishes made from paneer ( Shahi and palak) were not that great. This is a good place to try but not a place I would frequent very often during my business or personal trips.笑
Very good service and the food was excellent oh gotta get the fish melts in your mouth !笑
Excellent service.  Our waiter was friendly and on top it.  Filling water glasses.  Providing chutney and pappadam.    Food was tasty and timely served.  Try the paneer tikka.  Naan was fresh.  Chutneys are the best.   Would visit again when we visit Vegas.    Really good service.    We only ate vegetarian since it was Tuesday.  Worth it and excellent.笑
After the long drive from longbeach,CA to las vegas in that horrible long weekend traffic, we managed to have a lot of fun in the sin city for the whole night just hanging around on the strip and at the random bars. It made 6 of us feel like kings until we decided to have lunch buffet at this place.
I ordered a "plain lassi" assuming it to be salted lassi and the old waiter assumed it to be sweet lassi and so i asked him to get me what i wanted. He came back really rude and said mean words while we had our food. My thank you was ignored and he made scronful faces instead. He got the check way before we were done with the lunch. And, eventually while we were leaving instead of a formal thank you, he passed mean comments. I was really offended. Such a bad experience after an amazing night.

****HORRIBLE SERVICE ****
****RUDE OLD STAFF****
****BLEND FOOD****
****WORST MENU****

There are much better indian buffet all over veags. I would never go back here.笑
Dinner specials are the best bang for your buck! Located near the back of the menu you can spend $20-$25 and get naan, choice of soup, entree, two sides, basmati rice and a refreshing mango dessert (almost like a thicker mango lassi)

Service is quick and food is delicious.笑
I love India Palace. It's located in a not so prime location but once you enter the restaurant, you forget what the exterior is like.  The atmosphere has an elegant feel to it but doesn't require a person dining to be dressed up.  The servers are all friendly and are very good at checking up on their patrons.  Their food is delicious!  I have tried their chicken tikka masala, chicken saag, lamb saagwala, goat curry, lamb briyani, samosas, and their naan bread (garlic is my favorite) and they were all so awesomely delish!  Don't forget to order a side a mango lassi cause theirs is definitely one the best in the valley!笑
We showed up in a large group and they were awesome. The customer service was second only to the food. OMG, the food was excellent!
Please stop in of you get the chance. Great place for Indian food with great service!笑
Buffet on weekday which I went was not delicious. Customer service regarding cleaning and removing plates is pathetic. If you sit in the corner during buffet they do not pay attention to serve your table.笑
Great food, great service, and very helpful recommendations. They were on point with the water refills :) Garlic nan, butter chicken, sag paneer, and eggplant barta were excellent! Can't wait to go back :)笑
Had family in town and wanted Indian food. Took them there. 
Service was very slow 
Kept on asking for mild and gave me hot.
Food didn't taste good, too much spices, Bitter tasting compare to Indian food I've had before. 
Place is cold, didn't turn the heater.  Won't go back there again. Don't recommend it笑
I stopped today to try the lunch buffet.  What a great idea it was and thanks to my fellow Yelpers for their reviews that helped me make my decision.

The restaurant was almost empty when I arrived at 12:30.  Service was excellent and I know it would have been even if there were a lot of people there.

While I was looking the buffet over, the waiter brought me an iced tea as requested.  Shortly after returning to the table, another server brought me a basket of fresh naan.

Here's what I tried:

Vegetable pakora - good but not a lot of spice
goat curry - nice spice and very tasty
saag paneer with cheese - flavorful with a nice zing
basmati rice - standard
naan - plain and good
chana masala - excellent with a nice spiciness
bhindi masala - this was noted as a house favorite.  I didn't think there was anything special about the okra nor the potatoes and it lacked much flavor
navratan lorna - good
karahi lamb - nice flavor and good spice
chicken tikka masala - excellent
ras malai - excellent sweet to end this feast

Lest you worry that I cleaned the place out, let me assure you I didn't.  I took small portions of all these things just to try them.  Since I was alone, I had a great time watching the Bollywood Bang-Bang music videos on their TV screens.  

I'm anxious to come back for a relaxed dinner with friends and enjoy being served and trying some things on the evening menu that don't show on the buffet.笑
Awesome food and desserts.
I had lunch buffet and all of their items were awesome ( I had vegetarian food)  and their kheer is a must!笑
This review is for their lunch buffet.

I was so lucky today.  The buffet had my favorite entree and dessert, all for about $10, which normally would have cost me close to $20 easily.  

-Goat Karahi:  The meat was so tender and flavorful. Place a piece of this delicate meat on a piece of naan, add some white onions and a squeeze of lemon...what do you get?  Yummy yummy in my tummy!

-Kheer: Traditional rice pudding made with basmati rice, milk, sugar & saffron.  I can eat 2 bowls of this easily.  So DeliCious.

They constantly bring out naan to you when your basket gets low.

Aside from these 2 awesome things that I eat from the buffet line, they also offer other dishes like the pakora, aloo gobi, chicken tandoori, and many other dishes and desserts (my friend had mango custard and she said it was very good...I vowed to try it next time by not overstuffing myself with the kheer).  Their menu changes though.  The other time that I was here, instead of the goat karahi, they had lamb vindaloo.  Instead of kheer, they had gulab jamun (milk cheese balls soaked in a honey syrup), which was a sad day for me :(.  I expressed to the server with a pout, indicating that I would much prefer the kheer.  Next thing you know, he brought out a serving of kheer just for me!  Yay to the awesome server!

Therefore, if there are certain items that you like, you might want to call ahead to check out what's on their line.  Other than that, if you feel adventurous, please check this place out. I will definitely come back!笑
It was the surprisingly pleasant facade that brought us to India Palace on a Sunday evening.  As we drove through the parking lot, we were stunned to see how busy it was.  The private lot was packed and we took the last parking space.  (There were still cars coming in as we walked into the restaurant.)  Could there be private event?

As I took a quick peek in, it didn't seem like it was closed for a party.  We took the last of the two tables available, which was our luck since the rest of our dinner there was a large group of people waiting.  Checking out our fellow diners, and we were surrounded by Indians and non-Indians.  This place was was ridiculously busy!  As a result, it took awhile to get our orders in and for our food to come.  It looked like a new restaurant inside with the simple decorations and complementing paint choices.  (As other yelper mentioned, they just renovated.)  A lone TV behind the bar showed Bollywood videos throughout the meal.  They also have two smaller rooms off to the sides.

The Husband and I both ordered a Mango Lassi "Sweet yogurt based shake made with mango pulp." ($3.95) to start and it was probably one of the best I've had.  Presented in a copper cup, I would say they give you more than other places do.

We both chose a dinner special, which comes with chicken or dal soup; choice of bread - plain naan, garlic naan, or roti; basmatic rice and mango custard.

The Dal Soup "A traditional veggie soup with delicately spiced lentils." was simple, but tasty.  A nice start to our meal.

The Garlic Naan was a generous amount, and we actually had leftovers.  It was tasty with lots of garlic.

My Vegetable Dinner Special included "Saag Paneer, Navratan Korma, Dal Makhani, Raita" ($19.95).  The Saag Paneer "Creamy spicy spinach with chunks of homemade cheese." is usually a favorite of The Husband's, so I let him have most of it.  It was good, but not my favorite. The Navratan Korma "Mixed veggies with cheese in a creamy sauce with cashews, almonds & raisins." was a favorite though, probably because I love creamy sauces in Indian cooking. The Dal Makhani "Lentil delicacy flavored with onions, tomatoes, ginger, garlic & cream." was also very good as well, because I love lentils and cream!  The Raita "Yogurt seasoned with cumin, cucumber, tomatoes & mint." has never been something I could enjoy, so The Husband enjoyed most of it.

The Husband went for the Rack of Lamb Dinner Special "Rack of Lamb, Malai Kofta, Aloo Matar" ($25.95).  The Malai Kofta "Cheese & vegetable balls in an aromatic gravy." was a bit interesting, as we would say.  It's considered a "House Favorite" but it was just a bit weird for us.  The Aloo Matar "Green peas cooked with diced potatoes and aromatic spices in a curry sauce." was yummy, as most Indian curry dishes are.  The rack of lamb was also good, and loaded with tons of onions and bell peppers, which The Husband ate up.

The Mango Custard was a light simple liquid custard drink with chunks of fruit in it.  Not exactly what I call a custard, but more like a thicker lassi.

Service was okay - when our waiter finally took our order, the food took awhile and our bill took awhile too.  The women serving the food could use a little brush up on how to clear a table.  Simple things like clearing the soup bowls before bringing out the other food might help a bit.  We were seated at a small table, so it was crowded with all our mini dishes.

Overall, India Palace served up some good Indian food.  In general, I love the intense spices used in Indian cooking, and you definitely get it here.  I can't say how authentic it is, but from the many Indians eating there, I take that as a good sign.  It is a bit pricey though compared to other Indian restaurants.笑
Went there for their South Indian food however they were out 
Ordered their Punjabi veg food and it was awesome笑
Great food!  Such great ambiance and I am a total India food foodie.  If you are looking for a great place to eat Indian food in Vegas...  THIS is your SPOT, because it hits the SPOT trust me!  You will be glad you ate here.  :-)笑
Surprisingly nice all round. The neighborhood is no great shakes but the restaurant is top notch.笑
Don't let the neighborhood scare you. Everything we have tried is delicious and the servers are friendly. The lunch buffet is a great price with lots of choices.  I wish  we lived closer so we could go more often.笑
One of my favorite Indian joints in Las Vegas. On this run we got Panner Tikka Masala Garlic Chili Naan Tandoori Chicken. All bomb! Definitely recommend coming here. I'll be back!笑
Best Indian food in Vegas. I have worked at Indian restaurants and my closest business partners are Indian. When it comes to food Indian in Vegas, look no further than India Palace.笑
Went to the lunch buffet, very yummy!! Unfortunately they didn't have the chana masala, which i heard was very good, so I plan to go back and try that. I had a mango lassi, it was creamy and delicious, complemented the flavors of the food nicely. and the service was super friendly and attentive! Great decor too!笑
This is a very good Indian restaurant. Everything we ordered was very good. Garlic Naan and Onion Kulcha were very good. We got there at 5 mins to closing and they were very gracious to let us in anyway. We will definitely come back.笑
Can't say enough about the wonderful people who work and run this place! Super nice, friendly and helpful. 
The food was very, very good. Ordered tandoori mixed grill, chicken tikka masala, basmati rice & garlic naan = aprox $55. More than enough for both of us to be stuffed. 
Sketchy area so be careful if you're not familiar with areas.笑
Have been here thrice, always for their lunch buffet. The price is decent and the food is awesome. Their food is not too oily and they bring really fresh bread to your table. The ambience and the music is a nice touch too.

The mango pudding is so freaking delicious it takes you straight to heaven.笑
If I could give India Palace 100 stars I would. From customer service to quality of food to quantity of food I give them the HIGHEST rating and praise. But that's nothing. Here's the real review. I ordered a delivery order on possibly the worst day of the year; Rock and Roll Marathon. East to West travel was completely halted across Las Vegas Boulevard South; The Strip. Not knowing this at the time of my order, we ordered. A little while later, Roy, the manager called me to tell me that the roads were closed. But instead of giving up, Roy personally went miles out of the way to bring us our order. He didn't have to and frankly most managers would have just cancelled the order and moved on. Not Roy. He went WAY above and beyond the call of duty to fulfill the order. And don't ask me how he did it, but the order arrived piping hot and DELICIOUS. Oh, and let's not forget the icing on the cake, because the order took longer than expected, he refunded me 30% of my order. This is what I call customer service and also what I call my ONLY go to Indian restaurant. I HIGHLY recommend India Palace. Say hi to Roy for me.笑
Nice place. A bit noisy. But the second time we went the service was better and food much better.笑
We've been looking for a good Indian restaurant in Vegas since we moved from NYC and read about India Palace so decided to check it out for dinner.  It was pretty quiet on a Sunday night.  There were only a few other patrons, which is a shame because our experience at India Palace was great.  As other Yelpers mention, they are located near the Strip but on the border of a crappy neighborhood.  I wonder if they were in a better location if they would have more diners, but I digress.
They served papadum and 3 different dipping sauces when we sat down, which was very nice.
We started with the kheema samosas for an appetizer.  The shell was nice and crispy and not greasy at all.  They were filled with delicious ground lamb and green peas.  I thought it was wonderful with the date sauce (the dark brown one) on it.
We ordered the chicken korma and chicken tikka masala for entrees.  Both were very good.  The chicken was very tender.  The entrees didn't come with rice, as has been our experience at most Indian restaurants, so we had ordered a side of peas pulao rice and garlic naan.  I loved the rice with peas and nuts in it.  The garlic naan was also very good and not greasy at all.
Service was attentive and all the staff very friendly.  The restaurant was neat and clean.  There were TVs playing Bollywood which was fun.  They weren't on too loud and I always find it hard to not watch!  Our waiter provided us with containers to pack our leftovers.  If we weren't so full, I would have liked to try their dessert menu.
Our dinner came out to about $60, including tax and tip.  Indian food is always a little pricey, so I thought it was good value for what we got.
We enjoyed our experience here and will definitely be back to try other menu items, the dosas in particular.
They honored the free mango lassi for checking in, which was delicious with my meal. Thanks Yelp!笑
I have been to many Indian restaurants around and this one is by far the best and my favorite. It was refreshing to be greeted by Manny with such spectacular hospitality as if we were family and the customer service was amazing! He was extremely friendly and pleasant and made my experience there top notch. Vick was wonderful and helpful as well. The food was phenomenal, much so that we went back two more times during our stay in Las Vegas! Every dish was so absolutely delicious and seasoned perfectly. Also, the portions were quite generous and they had a huge vegetarian selection. With service and food that was out of this world, there is no need to go anywhere else! I will definitely be returning every time I go to Vegas. India Palace is my favorite place to dine in Vegas!笑
Great food, great service and excellent location. We ordered the dinner special.
It is a great deal. Get to taste a bunch of items. They have good beer selection too.
We got a mango lassi on the house!笑
GET the Rogan Josh! Had dinner here with a couple of close friends. I'm glad my buddy recommended this spot because we had quite an Indian feast.笑
With all the selections of themed places (yuk) I wanted tom find a nice mom and pop in a sea of coyote ulgies. This one looked good and I am very happy to report it lived up to it's recommendations. I had some nan bread and chicken curry and it was great. Seemed like a clean tidy place and the staff was very friendly and attentive. I will be back!笑
If it weren't for a groupon offer, I would have kept on driving by this restaurant. It's not in the greatest neighborhood, so I never would have gave it a second thought.

However, I am glad we took a chance and we highly enjoyed our meal tonight. 

We ordered chicken korma, chicken tikka masala, 2 orders of garlic naan, and 1 plain naan.

Both curries we flavored just right. We ordered medium, but could've have handled a bit more kick in both curries. Naans were yummy as well - soft and fluffy. Garlic naan just had the right amount of garlic. 

The place was quite busy tonight, however service was not lacking. Nicely decorated interior as well.

I'd recommend this place if you were in the area and are in the mood for Indian.笑
One of the worst Indian food places in Vegas. In case you want to eat and taste only chili paste, come and order spicy food here - especially stuff from theta door like kebabs. I typically never leave reviews, but this is one of the places where they asked how the food was, and despite telling them it was terrible, they did not bother to take any action. Anyhow. Hope this helps someone. My last time here for sure.笑
Food was amazing!  I know this is coming from a white boy, but after living in Chicago and SF, India Palace is among the best I've had.  Portions are large, so you'll probably end up taking some home.  There were three of us, had samosas and three entrees, and took enough home to eat for lunch the next day.  Great service, great food, great atmosphere.  Can't wait to go back.笑
Zagat rated pretty much indicates that a restaurant is quite excellent. And they're correct with this place. Best Indian food in Vegas so far. The only place that I know of that knocks this place out of the map would be Curry In A Hurry back in NY. But. This place will do. Unless I visit NY again! Go for buffet during lunch. Great price and selection.笑
when an indian woman gushes to me about an indian restaurant, i usually take her word for it and rush over there and expect a good meal. 
i mean, i just assumed that she should get to decide what good indian food was. 

anyway, that's not the point. 
after we paid and we were waiting for a cab, a bunch of men standing by the door gave us a handful of seed looking things from the restaurant counter. they put a handful in their mouth and chewed with glee! and told us to eat it! and it tasted like soap/pepper seeds! and i kept thinking, "WHAT THE HELL WAS THAT?! WHY DID I JUST EAT THAT?!"

anyway, that's not the point either. 

THE POINT IS: 
i forgot the left over chicken ticca in the trunk of my car. 
for two days. 
BUT AFTER TWO DAYS IT WAS TOTALLY FINE AND MY DAD STILL ATE IT AND SAID IT WAS GOOD! 

five stars!笑
Had the worst customer service experience possible. First of all , there wasnt a server who came to attend us for almost 20 minutes. When we did ask them, they were very rude and told us tht we were lucky enough to even get a seat. This happened eventhough there wasnt any waiting.  At last, when someone did attend to us, they didnt serve us any food for atleast 60 minutes. After which we did complain to the owner who was no better then any of the servers themselves.By the time we received our food, everyone else who had arrived after us were done with the food. We were really dissapointed with the discriminating attitude and rude behaviour of everyone in the restaurant. Even if the food is good , that doesnt explain the bad customer service. We were in vegas for a trip but  they really were the worst people in whole of vegas we have been to. So i advise all tourists, If you dont have  atleast  2 hours to waste   and on top of it listen to the rude attendants, dont even bother being there.

NEVER AGAIN!!!笑
Food is not really fresh. The taste is just average. Confused why so many good reviews in yelp. 
Took buffet lunch and paper dosa and chai. Paper dosa was thick and no taste at all in chutney or sambhar. 
The staff isn't polite. Asked me if I want any drink without showing menu. Did not bother to ask if I need anything else during entire lunch or for that matter even show up their face so I could tell them. Muttered something unclearly "server something" when I asked for the chai ordered and left. It was like they are just serving for the sake of it. 
My husband got sick right after eating buffet. I am not from Vegas and will advise others against it who wish to go here based on reviews .笑
We come here all the time and are always impressed at how great the food is.  I love that they serve hot, fresh garlic naan with the buffet.  And today they had Ras Malai!  Love it!笑
First time here and I love it!!! the service was good and friendly. The food was delicious. I recommend the chicken curry with bone and the goat curry. ask for Anthony for a great service. plus they have fresh naan!!! yummy. whenever in las vegas and you like Indian food this is the palace to go.笑
Ordered bhindi masala and tarka daal. Spice level was very adequate. The tanduri roti was really good as well. Definite recommendation for someone who is looking for authentic north Indian cuisine.笑
Great service, and delicious food! Always seems to be plenty of staff on hand and your glass hardly ever gets below half full. The neighborhood isn't the best, but India Palace is worth going out of your way for.笑
I had a hankering for Indian food and had been meaning to try India Palace. I grabbed a friend and we headed on our way. 

As others have said, the neighborhood is a bit sketchy. The restaurant is nice inside and looks recently renovated. The staff was extremely friendly and seated us right away. 

The food is good. Really good. They immediately brought us papadum and a few various sauces. We ordered some garlic naan (delicious) and the Bombay fish (decent).

We ordered chicken tikka masala and Reshami chicken along with two orders of basmati rice. I ordered the tikka masala as spicy as they make it. It was spicy but, I wanted tears and didn't get any. It was still delicious. It's the best Indian food I've had in Las Vegas during the 5 years I've lived here.

Great service, great atmosphere, and great food. Go!笑
Some of the best Indian food in Las Vegas!! Their Naan is to die for and the chicken tiki masala is mouth watering!! Their lunch buffet is damn good too!! If you like Indian food....you have to try this place!!笑
Worst Indian food ever!! There are much better Indian restaurants in Vegas. Sour food , bad service and not worth your penny ! Never visiting again笑
This is one of my favorite restaurants in Vegas.  If you enjoy Indian food this is a must.  I always get chicken tikka masala, they manage to get the spice (I go very hot) factor just right to my liking. Staff is great and the prices are very reasonable too.笑
I would be giving this place a 4 but they really really irritated me. 

OK so all that aside, the selection is good the atmosphere is good, the two times I have eaten there the food was IMO overly salty but not enough to keep me away. 

Now the third time I go in there, they were down right rude. There was NO ONE IN THERE and we asked if we could sit in the little room by the windows. Yes we asked politely and were answered by; 

"No, Sit here" *points to dark dark corner* by some older lady who seemed to be having a bad day. 

I responded by gently telling her we did not want to sit in the dark corner and we wanted to read a bit while we ate so.. we asked again if there was anyway we could sit here or is there some reason we can't?" 

"No, Sit here" *points to dark dark corner* 

Oh man so I stood there a second wondering if maybe we were having a language barrier issue and this nice old lady wasn't intentionally being rude. So I look to the young man who was holding the ice water pitcher. He looked like the woman scared him $hitless and he pretty much tried to usher us to the dark seats. oh man 

So I turn to my girlfriend and we both walk right back out the door. 

we went to India oven down on Sahara and las vegas blvd. instead. 
and yes they have good food and good service. They even let us in before they were really open for the lunch buffet.笑
Well, I had tried Origin India, Tamba, Bollywood Grill, and India Oven. 
None of them compare to the tastes of India Palace that I experienced in Oct 2009. Everything tasted great, from the mango lassi to the chicken tikka masala.
The only negative was that the waiter's Indian accent was very thick and he tended to speak quickly, so he wasn't always easy to understand - even for a well traveled person like myself. 
Still, I'm yet to find a better Indian restaurant in Las Vegas.笑
My go-to place in Vegas for Indian food. Staff is exceptional and very accommodating to my food allergies. I feel safe eating here. Try ordering a hot tea or coffee with the spicy foods and it will set off the delicate flavors and take it to a whole new level. You can also order items with less spice. Btw their coffee is good and VERY strong!笑
This restaurant was a wonderful experience. It's located in a seedy part of the road, but it is a find. You know when there's a limo in the parking lot, that's a clue.

They have an extensive menu, so we tried the Aloo Tikki appetizer, and it was four tasty fried cakes and very good. Then, we ordered the basic items we use to tell one restaurant from another.

The Lamb Korma is great, with more lamb than most others, and the lamb is very tasty and tender. There is enough sauce, so you can have just sauce and rice, too. Yummy. The Chicken Tikki Marsala is very tender, again with more chicken than usual. Very good sauce. The garlic naan is perfect. Very lightly crispy on the surface, and chewy inside, with a dusting of herbs for good looks. 

You know, every dish here is pretty, too.

They make a firm vodka martini, and the recommended Taj Mahal beer was just right.

Good service, very attentive, and "Auntie Tarala" will tell you with a lift of her eyebrow if you get it right. The charming manager stopped by to answer questions, and be sure we were happy. We were.

So you can have a lovely Indian meal,  at a reasonable price, without the noise and crowds of the strip, just 15 minutes away.in an easy drive. The parking is a free lot.笑
There are a few times that you come across a restaurant that really tingles your taste buds with every spoonful of every dish, this was what I felt when We went there (India Palace) for the Lunch buffet. It reminded me of the best of Indian food that can only be tasted in the old streets of delhi, where they have been preparing such recipes for ages handed down the generations. This is what you get at India palace. I was awestruck at finding such sumptuous Indian food in Vegas.....Hats off to the chef. If you love Indian food or would like to try it, don't waste your taste buds at any just masala & curry Indian restaurant....But go enjoy the true preparation of Indian cuisine @ India Palace as you will truly discover the true indian food preparation that will take you on an epic food rendezvous. I had to wait and talk to the owner (as he was on the phone) to thank him for the journey I took (through those old streets of India) with every spoonful.....Keep it up. A true gem....found only in Las Vegas笑
It's the worst indian food ever, Service is too bad.

 
They have spring rolls in the buffet, these rolls are not even worth of a try  I just took a byte and left it there.Tandoori was a joke, over all food is really bad tasted like leftover's.

Looks they don't care about the customers, that's how the service was. If you go there get ready to be treated as if u r a free customer.笑
This place is amazing! Not only is the food delicious and authentic, but the service is unparalleled. We came back here after a great experience last year and weren't sure whether we'd be disappointed but we couldn't have been more wrong! Our server Manny was so thoughtful - he told us we'd get a free mango lassi if we checked in on yelp and also about a $20 for $30 deal! Best Indian place in Vegas!笑
Came here on a Tuesday for the lunch buffet. The restaurant opens at 11. We arrived about 11:10. The buffet was limited in selection. The food was luke warm at best. The first plate of naan was not warm. When a second plate was brought out it was fresh and hot.笑
Indian Food is my favorite and India Palace is the place to go! The waiter Vic was so helpful and sweet笑
Ah, the site of my first Indian experience.  I remember it fondly.  It may have been almost two years ago but the taste of curry lingers long in my soul.  It was a rainy night in October of 2010 and I had a Groupon half priced offer.  So I grabbed a friend and went.  He had tried Indian previously and knew to order the garlic naan.  Delicious.  He ordered Tikka Masala.  I ordered Chicken Sagwala.  Both were quite good.  I ordered mine with medium spice.  It provided that great warming sensation without being too spicy.  Though I did need some Tums shortly after.  The meal started with the aforementioned naan as well as something I can best describe as Indian chips and salsa.  Crispy little pieces of flat bread with three different sauces.  One was very strong with the red chili flavor.  One was heavy on the mint.  The third I recall as being sweeter and almost fruity.  All very good.  I was surprised at how much food I received.  I was very full afterwards.  I had to walk around the Boulevard Mall for a while before continuing on the my next stop (see my review for Hofbrauhaus).  After eating at India Palace, I knew I was hooked.  The flavors are intense but balanced so well.  I drive by some times when in the University neighborhood and I am always tempted to stop in. I am usually short on time and cash though.  In any case, the food was great when I went.  The service was okay.  The restaurant was clean and comfortable.  A good first experience.笑
Excellent food the flavors, the environment and the service. My server Garry came to check on me several times and took great care of me 5start experience!笑
Double Date night and we thought Indian would be a good choice.
The India Palace reviews, over all seemed pretty good so away we went.

The food was really good. We stayed mostly with the "house favorites" listed on the menu. I always feel these are the restaurant's recommendations and a good place to statrt. Chicken Marsala, Lamb Vindaloo, Chicken Tandori, etc. All was really good. The Nan was amazing, Onion & Garlic. Yum!

The service was super attentive, and quick. Easy behind strip location, right down Sahara to Twain. 

And would I go back, Fo'Sure笑
Excellent food at a very reasonable price. I find the atmosphere nice and the service has always been good. If you are a tourist I'd say its worth venturing off the strip. If you're a local its assumed you know of this place and its quality.笑
Ok, so I came back again and had deplorable service. The good food wasn't good enough for the slow, in attentive and at times rude staff. Not to mention a side of regular, plain rice is $4.笑
I have been to India five times and love Indian food. This place is fantastic!  The menu has several things that are not usually on the menu ( vada, dosa, goat dishes and ground chicken).  We started off with papadum served with three fragrant dipping sauces- coriander chutney, chili chutney and  tamarind. I was already sold. Each one was flavorful and pungent. We then moved on to an all vegetarian meal. The Dahi vada ( lentil cake with yogurt and tamarind )were to die for- moist, with a thin aromatic sauce. They are often dry with a heavy sauce not here !  We also has Malai Kofta, which was also delicious, aloo tikka with channa, and Bindi Masala (okra). I cannot say enough good things. We were three people and we had a lot of leftovers to take home 
Our waiter was Garry and he was all smiles and so appreciative that we liked the food. I can't wait to go back!笑
Very good buffet lunch spread and a mango lassi worth yelping out!!

This place is way off the strip and a 
 pitstop worth the ride for all Indian food fanatics. The mutton / chicken dishes are good and nothing beats an all you can eat buffet for under $12 !!笑
Visited twice to the India Palace restaurant on my trip to Las vegas. The ambience is good. As soon as you enter, you could see the photos of various bollywood stars which sets very high expectations but the taste and quality does not live up to the standards. Both the times of my visit, we had buffet for lunch. The idly is supposed to be soft and fresh but it's the exact opposite. The sambar tastes sweet. For the desert, they served mango custard with cut fruits inside which is purely an essence and not freshly prepared. The north Indian sabji were not great. The rice, dhaal and raita was good and tasty. Overall the restaurant is not as advertised and does not live up to the high yelp review ratings.笑
Awesome dishes! U gotta try the chicken tikka masala and goat kadai. Finish off our dinner with the Mango lassi & it tastes amazing!笑
Everything was alright. Except when I presented the yelp coupon, the waiter gave a bad look !!!
PS: The bill came to 0 after the coupon :p笑
The driver was late and the food was WAY too little (quantity) for the amount we got. $60 for what amounts to be appetizers. Really go EFF YOURSELVES. And we tried to call the manager because the order was wrong anyway and they gave us the run around. Save your money And go to a buffet. These guys are crap.笑
Worst restaurant ever. I LIVE DIRECTLY ACROSS THE STREET and they made me come down from my high rise. They forgot like half my order and totally jipped me and my friends by giving us no rice with two of our curries! how rude. The food was cold and bland. They gave us one slab of naan for 5 people and we used to order from them all the time and they couldn't find my house?! I LIVE ACROSS THE STREET笑
Good food.  Fresh naan and tandoori chicken.  Service was real good as well.  After eating lunch, won't be hungry until breakfast next day.笑
Best Restaurant experience in Vegas!

I had purchased a Living Social deal at the last minute.  We ended up going with a huge party.  I had a peach drink that was on fire.  Don't recall the name of it. It was delicous!  Our server was really great.  Made spot on suggestions cracked the occasional joke.

For a table of 5 we ordered rogan josh, sag paneer and two orders of chicken tikki masala, two orders of rice and two orders of garlic naan.  Everything was just delicious.  Not a negative thing to say about the entire meal.  

Highly recommend!笑
I tried this place back in July while on vacation. It was a pit pricey but the food was absolutely delicious. Some of our favorites were the chicken masala and the chicken tandoori. The garlic naan bread was really good. We tried a lot and everything was good. Now the service was amazing! Our waiter was attentive and nice! The decor is great because it doesn't look cheap! The inside of the restaurant is nice. The parking isn't very large.笑
Last Sunday I took a friend from Oregon to India Palace.  I've been there many times and each time is as good or better than the last.  The renovations make it quite lovely inside -- used to be pretty drab.  We had the buffet and I had honestly forgotten how much it cost so was pretty surprised to get the bill:  under $25 for two!!  

The rogan josh is out-of-this world, but everything on the buffet is delicious.  The flavors are wonderfully blended and some of the dishes are moderately spicy but not hot-hot.  The naan is included which, as you may know, can add quite a bit to the cost of your meal if you order from the menu.  

I've been to several other Indian restaurants in Las Vegas and India Palace has never disappointed.  My friend was suitably impressed and is looking forward to going there again on her next visit.  And am I being anti-PC to say that we were the only non-Indians in the restaurant that afternoon?  That speaks well of the place.  OH -- and if you have an Entertainment book, there is a coupon although it's not good for the buffet, but at $11.99, who needs a coupon?笑
This place is awesome!!! Great food, decent prices,& very fancy inside !
Yum yum yum!笑
Let me start by saying, this was my first time having Indian food.  I was a little worried because I'm not too sure I like curry.  Didn't think I would like Indian food, but my mother-in-law wanted to do the lunch buffet for her birthday.  She and her husband spent a year and a half in India.

Wow!  With the exception of some chick pea salad thing, I liked everything on the buffet, and I basically tried everyting.  The Chicken tikka marsala or "butter chicken" was so yum.  My mom-in-law called around trying to find a lunch buffet with this dish and only India Palace had it, so score!  I also really liked the spinach.  Not sure what was in it, but it had a spicy kick.  There were also these vegetable fritter things which were great.  Sorry, I can't be more descriptive, but I was overwhelmed!

The service was great.  I believe the owner was waiting on us and he talked to the in-laws about India and really made it a good experience.  Cute decor.  Parking is tight.  Overall, I would definitely recommend this place.笑
Every Indian in Las Vegas eats here. If you're not Indian and you want to eat where the Indians eat, this is it. It's the Bomb. and I don't mean Bay.

Everyplace else is like the toilet that kid hid in in the movie Slumdog compared to this.笑
Excellent Indian Food ! Hard to find such authentic Indian food in USA ! Very Good service by Vik. Will definitely come again !笑
Awful...The restaurant was  completely empty. They sat us, gave us a menu, waited 15 minutes and the waiter returned and stated  we could not order off the menu due to a catering event they had for 700. Offered us a buffet option which we declined and departed. So we went to Satay on Paradise. Much better!!笑
I live out East and have dined here during my last 2 trips to Vegas. The food is very good, the staff very nice. Well-sized portions as well. Good value for your money. Will definitely go back & would recommend this place to friends.笑
Casual environment, nothing fancy. Delicious food. Will be coming back. Nice service. Their pistachio Khulfi was my favorite. Brother Ordered chicken Tikamasala; I don't eat meat, so I order fried veggies and okra veggies: a little too greasy for my taste, but yummy.笑
Excellent food.  I got the Tandoori Chicken with the medium spiciness which was perfect.  The chicken was perfectly cooked and the flavor was really, really mouthwatering good.  I also got the Basmati Rice, which was perfect as well. The cheese naan was worth it as well, very soft and fresh with great flavor.  I love the mint sauce that came along with it and the brown sauce was excellent as well.  I will come back the next time I'm in Vegas for business, I ate a bunch of high-end high-rated food in the resorts while I was here and this is what stood out the most.  I'm partial to this kind of stuff, though, but ultimately I'd love to try many other things on their menu after the awesome flavor and great quality of the food I had here this evening.笑
First time here! Simply awesome! Tried the buffet for new taste options. Goat curry is delicious! Rice pudding is perfect dessert with an Indian coffee! My brother had the goat briyani. Very good,  spiced just right! We will be back!笑
I had the chicken tikka masala and it was delicious. I would have to say this is probably the best masala I have tasted in a long time and I have been to many Indian restraunts around the country.  The Bryani also was tasty! I will be back soon! The flavors were amazing in all the dishes I tried. 

AC笑
For the price, and total satisfaction with the meal I give this restaurant a 5. We stopped in while doing laundry at laundry mat next door. Price is reasonable, service was good, food was very flavorful. Totally recommended.笑
Apart from the mediocre food, the service is worst. They don't honor yelp deals. Definitely a place to avoid.笑
Sunday night: January 10, 2010. Indian Food Heaven. My bf yelped this place while we were thinking of a place to grub my last night in Vegas before heading back home Monday morning. When we first walked in, I thought, "Wow...tons of Indian customers and wow...very classy spot." We started off with some flat breads and a couple different dipping sauces. Very delicious! For our entrees we ordered the Chicken Tikka Masala and the Lamb Curry and of course being total mcfatties we ordered 2 different types of Naan bread. Ohhhh how I love Naan and ohhhh how they made them just right! And to finish off with dessert we ordered some Indian ice cream, I had the pistachio and he ordered the mango. Very different, but very good as well. The service was also quite excellent. I definitely didn't think we'd find an awesome Indian restaurant as this one that night. Definitely gotta try this place out if you're ever in Vegas and looking to dine off the strip.笑
We had a Groupon - $20 for 2 for dinner. EVERYTHING is ala carte. I think rice should be included at the price they ask for entrees. We had an eggplant dish and Chiken Tiki Masala. Neither of them were large portions, just adequate. I don't like any restaurant that charges for something that should be part of a main dish. The food was good, nothing amazing, we would not recommend going for dinner, go for the lunch buffet. Service was nice, décor nice as well, but there just isn't good value.笑
I am from Los Angeles and we have many good Indian Restaurants and this is right up there with the best. Their menu featured dishes that I had not eaten before and everything was delicious. If anyone is going to Las Vegas for great food give this a try. It's a must.笑
The food was good I'll give them that, but their service and credibility are questionable. Though I strongly recommend looking elsewhere for Indian food if you must go here check your bill. These guys messed up our bill and then refused to address it saying that during the holidays that's what their policy is. 

They also don't take gift cards during the holidays and apparently all of Las Vegas recognizes the holidays as December 25th through December 31st. Though I don't work in the restaurant industry I still have work tomorrow. 

Also they took forever to take our order, then forgot what we ordered and had to take it again, and brought dishes out one at a time; cause maybe some people like cold food?

Either way service being shitty, not the only place. But blatantly cheating customers is a whole new level of shady. It's good food but if you must go be careful.笑
Consistently great chicken tikka masala, Peas Pulau and homemade garlic Naan!  We live on the opposite side of town and drive the distance for this food... it's the type of really good food that you crave!笑
I just had food here and this place needs to be avoided at all costs.. Not only was the waiter arrogant and a deusche the food was bland and now sick.. I used to come here but no more India palace for me.. AVOID this place笑
The food was very good, and I highly recommend mixing and sharing some dishes with those you come with. However, I must say that our server pressured us a lot, and made our eating experience very uncomfortable. For that reason, I don't see myself returning for another visit.笑
We went there on Christmas evening and just to be be precise just spoiled the dinner.
Simply unprofessional and rude. The place was dirty, people were coming and eating and food was scattered under the tables and they don't care about it. 

Had to ask 3 times to get water and silverware.
They asked to go for buffet as there was rush and order will take a lot of time. The food was cold in buffet and not refilled properly and food was not something to have 4 start rating inspite of the yucky service

I have never seen such unprofessional people and place with 4 start review in yelp.

Printing photos with celebrities on the wall doesn't make the place nice!
It needs food and service too!笑
I've been to India Palace a number of times now and would say it's one of my favorite Indian restaurants in Las Vegas. The neighborhood is a little sketchy, but don't let that fool you. This place is worth it.

A few people I know used to not like this place because it was really dumpy. I never saw how it used to look, but the place was renovated a couple years ago and is quite nice now. Even the people who used to not like going there have returned. 

The menu items are typical of what you will find at most Indian restaurants, however, they have a number of Southern Indian foods that I was not familiar with. One dish, the dosa, is something I would highly recommend to anyone. Essentially, it is a gigantic crepe filled with ground potato and onion. To give you an idea of the size, it's probably about 20-24 inches long, 4 inches wide, and an inch thick. If you want to make it amazing, you can ask them to include ground lamb. It's not on the menu, but for an extra few bucks, it's overwhelmingly worth it. It comes with two sauces, sambar and coconut chutney. I've never cared much for coconut, but everyone else always thinks they go well together. Paired with their naan varieties, you really can't lose. 

The tandoori, masala, and everything else I've tried has been very good. Additionally, they have a lunch buffet for about $12 that's worth checking out. Overall, if you are looking for good Indian, this is somewhere you need to go.笑
The Lamb Korma is one of the best things I've ever eaten and service is impeccable, even when using discount. Definitely reasonable pricing and portions, don't let the neighborhood scare you this is a superior Indian place to many in fancier locations!  I've come here for ladies lunch and family dinner same happy tummy:)笑
My jam! We've been coming to India Palace for the past 9 years, and though we've tried two other Indian restaurants in town closer to where we live, we always come back and make that 20 minute drive because it is the best. Service wise (meaning the "friendliness" of the servers) is hit or miss, but that is me being nit picky. They always bring us what we need, we never have to wait for drink or naan refills, and I come for the food - not the the smiles! I recommend this place to everyone I know!笑
This restaurant, which is in an unattractive, sketchy part of town, has a "cheap" feel to it.  We were seated towards the front of the restaurant and found the seating and table to be average to low quality and we were close to other patrons.  The ambiance was not good.  The silverware and plates were average to low quality.  The food and service were unremarkable and forgettable (and we are avid fans of Indian food).  Relative to Origin India -- a place we've visited many times -- this place pales in comparison, in my and my wife's opinion.  Other than possibly saving a few bucks, it's a complete mystery to me why people have rated this place higher.笑
Food was good! But the service was typical indian. (Not the best) 
Would definitely recommend if you are close by and want to eat indian food.笑
Great place !!!!  Diamond in the ruff !!!笑
It was okay, Not many items on the menu. They werent fresh either. May be because we went little late for lunch buffet, the food was dried up!笑
Never ever buy groupon for this restaurant. We had confirmed with restaurant before buying the groupon but when we checked in they denied. Why do you sell your groupon's if they are not redeemable. There were no blackout dates. Pathetic restaurant would be waste of time anyways.Never going to recommend visit this place again.笑
Vegas has a gazillion restaurants to choose from, so the list of places that I want to visit is quite extensive. I definitely knew that wanted to go to a place that would have more locals than tourists. After running through my list and seeing the great Yelp reviews, I finally decided on India Palace.

Wow, I was not disappointed! Started the meal off with the Vegetable Pakora and the Onion Bhaji. The Onion Bhaji, which are onions dipped in spicy batter and then deep fried, was amazing!!! It had the perfect amount of spiciness to start with, and when I felt like upping the spice meter, I just added a little of that really hot dipping sauce. I don't know the name of that sauce, but you know, the one that burns your mouth off.

I went for my usual Chicken Vindaloo for my main course. Chicken Vindaloo is chicken cooked in a hot spicy sauce with diced potatoes, and of course, you can request the level of spiciness. I went for "hot"! To die for... it was sooo good!!! It was so spicy that I started sweating while eating it....yeah, that's some good shit! I gobbled this down with some garlic naan and cheese naan, and was quite full. I didn't even have room for dessert, which is usually required in my book.

When I checked in, I unlocked a Yelp coupon code, which they pleasantly honored. The service was absolutely awesome! Nice, quick, and always a smile.

Will be going back!笑
Whoever heard of serving Chicken Masala without rice? An outrage. This place serves chicken masala in a bowl full of sauce and expects you to eat it without soaking up the sauce with rice. About halfway through my meal when I had little chicken and a lot of sauce left the waiter finally asked me if I wanted some rice. Little did I know at the time that the rice (barely enough for two) would cost an extra $4.....outrageous! I have NEVER been to an india restaurant that didn't serve their dishes with rice on the side. But this one seems to want to soak you for every dollar they can get. Decent food but at a steep price. I wont be back.笑
We were visiting from LA and after 5 days of meals on the road, I was jonesing for a home cooked indian meal. We came across a Groupon deal and read excellent reviews for India Palace. When we got to the restaurant, it was not that busy and we got seated immediately, our server Anthony, seated us right away and was very attentive. My little one does not eat any spicy food, and the chef made my non spicy daal , which was delish! and was a hit with the little one. We ordered Chicken Tikka masala and kadhi goat. .both were excellent. The food HIT the SPOT. I am going to sleep sooooo well tonight. I would highly recommend this restaurant to Indians as well as others...笑
Restaurant was nice looking inside for a small place. Service was slow and it wasn't so busy. Food was OK. Maybe Indian food is just not our thing. The mango lassi drink was delicious at least.笑
Good punjabi food. Fresh tasting and just the right amount of spices. Yellow dal tadka, panner bhurji and palak paneer were excellent.  Very friendly staff .笑
Pretty darn good Indian food, service can be slow, the buffet is pretty good as well. It has gotten really expensive over the years all things considered. The neighborhood is a little bit strange too so make sure you lock your car doors.笑
India Palace is an AMAZING restaurant! 

The food was beyond exceptional. The garlic naan, mango custard and lamb rogan are so very delicious! The spices served were on point. The service was just as great. Vick did an excellent job of helping my friend and I chose the best dishes. He was also incredibly funny and sweet. It's obvious that the owners care about hiring genuine people and serving the best food possible.

I am definitely coming back to India Palace! I highly recommend this restaurant!笑
I love this place. The food is so fresh and cooked to perfection. It's difficult to find good Indian food in Las Vegas, so this restaurant is quite a gem. Our waiter, Manny, was just wonderful, very attentive and helpful. Also, the coffee was fantastic.笑
Enjoyed service and most of the items on buffet.  Dosas and left more to be desired.笑
Garry our waiter was great.  Authentic karahi goat dish, lamb roganjosh was fantastic, chicken tikka  was great also. Fresh naan bread yummy! Full bar!! It's clean and staff is friendly !!!  Highly recommend!!笑
I've been to this restaurant several times, and each and every time I still really enjoy it. Manny was the waiter who waited on us this last time we were there and he's magnificent. The food is very good, and the atmosphere is authentic Indian. We will definitely be back, and we would recommend this to anyone who enjoys good Indian food.笑
Disgusting food. Quality of the food was very low. Pathetic service. Just got out of the restaurant. Food was so bad that im here outside the restaurant in the parking lot writing this review.笑
We were there for dinner a couple of days ago with family..and the food and service was really good..our host/ server Vick looked after us really well..he was very hospitable and made us feel at home...surely would go back whenever in Vegas..笑
I've been here before and had tried to find it again to no avail. A friend and I happened to both want Indian at the same time, but having no idea where to go turned to my trusty Yelp app and it found this awesome place for me again! 

It's tucked off in a little shopping area, but well lit and easy to find. It's got a great, cozy interior with roomy booths and Indian movies playing constantly. It has a full bar also!

Checked in using my Yelp app and received a free drink called a mango lassi. I would never have known to ask for this had I not gotten this check-in offer, but I'm so glad I did. It was seriously delicious. It's mango and yogurt and it was part of the reason I couldn't eat all of my food. Highly recommend you get this fabulous drink!

For an appetizer we had vegetable samosas. They were dense and a little dry, but with the spicy cilantro sauce to put on it it tasted just fine. You get two and they're a nice size. 

For dinner my friend had chicken tikka masala, which, while not outside the box is definitely a solid choice. He liked it and proceeded to eat all of it. I had the mata paneer and it was just the right spicy (medium) with a rich tomato-y taste mixed with peas and the paneer cheese. Had it over a bed of jasmine rice and it was super filling. One of my favorite dishes.

Also ordered a side of garlic naan which was okay. It wasn't the best I've ever had, way too much garlic, but it was find and went okay with the meal. 

The service here can be spotty, I wasn't impressed with that at all, but it's not the worst I've had, so...

Anyway, great food, nice atmosphere and at a reasonable price. Definitely recommend.笑
I walked down here form the LVCC after a long day on the Consumer Electronics Show floor, and was pleasantly surprised.   The naan was tasty, the Navratan Korma a little different than what I'm used to, but still quite yummy- and the staff was attentive.

Wait.  No.

The staff was attentive until I tried to pay my bill.  That bit was sort of weird.  They were there JUST enough to perfectly take care of me but not be over-bearing.......until I tried to give them money.  One pint off for the long time I had to try to flag someone down to give them my debit card.

I'd definitely visit again- but next time, may just pile some cash on the table and wander out un-noticed when I'm done.笑
Another bad visit. We used to go here a lot, years ago. But after renovation, it seemed like they became desperate for money. Prices went up, I guess to pay for all the upgrades. Things went downhill. Last visit, about two years ago, we were disgusted when the waiter tried to scam us on the bill. Believe me: it was not a misunderstanding. It was a trick. Every Indian restaurant serves rice with the (already overpriced) entrees. Not here. Waiter asked if we wanted rice; we said of course. But when we got the bill, they charged us for an expensive rice dish, not regular rice. So we did not go back all this time. Went back again now, same thing. Tried to charge us for papadum refill, which every other Indian restaurant serves complimentary, like bread. Then, asked us if we wanted peas in our rice, which was a sneaky way of trying to upsell us once again. Then, when I confronted the server, he didn't try to listen to me at all. He argued and defended their policy, and said that's just the way it is. Then he told me he is the manager! When I told him every other place will include rice, refill papadum, etc, he said they were number one in Las Vegas, and he did not care what other places were doing. Personally, I don't care if an entree costs $10, $20, whatever. If I order it, then I pay for it, and it was my choice. But I hate to be nickeled and dimed. And obviously, I don't want to be scammed. So, I would never go back. I will inform everyone I know what happened (I am a local). I will blog and Yelp and let the public know what they are doing (BE WARNED), and how management is treating customers. Mint and Mt. Everest are FAR better choices for Indian food in Las Vegas. Goodbye, India Palace. Never, ever again.笑
Well...

On a whim my friends and I were looking for a good place to eat and someone suggested India Palace. Having heard the good reviews over the years, we decided to give it a try. I checked the yelp app on my phone and saw that with 'check-in' on the app you get 1 free appetizer or cocktail with purchase. The reviews were also favorable so in we went. We arrived at 5pm and the place was seemingly in between shifts so we were sat promptly. 

I noticed on signage that there were Happy Hour specials until 6pm so I asked the hostess about them. She replied, "Happy Hour? Why not? .. You can get buy 1 get one free on appetizers. " Great, It was about the same as the deal on the app so we ordered. 

We had Veggie and Lamb Samosas, very nice as well as a few other items including garlic naan bread, Chicken Briyani, (Chicken mixed with Basmati rice with spices, cashews & vegetables) and Chicken Tikka Masala, (Tandoori white chicken marinated in yogurt & spices, simmered in a creamy tomato sauce.) Pretty standard stuff. We even opted for some traditional desserts and Indian Beer.

All in all the food was really good and tasty and I was very satisfied and full. Service was a bit off, but I think that may have been due to the language barrier, and sometimes the server would suggest an item, and then bring something else. In this case he offered a couple of different beers and then brought something altogether different. It wasn't a huge deal as the beers were good and 3 of us were sharing so they went fast.

What was strange was when the bill arrived, I asked again about the Happy Hour specials, as the bill had not been adjusted. Our server was no where to be found and the server presenting the check had no idea what I was talking about. I got up to ask the hostess that seated us about the specials, (she was the one that said "why not",) and she acted as though she didn't know what I was talking about.. then reluctantly adjusted the bill. 

The 'new' server brought over the adjusted bill and seemed pretty aggravated at me. Possibly for asking about the discount? I don't know but it was not a happy presentation of the new check. We paid and left. 

I would go again, possibly for a buffet situation, as I wasn't completely satisfied with the service, but the food was very good. I think at least one of my friends wouldn't return due to the service. We weren't asking much but the hasty and unhappy presentation of out adjusted bill kind of put us off a bit. Like I said though, we liked the food, so who knows :)

You should know that India Palace is on a very sketchy part of Twain Ave. It is literally always surrounded by police cars and as we pulled into the parking lot of the restaurant. No less than 4 police cars with sirens blaring were pulling 3 guys out of a car next door and had them pinned to the ground at gunpoint. I mention it, because I know the neighborhood well, and this has to be one of the less savory sections. I just wouldn't want a tourist to stop in and be surprised but commotions such as an arrest at gunpoint in a connecting parking lot.

Happy Eating!笑
Very good chicken biryani, and pleasant service.  Restaurant is very nice and well kept, but in a sketchy area of town.笑
Love, love, love this place. Best indian in town. Go early if you don't want to wait.  We love the sag paneer and chicken tikki masala! The service is friendly.  Vick takes good care of us. Priced righy at about $20 per person.  Eat family style so you can try more dishes笑
This place is THE BEST Indian food around the strip and possibly in all of vegas. Garry, the guy in there is simply amazing with his service. The place has an excellent ambience unlike the run off the mill kind elsewhere in the strip area. This is excellence par excellence and the tastiest indian food you will ever have in the vegas area. Thumbs up 5 star. Their raja masala, motor paneer and saag paneer along with aloo paratha, spinach paratha, peas pulao and veg biryani are all must have, even if you miss one of those, you are meal is incomplete. Then you have a salted Lassi and that's the best finish to this amazing meal.笑
Good indian food but there are better places.  The Naan bread was cold and the entree's were over-priced and small in portions.  Good service and nice atmosphere.笑
I've been here a couple of times, but I had lunch there today at their buffet. It was one of the most delicious Indian meals I have ever had. I love their iced tea too, it was strong and delicious.  Every single dish I tried at the buffet, and there must have been a dozen or 10 at least, was fantastic. 

I highly recommend this restaurant!笑
Delicious food and great company!  I was visiting Vegas for a convention and was craving Indian food.  I saw on yelp that they were doing a special offer and dined here.  Totally worth it!  Can't wait to come back!笑
Ok l'm livid. This is not cheap delivery. We ordered pickup 15 minutes before arriving and waited an additional 45 MINUTES in the restaurant for two dishes. It didn't come with utensils and when I asked three times for utensils, they said they would need an additional 5 minutes to prepare the utensils. And it isn't like this place is short staffed. There were only two groups eating in the restaurant but 3 chefs and 4 waiters just standing around. Food might be ok, but it doesn't make up for atrocious service.笑
I'm so glad India Palace is still here! One of my favorites from back in the college days! Better than I remember it.

I enjoy the unique location in older Vegas, and the India version of MTV was entertaining! Better than our MTV!

The servers were very attentive and always smiling. Forgot the servers name but he was charming, with a genuine smile and longest lashes ever! I made sure to let him know how envious I was. He offered a beer from India for ua to try, but I has to kindly refuse . I asked him what was better to try, the mango lassi or shake. He recommended the lassi with such confidence, I knew I was going to enjoy it..:) it is basically fresh mango purée with yoghurt as the base, somewhat of a milkshake, but with a definate yoghurt taste. I enjoyed it very much and wish I could buy it at the store

We started with the flat breads and chutneys..an Indian version of chips and salsa,!! 
We had ordered the vegetarian samosas, lamb curry, aloo gabi and the fragrant rice! Oh and the garlic naan was so goooodddd!

No wonder this place can survive after all these years, the food is excellent, and servers genuine and attentive!! I hope to keep coming here!!!!

Thank You India Palace!笑
Excellent Indian food at a great price! If you are feeling overwhelmed by the strip and are looking for a quiet and delicious dining option go here! Everything on the menu is soo good and the wait staff are attentive and grateful. Constant thank yous even when you are being waited on. Garry is especially kind and knowledgable, if you put your order in his hands he will make sure you are happy.
So what are you waiting for go eat here now!笑
Lunch buffet was decent but I know three other Indian restaurants within a mile that have food that is better than anything I ate here.笑
If it were in my hands I would give this place negative ratings. I am an Indian and I have been to all sort of Indian restaurants in US and in India.

So let me start my part of experience here. Me and my friends went here reading all the nice yelp reviews. We ordered some appetizers, some sabji, naan and MYSORE MASALA DOSA.

The waiter took our order and asked us if we want the sabji spicy or medium spicy. We said medium spicy would be good. So he brings everything from starter to the sabji and naan in order. The starters were okay and sabji was totally bland. We could easily say, since I have some cooking experience, that the mixed vegetable sabji was made out of frozen ready made cut vegetables, partially cooked and lacking all the spices that make it Indian. But we did not complain because we thought that it might be because we said medium spicy.

So, after we all but my poor friend who had ordered the DOSA, were done with our lunch, they bring the DOSA. The sambhar is sour like lemonade (we did not complain about it), but the MYSORE DOSA is full of red chilli powder. She, could barely eat two pieces of it. So, we call the waiter and tell him that we find it too spicy. He starts explaining us that we don't know what an actual MYSORE MASALA tastes like. And tells us that since we have not eaten an actual MYSORE MASALA in the city of MYSORE in INDIA we should not complain about it. So,  I informed him that I am from India and I have eaten MYSORE MASALA for more than 25 years and yes in MYSORE too and its never this spicy. He made faces and so I told him that its their mistake because they should have mentioned that it is very spicy in their menu. So, he got a bit scared and offered us some complimentary dessert, which we obviously denied and left the place paying for everything, with bad taste in our mouth.笑
This is my favorite Indian restaurant in Las Vegas.  The people here are all really nice and helpful.  The food is delicious and very consistently so.  I love that when I order spicy, they actually make it spicy.  Some ethnic restaurants assume Americans can't tolerate a little heat.  The location is a little dodgy but the interior is actually quite nice and inviting.

Be on the lookout for coupons and specials-- they participate in a lot of the usual deal sites.笑
Best Indian restaurant In Las Vegas. Great curries and chicken tikka is a must. Small so make reservation. Very fresh ingredients.笑
Finally after several years of going to lunch at another nearby Indian restaurant we tried India Palace. What took us so long??? Yeah, the neighborhood. I would be pleased if they hired some armed soldiers with .303 Enfield rifles to stand at the doorway and of course in traditional Indian Army garb! Just kidding, but that is a part of Las Vegas that isn't a place to walk through at any time of day.
What really surprised us was the immediate sense of peace and luxury when you stepped inside. What the hec?! are we in the Bellagio off east Twain?! Felt like stepping into a 1970 Ford Pinto and on the inside it's a 2010 Ferrari! Although we've been dining on Indian fare for many years, we still don't know the proper names of all the different foods, yeah Sag is Spinach, Naan is the bread and so on... but what we do know is that the food here at the lunch buffet at India Palace is probably the best we've ever tried in So. Nevada. The flavors were all a step above the competition, service was attentive and friendly. The buffet line is a bit shorter in length than the competition, but the overall quality far exceeds quanity. Naan bread is brought to your table fresh and not in cold piles in the buffet line. Overall a great experience and we have been converted. I'll even overlook the overly engergetic Bollywood videos they play behind the bar. Oh yes, I like Samosas, but no one seems to have it available very often, I do miss those.笑
Hands down the best Indian Food in Las Vegas, total flavor, authentic, full bar. Loved it, am going back!!笑
Excellent meal!
Clean restaurant and the service is 5 Star!

We started with the Bombay Fish and Garlic Naan for appetizer. So tasty, and just the right amount of flavor.
For entrees we ordered the Goat Curry, Lamb Pasanda and a side of rice.
Absolutely delicious! the only place in town who knows how to cook the Goat just right. The sauce on both entrees was heavenly! 

I have been here a few times, and it is always delicious. Even their lunch buffet is fun to go to.

If you like good Indian food, I highly recommend!

Thank you India Palace for always giving excellent service and fabulous food!笑
Best Chicken Tikka Masala EVER!   (Not including my kitchen.. psssh)  They also have great Vegetarian options.

I visit India Palace about once a week with one of my fave Londoners .  Now, if you know anything about people from London, you'd know that they know true Indian food.  She also happens to be Vegan and still loves this place.  

The Panner Tikka Masala is my favorite Vegetarian dish.  I almost prefer it over the Chicken Tikka because you really can't go wrong with cheese.  They also have killer naan.  I prefer the stuffed fruit and garlic.  You also can't beat the service.  They know me by name and always serve with a smile.  Great place!笑
Had an amazing time tonight. Food was amazing as usual. Service was amazing as well by the great Gary. He's our usual server and he always has a smile on his face and is very kind. Always checking to see how our food was going. We are very loyal to this Indian restaurant do to the amazing food and because of Gary. We have become regulars here and it is well worth the drive.笑
I've been here 5 times over the last several years and I've never been disappointed.  My husband doesn't like Indian food, so I don't get to go often enough.

I always get palak paneer, and it is done very well here.  I order it with minimal spiciness and the flavors still come through beautifully without being salty.  I also had garlic naan which is seasoned perfectly.

My friend got the mixed curry dinner, and all dishes were good, but their chicken tikka masala is OUTSTANDING.  I got an extra one to go with some garlic naan to share with my family.

The neighborhood seems a bit sketchy, but I've never had any problems.  (It's a block east from Paradise which is a busier street.)  I wouldn't let that deter me from trying this gourmet Indian cuisine.笑
1 star is only for the Chef. Food was really good. However, for Staff I will give 0 stars. We dealt with 4 of them and all of them were very rude. They try to crack jokes which are very insensitive to the customers. I will not recommend this. It doesn't matter how much you want to order, they'll bring you whatever they think it's right for your party.笑
This place is out of this world. The food was adorned in the most beautiful dishes. We highly recommend  this "Place" to anyone wanting a good time and great food.笑
The restaurant closes at 10:30 and I placed the phone order at around 10pm. I did inform that we will likely reach at 10:30 even then we were let in.
If I tried this in Chicago area, they won't even entertain you. So I find this service really 5 star worthy. 

We ordered Matar paneer, Karahi paneer, dal makhani, rotis and rice. 
Everything was good and they did not charge us for the rice.笑
I really enjoyed this place.  Food was extraordinary.  My girlfriend and I tried two dinner specials and we really enjoyed everything.  Prices are pretty high, but you get what you pay for.笑
We ordered a la carte for lunch. The paneer tikka masala and dal makhani was just perfect taste. Loved the service. Also the garlic naan was as crisp as needed. The could improve on the South Indian dishes.笑
Customer service at it's worst. 
I don't think these people working here know what service means. The receipt for my to-go order was literally thrown at me. I understand that customer service cannot be at its best during peak hours but the restaurant was not even half full. I would never recommend this place for a pleasant day out...笑
For being in a highly tourist concentrated area (it's 5 mins away from the Las Vegas strip) this restaurant is fantastic! My family of four was greeted and seated immediately  by Vick. He was kind and went out of his way to make suggestions and even make jovial conversation! The food was fantastic and the portions large considering we have enough left overs to make a meal out of. Would definitely recommend to tourists and locals alike.笑
The decor is contemporary and comfortable.  A bit more ventilation and more lighting would be good.  It's hard to read the menu in the dark!  Warning: You really do come out of there smelling heavily scented with the spices... but not in a good way.... unless you like wearing Eau De La India afterwards.

So, onto the food:
Veggie Samosas:  The skin was a bit thick.  Not puffy & airy like I'm used to.

Sambar Vada:  The fried lentil donut had a very thick texture.  I've never this before, but I would've enjoyed it more if it tasted less dense.  The sambar had a nice flavor.  I don't think I could've eaten the donut without it.

Mom ordered the Tandoori Chicken dinner:
The chicken is less smoky and had less tandoori seasoning than other places.  (Those of you used to smoky & lots of seasoning will be disappointed.)  The white meat was cooked perfectly, but the dark meat was a bit underdone near the bones.
The dinner came with saag paneer (good), mixed veggies (spices didn't agree with me... something with a ginseng taste in it & I don't think they pulled the sinewy parts off the snap peas), and soup (flavorless).  The mango custard never came & we didn't bother to ask because we were too full.

I ordered the Chicken Sagwala.  Well, for $14.95, you would expect to get more than just a few chunks of chicken.   The bowl was just slightly a bit larger than the side dish of saag paneer my Mom received with her dinner.   

Garlic Naan:  good

Overall, it was ok.  I would go back again to try the buffet just to see if they had a dish that could out do the dinner I had.笑
Oh my god, we traveled how many miles from home and never expected to find as good Indian food as we have in the Bay Area, but India Place is amaze balls!!!
We got a recommendation form our Uber driver and  was he ever right.
The spices are right on point and the heat was perfect.

If you love Indian food you have to take a trip off the strip and experience India Palace!!! (And ask for Garry, he da bomb)笑
I have to start by saying- my boyfriend is Indian and he LOVED this restaurant. He is generally hesitant about dining out for Indian food because nothing can compare to his mamma's cooking- this restaurant was as close to home as it gets!!!

We are both vegetarians and loved that there were plenty of delicious options for us.  We had veggie samosas, vegetable biryani, red daal, saag aloo, and baigan bartha.  The bartha is rich and smoky tasting.  The daal was creamy and lucious.  Everything was spicy enough to get your taste buds excited but not so overwhelming as to make it painful.

We left with plenty to take home and snack on for the next two days.

The restaurant is clean and nicely decorated, we enjoyed the bollywood music videos playing around us.  I knocked off one star for service.  I dont expect good service at Indian restaurants and wasnt surprised with a service that was pretty much limited to throwing food on the table and bringing the check at the end.  They would also benefit from a fulltime bartender- while they had a full cocktail list I was hesitant to order from it doubting my waiter's ability to make a decent mojito.

When the craving for a taste of home returns we will certainly be back!笑
I am not a regular yelp reviewer but this place is worth to review...impressed with the customer service, and taste of the fish biryani and appetizers were so good笑
Excellent with a capital X. I've been fairly content with all of the Indian food I've tried in Vegas. But somehow, India Palace managed to blow me away.

I came in here to finally use a long-standing Groupon with Kris J before he moved out of town. We ordered Saag Paneer, Navratan Korma, and Chicken Makhani. If you know me at all, you know that I love my Butter Chicken! IP's Makhani failed to disappoint. It was creamy, tender, and oh so delicious. I'm so enamored by Butter Chicken, I feel like I basically ignore every other dish that the culture has to offer. I'm glad I had such an IP connoisseur with me. The Paneer and Korma--both Kris's selections--were outstanding! I'm not quite sure what it is, but there's something about IP's food that just ever-so-slightly sets them apart from the crowd.

The one weird thing about the visit? It seemed like we had five different servers waiting on us and they all lined up behind the scenes to take their turn to come over and ask if we had everything we needed. It's not a bad thing. It was just comical.

I wish I had bought more Groupons now.笑
We happened to be on chrismas day there and buffet was 20$ for a very small selection. Somehow we heard it as $9.95( it looked like that), but when the bill came, it was 86$ for 2 adults and 2 kids. Most expensive indian buffet I ever had. To me it was not worth it. To order all items are very pricey. I will not visit again.笑
I had dinner with my family. I really liked the soup. The service was exceptional. It was slightly pricey with about $25 per person, but overall we enjoyed it.笑
Rather dark inside, definitely unassuming from the outside. A bit skeptical to  give it a shot after cruising through the neighborhood but pleasantly surprised that I did. An earlier reviewer was right. "You can't go wrong here." As spicy as you like (I like) with tastefully exotic ambience. Well worth the cab fare from the Bellagio.笑
The food in buffet was good n the people nice n friendly. For me the food could have been better if more spicy.... The food and restaurant was good :)笑
Great Service by Vick, food is always fantastic. Vicks food and drink selections were spot on. Highly recommend.笑
Really tasty and authentic flavors . We got the garlic naan and the karahi chicken . Mango lassi was great too !!!!笑
Food tasted good. We had biryani, it was okay. Service could be better and reception could be better. Since we entered at almost closing time, I don't blame them. Service is a bit slower than what we expected.笑
I don't know how people rated this place 4. I think they never tried a good Indian restaurant or had tasty Indian food. We were 16 people and we ordered almost every item on the menu. Not even a single item deserves a 3 rating. 

They had cocktail menu but it's good for nothing. I tried ordering 5 different cocktail from the menu one after the other but they said none of them is available. Then why the hell they kept it in the menu I don't know.  at last I ordered sweet heaven and guess what it is sour ...LOL...They have put orange juice saying it is sweet and the worst thing ever is they even put the seeds and grounded ..making it worst and sour. 

Don't even try this restaurant. Expensive and doesn't deserve even 50% of the price. Try Californian restaurants u will get tasty food for better price.笑
Food is good and service is really awesome specially Garry. He rocks. We will be back.笑
Yep. Chicken tikki masala, chicken wings, garlic naan, and Manny our waiter, all top notch.笑
I asked for pappadum as I sat down and got them with my water. However, I waited and waited and waited for someone to take my order. Keep in mind there were more waiters than seated tables.  Still waiting as I'm writing this, waiters just keep walking by. Finally someone noticed me, wow, that took a while! Make sure you flag someone down when you're ready to order. I ordered chicken seekh kabab and chicken tikka masala with chili peppers added. I get this dish in London (tikka chili masala) but can't find it in the US. Well, they just screwed up the check of table next to me twice. Uh-oh, getting more nervous about the food. The food just arrived.  The tikka masala was great, the seekh kabobs were ok but not exactly spiced right. Tikka gets 4 stars and seekh 3.5 stars. One of the waiters came by my table and asked me what I thought about the Indian food in England vs. the Indian food in the US.  He also asked me what could be added to the menu or if there were any changes I recommended.  He seemed geniunely concerned with my opinion of the restaurant.  Don't get turned away because of my 3 star rating it was mainly service related. I would come back!笑
India Palace has been voted best Indian restaurant in Las Vegas by The Zagat survey every year since 2001 and it has been described to me by Indians as the most authentic restaurant we have. I've dined there a handful of times to see if I agree.

Although I wouldn't normally want to hang out on East Twain, one of the city's most dangerous areas, I will always take unnecessary risks for good food. The restaurant sticks out as the only kept up, interesting piece of architecture in that area, so it's hard to miss.

You will forget about the exterior surroundings upon entering as the decor is immediately welcoming. The walls are painted in warm, cheery earth tones that are beautifully complemented by heavy amber drapes and rich, dark woods. There is a comfortable full-service bar you can enjoy a drink at before your meal, making India palace stand out from many of its competitors.

My favorite thing to get here is the dosa, a thin pancake made from chickpeas. It is of such great diameter that it must be folded upon itself so it can almost fit on your plate, and it is eaten by tearing off more reasonably sized pieces. The only other place I've seen dosa is at India Masala in the Riviera (same owners, I believe), so I highly recommend ordering it here. You can have your dosa stuffed with an incendiary potato filling, or get the plain Papper Dosa, which I prefer (both $10.95). It is served with an addictive coconut 'chutney,' which is more like a coconut puree, and sambar, a tangy tamarind based soup/dip. Even without the accompaniments, the dosa serves as a fantastic vehicle for eating your main selections and proves to be an interesting alternative to naan.

The Chicken Tikka Masala ($14.95) and Mushroom Matar ($12.95) are fantastic, but I think the chef's abilities stand out most in the Lamb Rogan Josh ($15.95). The tomato broth is reminiscent of an authentic, slow-cooked Italian marinara that has been spiked with exotic spices, and the flavors continuously evolve in your mouth, revealing the sauce's complexity. The lamb is perfectly tender to boot, and hasn't a hint of the gaminess that can come with lower quality cuts.

So, is India Palace the best Indian restaurant in town? I can't affirmatively say yes (I had a spinach soup that was inedible and they don't use many fresh veggies in their lunch buffet), but it is definitely a contender.笑
Yelp deal is not worth. Menu items are overpriced. We tried Bombay fish. Taste was ok, but it is deep fried in batter. I was expecting something different. Tandoori chicken was ok, but kinda over cooked or over heated, may be it was heated many times. Tandoori roti was not good. Chicken curry was ok. Curry base was fine but chicken was not cooked properly, a bit rubbery.笑
Called to see if they deliver. After a lot of chitter chatter in the background I'm asked what I want and when I ask if they deliver to a casino on the strip I'm told the order should be a min of $45 and the delivery charges are an additional $10!
Am I comfortable with that - NO, thank you!笑
Best indian food, very tasty. We tried many dishes and each was wonderful. EXCELLENT service by Manny. He was very social and attentive. WE highly recommend this place..笑
We bought a Groupon to India Palace and decided to use it last night.

We ordered goat briyani, malai kofta, garlic naan, and mango lassi.

The meal started with the typical papadum and chutneys. The tamarind chutney was pretty decent. I'm not a big fan of tamarind, but this was better than the tamarind chutneys I've tried elsewhere. The mint chutney was also pretty good. They also had a pepper chutney which had a nice kick.

My wife thought the mango lassi was almost as great as at her favorite Indian restaurant.

The garlic naan was good. Not too burnt or chewy which I've found to be the case at many Indian restaurants.

The goat briyani was really good. It had a nice mix of flavors and textures. My wife really liked it until I told her it was goat. (She doesn't like goat and I ordered it while she wasn't listening.)

The briyani came with raita which was decent. 

The malai kofta was also enjoyable. The sauce was very flavorful and the "vegetable meatballs" had a nice texture.

The service was pretty slow, but overall it was a good experience, and I think I'll probably be back.笑
Great food! Courteous staff. Good service. I had the chicken masala dish. Very flavorful. Don't be afraid to ask for spicy.笑
Great food and great service. I go for the buffet and it's always a wide selection of food. Love the chicken makhni and the fresh hot naan! Lassi was a Lil on the sweet side.笑
The wait time is more than 1 hour no matter at what time of the year one goes for lunch. The food is only average. One of the waiters was very rude and misbehaved with us. I wouldn't recommend it to anyone.笑
Great place!!! Chicken tikka masala is one of the best I've ever had!! 
Great service and nice and clean!!
Highly recommended!!笑
By far the best indian food in Vegas. Great buffet and ala carte. Avoid South Indian food like dosas though笑
Goat curry here is awesome... it is well cooked.. ans not at all chewy. it is difficult to find well cooked goat at indian restaurant.  Manny was very graceful.笑
5-star Tandoori fish and Chicken Tikka masala. Tandoori fish literally melted in our mouths. Chicken Tikka masala was cooked in the right amount of butter, giving it a rustic Indian taste. Will definitely go again.

Staff was very friendly (and is extra-attentive to customers who wield the Yelp app). I also bought a 40% discount deal through the Yelp app. 

Food portions were adequate. No surprises there.

Typical Indian restaurant ambience.笑
SPAM !! SPAM !! SPAM


It's waste !! Not at all worth your money and very few items in the buffet !! 

First of all service is very slow and they don't know how to respond to the customers politely !!

They don't even provide desserts or starters or just one starter and one dessert .. !! 
 And guys don't believe in the reviews or rating given to it .. 

SPAM !! SPAM !! SPAM

They don't even the remove the plates in buffet !!笑
I've eaten at my fair share of Indian restaurants. That said, casual or fine dining, this place is by far the best. Service was quick without being rushed, prices are reasonable, good beer, and the food is delicious! Great for vegetarians and vegans- We had the Paneer Tikka Masala, Bhindi Masala, Navratan Korma, and Garlic Naan. All, so far the best I've had in Las Vegas. 
The location leaves something to be desired but the interior of this quaint and clean restaurant along with the amazing food makes that easily disregard-able. I'll definitely be back soon and often.笑
Hip location and atmosphere, and the food was above average as well.  Veggie pakoras were outstanding, and I loved the red chili chutney that is served alongside the mint and tamarind.  Northern Indian entrees were rather good, but the Dosai were very average.  Sambar was watery and low in flavor.笑
I'd give this more of a 3.5.  It's Las Vegas, so I guess you should expect to pay Las Vegas prices.  I've had dosas in California and in Asia, and would give this a 7/10 for flavor (that's why we came to this restaurant- for the paper dosas.  We also had the malai kofta, and that was better: 8/10.  Naan was solid and so was the basmati rice.  Service was great!笑
*Review for lunch buffet only

I think India Palace is akin to the Kevin Bacon of Indian buffet restaurants since a google search for "India Palace restaurant" will yield one in virtually every state across the US despite not representing a franchise of any sort.  Yet the prevalence of Indian restaurants bearing this particular name is as longstanding and prolific as the consistent film career that spawned Kevin Bacon's namesake movie trivia game.  

The various elements sampled and experienced on my first time visit displayed a versatility much like the individual character performances that has made Kevin Bacon ubiquitous across the cinematic landscape:

Splashing debut ("Animal House")-As a fraternity pledge that captured Hollywood's attention, the free mango lassi with checkin on Yelp will be sure to capture yours

Over-the-top ("Footloose")- Like his rebellious city teen persona Ren McCormack, enjoy racy song and dance numbers with Bollywood films playing on an endless loop amongst TV screens in the background while you eat.

Solid/reliable supporting actor ("Mystic River"/"A Few Good Men")- not necessarily the leading role like a Sean Penn or a Tom Cruise,  but the mini samosas are a solid appetizer with the right ratio of filling to dough enhanced with a few drizzles of tamarind and mint chutney. 

Chillingly good performance ("Sleepers")- availability of chaat in the cold section of the buffet line 

Overdone ("Hollow Man")- As scientist Sebastian Caine, "Yeah! If I die, pretend the last words I said were real deep and clever."  If I'm hungry, I'll pretend the tandoori chicken was not dry and overcooked 

Lukewarm("Picture Perfect")- a performance as uninspiring as the the saag paneer with an unattractive layer of oil floating on top

Risky("Tremors")- mixed reviews from critics regarding his role in this subtle comedy/sci-fi thriller, but reminds me of the risk one partakes in consuming the fruit in the salad bar since I'd be afraid of any underground postprandial "rumblings" within one's GI tract.

Ridiculous ("The Air Up There")- the presence of macaroni and cheese and chicken nuggets on the buffet line is as preposterous as the plot of this movie starring Kevin Bacon as a college basketball coach venturing deep into Africa to pursue a tribesman whom he discovered while watching a home movie...words fail.   

If you're a newbie to Indian cuisine, the fare at India Palace provides a good primer to classic Indian restaurant fare, but for a seasoned veteran, my top choices in town would still be Mt. Everest and Delhi Cuisine.   Kevin Bacon once summed up his career with the quote "I think of myself more as a workhorse actor. It will be hot and cold and up and down, but no one will kick me out of the business"  Pretty much sums up how I feel about this establishment.笑
Best Indian food in Las Vegas!!!! Excellent service and a lot of variety!!! Brilliant taste...everyone should definitely dine here!!!笑
Great food, great price and great service. I would definitely recommend this place! We tried bunch of curries and bread basket along with few appetizers. We liked everything we ordered!笑
Food was great! Our server Garry was great too! The manager was professional..he honored my yelp checkin free mango lassi (which was yummy) and yelp's $20 for $30 deal too without any hesitation. We were a group of four for dinner and it turned out to be $44 total including the above discounts, tip and taxes. Would love to go again!笑
It's a rather sad thing that I don't frequent Indian restaurants. Being ethnically Indian, I should be galloping to the nearest Indian place to gorge on the curries and breads but I never do. The first reason is that for the most part, the Indian buffets or restaurants leave me with a very uneasy stomach. The second reason is that a lot of Indian restaurants leave something to be desired in the hygiene department. 

I'm happy to say that India Palace has somewhat alleviated my prejudices against Indian restaurants (esp the ones in Las Vegas). We went on a Sunday afternoon. They serve a lunch buffet (12/13 bucks) every day. The restaurant was packed! And it was quite well decorated...muted romantic colors, nice lighting...wow..a refreshing change from the usual Indian buffet experience. 

One of my friends' went for the buffet which had about 10 dishes and a multitude of salads, yogurt dipping sauces and deserts. My husband has partaken in the buffet before and both of them had only good things to say about the buffet. 

As I was feeling not too hungry, I decided to have something from their dosa menu. I ordered an onion and chili oothapam (thick pancake made from fermented idli/dosa batter. The batter needs to have a distinct sour taste and it is topped generously with onion/veggies or whatever you fancy). This was served with a Sambar and coconut chutney. The oothapam itself was pretty good and the Sambar although definitely not authentic traditional South Indian sambar, certainly tasted good. My friend had a paper dosa which was crisp and tasty and my husband had the mysore masala dosa (dosa stuffed with a spicy potato masala with some spicy chutney in it). 

I was pretty stoked to eat South Indian dosas in Vegas and have it taste good and be seated in a relatively nice establishment. 

The service was a bit crazy..they had about 5 waiters/waitresses and no one was wearing any sort of uniform. All the wait staff were Indian and so were the customers...imagine my confusion and uncertainty when calling for service. 

My husband also had the chai and said it was really good. He didn't leave any for me to try so I'd have to take his word for it. I ordered coffee...although not the traditional filter coffee served in South India, the combination of the coffee and dosa made for a very satisfying lunch. 

I'd definitely go back for their dosa offerings.笑
You won't find a better Indian Food restaurant west of the Mississippi!!  Ask for Manny when you stop in!笑
Authentic, Delicious, Affordable Indian cuisine. Great appetizer selection. Had combination pakoras, garlic naan, lamb saag, and chicken saag. And let's not forget the basmati rice. Yum! Great service also.  Convenient from the Las Vegas Strip too.笑
I have been dining in this restaurant since last 10 years .Great restaurant ..I also regularly order take outs which are made  exactly the way I want as my lady is scared of spices ...hot stuff but at the same time craves for their chicken masala...mild..I never had any complaints..Service is excellent.. GARY is great..polite and very accomodating..Owners are nice people and have genuine concerns of their costomers I always recommend all my friends to india palace for authentic North Indian food
Great food
Great service (GARY)
I give them 5 stars..of course their is always room for further improvement笑
Decided to go vegetarian with couple of friends and ordered Malai Kofta, Matter Paneer, Baigan Bhartha and all three items were excellent. The bread basket was great value and nans were perfect. Service by Garry was awesome. We will be back soon!!笑
This experience has virgin all over it.  The first time for real indian food. The first time at India Palace.  I can say that the it was extremely pleasant. The food was very good. I ordered the Chicken Tikka Masala (medium spice). There was no hint of HOT, but the chicken was smokey and the sauce was delicious.  My husband ordered the Lamb Rogan Josh (medium spice). Again, not HOT, but delicious. We ordered the Aloo Tikki, a side of Peas Pulao and Garlic Naan.  We left no crumbs behind.  I will add, the hotest food I had that night was one of the three suaces that came with the flat bread.

The atmosphere was just right for my husband and I out for date night.  They had recently (within the last two years) renovated the place and it was nice. The neighborhood is in an older part of town, but close enough to the strip.

Although I have nothing to compare this too, I felt the need to express our satisfaction and desire to try the cuisine again and again.笑
I eat at India Palace AT LEAST once per week. Their LUNCH BUFFET has amazing variety, diverse options, and is competitively priced among the other Indian buffets in town! Seriously, an inexpensive buffet with top quality food -- it's practically unheard of in Vegas.

Whether you want a relaxing and quick lunch with friends and family, or an impressive dinner with clients or colleagues, India Palace is one of the absolute best food options in town. 

Now let's talk about the food...
Ingredients = Exceptional Quality
Taste = Exquisite Flavor
Presentation = Elegantly Authentic

I have tried every Indian restaurant in Las Vegas, and this is the best in town! Not only is the atmosphere highly pleasant, the employees are phenomenal!笑
the food was relatviely good for an Indian Buffet.  I however ordered from teh menu and after waiting 20 minutes i was told my selection was not available.  My daughter and son in law ate and i ordered another meal.  Unfortunately the service was very poor.  We even witnessed the waiter telling the table next to us he had no menus and when i had to order again they asked to see the menu and he told them NO.  Who turns down service in this economy.  As my grandaughter was getting fussy, I asked him to wrap my order and asked for sauces for the Nann bread  and i checked before leaving - they were not there.  A real disappointment笑
The food is good, but don't bother trying to get delivery from them. The last three times they cancelled my order. FIrst they didn't have a driver, then they "had a flat tire". I don't know their excuse for the third time. They are currently on GrubHub and Eat24. Not ordering from them again.笑
I'll be honest, I was initially a little bit skeptical because we were the only ones there and it was nearly 5 PM. However we went in and as a result of the limited amount of people in there we had a really good service and we also had really good food! We had hey lentil stew or soup and vegetable biryani and garlic naan. All of which was very good. We will gladly go again.笑
Free Mango Lassi on check-in was really tasty & not too sweet. Both our entrees, Biryani & Tikka Masala, were excellent. Although the next table had Tandoori Chicken on a sizzling skillet and this looked even better than ours. This was the 4th Indian place we've tried in Las Vegas and definitely the best. Highly recommended.笑
I visited India Palace when i came on an official trip to Las vegas. I ordered Paneer tikka masala and roti.Both were made with perfection. Tikka masala was their house special. It tasted great without so much cream( how they usually make in other indian restaurants). Roti was made in tandoor and it looked little burnt, but it was actually soft and good to eat. The ambience was warm and neat. The staffs were really friendly and very welcoming. Totally, i had a good experience with India Palace. I would surely visit again for tikka masala!!笑
Never order again paneer:I don't see any paneer at all and they only put carrot and cali-flower .笑
I'd say the food was very good and the service was excellent. They had two yelp deals going and we were able to use both of them with no problem. The chicken masala was very good, though a little on the salty side, and the chicken sagwala was also good but could have used a little more flavor. The mango lassi and paratha were both top notch. That said, neither of us were disappointed and I'd definitely come back here.笑
Best indian food in vegas !!!
Ordered daal tadka, bhindi and chicken tikka. Everything was awesome.笑
I dropped in with a buddy for the lunch buffet, it was OK.  The fare is standard for an Indian place, lamb curry, chicken tikka masala, naan bread.  Here's a tip if you offer a buffet, don't bother offering salad if all you're going to have is iceburg lettuce and canned fruit.  I'm glad they honored the 2-1 coupon for the buffet, and the service was polite and good.笑
This place is solid.. the food is good and a couple of hose Indian beers will lay u away. The key to enjoyment is the Tandoori Chicken Tika.. as hot as they will do it.. very very good.. butter chicken.. very good. nan. rockin..

The owner is cool.. and this place really hs great food. Get anything fish, lamb, fish .. tandoori.. it rocks.. enjoy!笑
With a coupon from Restaurant.com, $25 off $50 makes dinner here affordable for us every few months.  For four people, we order the Mixed Curry Dinner ($26) and Vegetarian Dinner ($20) plus an appetizer if we're still hungry.  The Chicken Tikka Masala is my favorite by far, and the mango pudding is a great dessert.  I love the mint chutney, but sometimes it's a little too salty.  The service is always pleasant, but often too attentive with five different waiters checking on us.  I didn't know they offer a lunch buffet, so I plan on checking it out soon!笑
Typical liars.  I just went through a painstaking process of choosing items from their online menu for delivery only to be told "we dont deliver"  I called them on their lie since they advertise that they do both online and on their website.  They even have an online delivery order tool.  I got pissed, telling them how much time I wasted trying to order vegan for a big party.  They admitted that they selectively didnt deliver tonight, then hung up on me.  False advertising. They deserve to lose business.笑
We stopped for dinner after reading the reviews.  When we walked in the door, most of the customers were Indians so we knew the food was authentic.  I ordered Chicken Korma and my husband had the Lamb Vindaloo and both were exceptional.  The TV was playing Indian music videos but at a low volume so it was a nice addition to the atmosphere.  Service was excellent as well.  

We returned for the luncheon buffet later in the week.  There were a number of vegetarian dishes as well as chicken, lamb, beef and goat dishes in a variety of sauces.  I especially liked the vegetable pakoras and the sag paneer was some of the best we've had (and I normally don't like vegetables)  The garlic naan was great too.  I normally don't like rice pudding but their's was creamier and the rice very soft, small grains.  We will definitely be visiting Indian Palace on any future trips to Las Vegas.笑
The waiters could be more courteous and not have an expression that made me feel like I've entered a funeral home.
Buffet items were bland and blah. Rotis were delicious. Nice ambience. 
My gripe with this place just like most Indian places is the lack of spice and flavor in they food, for some reason the dishes lack the character of their Indian counterparts. In India the same dish will be extremely flavorful. My first mistake I guess comparing with the taste back home. But what's the point in calling yourself fine Indian cuisine if you can't be authentic and recreate the exact flavors??
Also, my mom without knowing the "rules of the land" asked for pickles, the staff were extremely helpful and got her a cup full of it and later slipped me an extra $1.50, when asked why he goes oh, if it's not on the menu then you pay. OK!!! why can't you tell her that first, instead of slipping one in, not that I had a problem paying for it, he is right, but the lack of customer service or ethics just irked me.
Buffet is reasonably priced with enough items, improve customer service, remember it's the customer who makes or breaks your business. Improve flavor don't forget the roots of the dish. I know it is dumbed down to cater to local tastes but hey if I want to eat bland food I have lot of cheaper and healthier options.笑
India Palace hit the spot right on the head. We had the Chicken Vindaloo, garlic naan, and Lamb Tikka Massala. They'll ask you for the spiciness level and on scale of 1-10, we got a 9 and it really wasn't that bad. Add on the house sauces and we were stuffed and satiated. The only problem here was using the Yelp deal ($15 for $30) -- perhaps it came at a point of confusion for the manager and waiters but it took a little bit for the deal to be honored. In the end, it was all fine. Just be careful to have your voucher information and yelp deal marked as redeemed to show them as proof.笑
Went here with my boyfriend today and loved it! The food was delicious, especially the chicken marsala. Great service by both the waiter(who was friendly and fast)and the kitchen staff that brought the food out. Overall a great experience.笑
You know, I used to say that Indian food was my least fav cuisine.  It's not that I didn't like it, but it was just ok. The few times I have tried it, I have been overseas, but in other countries such as Germany or Italy. So I always wanted to go to an Indian Restaurant in the states (or in actual India, if you wanna take me) to judge for sure.  Well it's official, I love Indian food!  LOL! 


This place was great. Although there was a fabulous looking lunch buffet, we ordered off the menu since I had a Groupon that was for the menu only. 
 
The waiter was awesome...his name was Vick and he was super helpful and accommodating, especially knowing it was out first time. 

So we ended up ordering these fried vegetable appetizers that were very good, but I struggled whether to eat a second one knowing we had more food coming. I gave in and regretted it when the next course came, of course. LOL! 

We ordered the rack of lamb meal for $25. Both of us decided to split it since we weren't super hungry.  Glad we did, because it was more than enough for 2 people.  It came with a nice lentil soup that I didn't eat much of because I was getting so full. 

Then the lamb came and it was amazing.  They had a few sides of rice, potatoes and these veggies balls in the most amazing cream sauce.  The even put some fresh naan on the side that was too good!

Lastly, they served a mango desert. I was so full by this point, I wasn't really interested, but I took a bite just to let you know it was good.  

This is definitely a restaurant I will be back soon!!  Yum!笑
We purchased a Living Social deal $15 for $30 credit on a recent trip to Vegas-- I gotta say, I would definitely go back even without the deal. 

Pros: THE FOOD. Reasonably priced. These were more than enough for two people. (We had leftovers & ordered extra naan for later)
Lamb Rogan Josh $15.95 
Plain Basmati Rice $3.95
Chicken Tikka masala $14.95
Garlic Naan $2.95
Their free mango drink when you check in is soooo goood. 

Cons: Nothing really. Just the service was a little slow. They had a private party going on in another room. But our server, Garry, was great!

Basically, worth checking out. Bomb Indian food. Entertaining music videos on tv. Friendly staff.笑
Travel for work and this was the best Indian food I've ever had. In fact I signed up to leave this review. Manny was a wonderful host and I will venture off the strip every time I come to town to enjoy some India Palace.笑
I went out to dinner and was in search of Indian food a couple of weeks ago.  I decided to try this place because there was a coupon available.  I ordered Chicken Vindaloo, Garlic Naan and some rice.  The food was fantastic, and I asked for extra spicy- frequently I have issues with restaurants not making the food spicy enough but they did a great job here at India Palace without ruining the flavor.  Also, the server, Mani, was fantastic!  Great attitude, good humor and took care of me the entire time.  I will definitely be back!笑
All the dishes were really good the only reason I don't give it five stars, is because our food took about 20 minutes to come out.But I would definately come back!笑
Food is not good and service is bad. On top of it they charged 18% gratuity without telling us. We were four adults and two kids.笑
Best Indian food I've ever had!  Our waiter Vick was amazing!  I have celiac disease and cannot eat gluten. .. He took excellent care of us. I wish I could bring him AND the food back to Reno with me!笑
Love this place! Curries are very tasty their Naan is oh so yummylicous!笑
I've been here twice for lunch with co-workers now, and both times have deeply enjoyed myself and had to waddle out.

First thing's first. When you go, order the Garlic Naan. It's wonderful hot crispy-fluffy naan, slathered with minced garlic and herbs, and I could probably just eat that and the curry sauce by the bucketful. It's not an additional price on top of the buffet, which is what takes India Palace from 3-4 stars for me. So garlicky and wonderful.

The buffet itself is pretty typical Indian-for-mostly-americans fare; I had the Aloo Gobi, Butter Chicken, a few curries, Goat Curry, and Bahji, which were all good, and I had no real complaints. Some of the chunks of chicken were those hard fatty bits, and a little bit unpleasant, but those are pretty expected in stews/curries/etc and overall, everything was great. The saag paneer stuck out as particularly delicious.

They were great about honoring the free mango lassi yelp check-in deal, and, since it was my first time trying lassi (I haven't tried one before because I'm not usually a yogurt fan, and I haven't wanted to spend 3-6$ on a drink I will probably not like, but hey, free is the right price to try new things).  So I tried a new thing and really enjoyed it. I can't say if it was good or bad in lassi terms as I have nothing to compare it to, but I CAN say I plan on trying more lassi's now so that I can find out. And I think that's a pretty good sign for it's tastiness. 

I will definitely be back for the lunch buffet, but I think I will need to try some of the other indian places around town before I choose my "go-to" dinner joint. The a-la-carte menu seems a little pricey around dinner time here, but the lunch buffet price is perfect for me.笑
Good food very tasty but need to wait bit more time to get the food. The service is good. Clean and neat ambience笑
Nice Cleen place in Lasvegas  I love onion culcha, paneer Tikal masala kheer gulab juman  RANA  is good cook & garry Jagtar is good Maneger  all the people work so nice I enjoy the food so much thanks everybody笑
Food is bad and location didn't seem very nice. Beware of automatic gratuity which is charged when you have six people even if some of the guests are little kids.笑
India Palace had catered a wedding at my work a month ago. Seeing the satisfaction of the native diners drew me to try this place out. I had originally wanted to use my groupon, but that offer cannot be combined with the lunch buffet. Instead, I opted for my sister to try some new dishes and determine new favorites. No fear about the unused groupon, next time I will return for dinner. Although I might have failed with my initial mission, the free mango lassi for my first check-in made up for it. The yogurt drink was a nice balance of tart and sweet. Really refreshing for the muggy weather we have been experiencing.

With the Fourth of July over, and done with, my meat intake had thrown me off balance. To offset the BBQ, no cuisine is better than Indian for when you feel like dining on good vegetarian friendly dishes. Did I choose to stay completely meat free? No, I could not resist a few pieces of goat in a curry sauce, a piece of tandoori chicken, and some chicken vindaloo. All of these dishes were fantastic. Nothing was overly salty or sweet. Instead they had strong herbal or spice accents that did not mask the meat. The cilantro chutney only intensified the sensations within my mouth. Now for the real reason why I love Indian food. The paag paneer was addictive and tasted wonderful with the fresh garlic naan. Nice pieces of cottage cheese were found throughout the creamy spinach mixture. The dhal curry was also a favorite. The complex spices in this yellow lentil soup is great over rice, or just eaten straight. Do not forget to help yourself to some kheer. This creamy rice pudding is thinner than the kind you will find in Mediterranean restaurants, but has slivers of almonds within. 

The buffet is open from 11:30-3:00 for a reasonable $11.99.笑
Food is amazing and this is an Indian person saying that. Our server Manny was awesome, he really made our night.笑
My boyfriend and I came here on a Groupon, and after reviewing the menu I was really excited to try this place. At first, everything was really nice. When we were being seated, the host told us a party of 50 was coming in, and that the back room might be quieter, which it was. The back room has 4 tables and is a nice intimate setting. Note, that in the time we were there, one tour bus full of tourists came in, ate, left, and another bus full was coming in as we were leaving. The bus loads of people appeared constant, and if we had sat in the main dining room, it might have been miserable. 

But anyway. Everything we ate tasted really good. We ordered a goat dish, a lamb dish, and samosas. The veggie samosas were kind of bland, and only had potato in them, but tasted fine. When we ordered it was a little weird that the waiter asked us what kind of rice and naan we wanted, as if it came with our meal, when in fact it didn't. I've never been to an indian restaurant that charged extra for rice, so I thought that was a little shady. 

But really none of that mattered, because towards the end of our meal, we found a hair in our food. A short, curly, kind of hair. We showed the manager. His response was "do you want some more rice? I can get you some free rice to go? I'll take 10% off of your bill, mistakes happen, it probably came from the buffet." Um, number one, we didn't eat from the buffet, and number two, DUDE there is a pubic hair in our food. While I appreciate him taking a little bit off of the bill, what I would really prefer is for him to look disgusted, and go back to his kitchen and have a very serious talk with his cooks about hygiene and cleanliness. But I had the distinct impression that wasn't going to happen, and he just sort of acted like, oh these things happen sometimes. Maybe he didn't understand that this hair did not fall off of someone's head?

So, even though the food tasted good, and up until that point we had been having a nice time, I really don't think I can get past a pubic hair in my food. We won't be back.笑
This my FAVORITE place to eat when I'm in Vegas! The food is beyond excellent and the spices and flavor are over the top! The chicken masala is to die for! Korma is amazing... Vindaloo was soooo good! I also enjoy the vegetarian plate where you can choose four different dishes to sample in smaller portions. The garlic naan and chile naan are so delicious. You would never expect this little hole is the wall could be so good but you will not be disappointed! Gary is our favorite waiter! He will take very good care of you! Don't miss this place!笑
Tried the lunch buffet this time and I was meh, okay. 

No much food selection but I did get to try a few new things that I liked. 

Service sucks of course and there is one waiter that I just do not like because of his personality I guess. Just seems like he doesn't give a shit but it's probably like going to a chinese place and the waitress being mean because that's just their personality. He wasn't mean or anything, just seemed like he wasn't interested in helping or that I was annoying him.笑
Manny is the best! Great service and delicious food. Don't forget to check in at yelp, too :)笑
I have been eating at India Palace for ten years. Imagine my surprise when I my favorite Indian restaurant now completely renovated. The building is now very modern and upgraded. I had the lunch buffet today and was pleasantly surprised that chicken tika masala is now part of the buffet. Still my favorite menu item. I highly recommend the lunch buffet if this is your first foray into Indian cuisine. My only quibble is that the dinner menu averages $15 per entree. A little high, but well worth it in my opinion.笑
This is my best indian food spot whenever I come to Vegas. Beautiful decor, good value, delicious flavored. I have tried other indian restaurants in the area, but this one stands out. Specially tandoori chicken & wings. Thumbs up.笑
Never call them for an order.
The guy i called for order was rude and impolite .
I am writing this review even before tasting the food, the guy on the phone go me really worked up. I am saying this even though i am an Indian, Staff at Indian restaurants can be a total ass!笑
Very good vegetarian options for dinner and great service with easy access from the strip. Nice wine list if you don't mind buying a bottle (if you don't drink it all you can take it with).笑
I have been dining here for over 10 years. I am an Indian who is very passionate about my food.  Each time I visit India palace, food and service always exceeds expectations.  Our top favorite items on the menu are chicken tikka masala, paneer tikka, bhindi masala and malai kofta.  The staff is very polite and go out of their way to give you best possible service. Today our server was Gary. I forgot my gift card in the restaurant and he ran out to the parking lot in the cold weather, looking for us and handed me my gift card which still had a balance of $40!!! Thank you Gary and thank you India palace for taking care of my Indian food cravings for all these years! You are the best.笑
Incredible food,  service and atmosphere.  I've been to a lot of Indian buffets and this was one of the best I've ever been to, the food was all very flavorful.  Very small and quaint place,  so don't expect a big huge flashy Vegas sign for it.笑
Food is mediocre: chicken tandoori undercooked and the sauce was bland. The lamb curry was okay, although the lamb meat seems to have been reheated once or twice because it was not at all tender. I called to order take-out and they apparently "don't deliver" and pointed us to food delivery services, including Uber eats. I found out the hard way that, unlike every other Indian restaurant at which I have eaten, dishes don't come with rice - one needs to order separately. I must have missed that fine print on my phone and upon calling the restaurant to inquire they said I'd have to take it up with uber eats. So $43 for glorified and mediocre chicken wings and basically a reheated lamb curry stew and these guys are happy to point fingers at the delivery service they have chosen to use. I suspect, given the restaurant's proximity to the strip, most of it's customers are tourists and the trouble with tourist joints is they don't have to live on repeat business so can afford to serve mediocre food and tell you "too bad" when you complain about it. I certainly wouldn't patronize this swill stand again.笑
Great food - Chicken Tikka was delicious.  They ran out of the beer we were drinking and ran across the street to get more!  Great service, great food - definitely check this place out. 

Manny was a big teddybear - thanks guys!笑
We frequent this place for the lunch buffet which is one of the better ones we've tried in this city, which is why they deserve a 4. The only downside is that this was the first time we've come here for dinner and the service was great at first but ended up being really slow towards the later part of our meal. We waited 15 minutes for our second order of naan. It's safe to say we will not return for dinner but will definitely come back for the lunch buffet.笑
Last night in Vegas:

My girlfriend and I wanted to eat somewhere off the strip and have some good Indian food. We are both glad we found this place. Ok it may not be in the best part of town, but the food more than makes up for it.

Appetizers: Complimentary flat breads with dipping sauces

Entrees: Lamb Curry & Chicken Tikka Masala

Sides: Keemon Naan and Plain Naan.

Everything was oh so good. I don't really eat too much indian food, maybe because I'm worried that I'm going to get bad indian food. But I'm glad we went here. First thing you notice when you walk in, is that everyone that is sitting in the restaurant is indian! Ok, so they're all indian this place must be good! And YES it was. For sure we are going to have to go back here again if and when we are in Vegas...笑
Terrible place.. They charge for a buffet which hardly has variety. Waste of money. Save yourself from going there. On top of it the food tastes bad.笑
My boyfriend and I went here because of a group-on deal for dinner in which you spend $37 and get $25 off. Overall the food took a bit longer than expected to receive (especially since it was slow night customers wise) however it was worth the wait. Along with this they were good about refilling our drinks and clearing our plates at the end. Plus they took the group on without issue (something I see a lot of restaurants trying to get out of when I use groupons of some kind)笑
Come here for good, authentic Indian curry! I've only ever gotten their curries and tandoori chicken and they are simply one of the best in town. Even though there are a few on the west side of town, I always willingly and happily drive from summerlin all the way across town to eat at Cafe India. 

Their curries are flavorful, well-balanced and have morsels of tender meat - everything I look for in a curry. There have been a few times they didn't quite get the spice level right but they are more than willing to bring you additional hot peppers or even take it back to the kitchen. The tandoori chicken is simply heavenly, very juicy and soft. Just beware that if you do have it during their fabulous lunch buffet hours that it might be a tad drier than if you order it as an dinner entree.

And have I mentioned how great their lunch buffet is? $10 (I believe) and you get mango custard, lamb vindaloo (sometimes) and that spinach one that I really like.... and chicken marsala, tandoori chicken, naan, rice etc. Basically there's going to be more than what you can eat!

Their only downfall is their inconsistent service. Now it's not bad, but sometimes they can come off as brisk or they get very busy and it takes a while to be noticed. However, whenever that happens, their manager always noticed and would make amends, which makes it alright in my eyes. Besides, it's an indian restaurant and I'm sitting back, relaxing and not expecting things to be done as quickly as an American restaurant. When in Rome, do as Romans do!笑
We walked in and for the first six minutes were greeted with complete disregard and blank stares from the staff, granted they were busy but a simple hello or a welcome wouldn't have hurt anyone. We've been here plenty of times before but treated very rudely this time. No matter how busy you get a guest should never have to feel that. It was just plain disrespectful.笑
What an awesome buffet!  Not only was the food amazing but the service was great. Our server offered us some garlic naan that was excellent. The decor was beautiful and we plan on being back.笑
This a detailed and direct to the point review about the place 

Service are really bad and people are not friendly. It seems that if you are not Indian then you are not welcomed there .

Place smell strong , I must say I unpleasant smell . I think they need to turn on there extracting system or replace it. .

I must I have been in many Indian Resturant in my life 

In the following countries 

1- United Kingdom where the Indian food popular as the Mexican food here in the date 
2- Germany where I come from .
3- Arab countries .
5- Spain
6- Belgium only once 

Never ever paid for their rice that come with the stew .
Actually most of the food is served with rice . If you would like to order extra rice then you must pay that extra .

The same with bread if it order Tindory ( Indian barbecue version)

Those guys ripped me off with both .

Now let us talk about food 
Although all what I mentioned about my negative experience the food was good. I would give them honestly for the food only 3 and half star. 

But sadly the whole night was destroyed by this in ethical and very cheap way of running business   . I don't think that everyone Indian place is like that at all. And I will keep going to the honest one . 

I will also adjust a picture from the recipe to support my review .

And one of the waiter was nice Out of 4 

Hope that my review will be helpful .

En español 
No es buena experiencia para nada , el lugar Huelva feo feo y tratan la venta muy mal . Mejor aprender indo antes de irte. Se tratan a los de ellos en otra maniera 

Italiano
Non andate questo posto. Non é limpido e anche trattano la gente come se erano insetti.  Veramente schifo .

Io sono esatto en mezzo mondo è mai sono trovato una esperienza così pessima .

Auf deutsch 

Bitte vergessen Sie einfach dieses sogenannte Resturant. Stinkt wie Pest .
Die Leute sind arrogant und sehr ungebildet .
Billige Geld Schweinerei und unehrliche Quittung .

Lieber in Casino Rio wo die Kontrolle unsere Deutsch Standard entspricht .

Português.  

Você não vá a acreditar que cheiro feio vá a encontrar neste restaurante 
Não recomendo a ninguém ir ali .
   .     .    .笑
Really expected great things from the friendly looks of the Palace outside.

This is the perfect example of a hole in the wall. You would never expect to find a restaurant so fancy inside from where these guys are located. They have a wonderful set up inside including a full bar that not many hidden restaurants have to offer. 

Upon ordering takeout...
Looking through their menu, most of the entrees were ranging as low as $14. That doesn't even include rice or any other side dish, which is an additional $6. So I ordered the Lamb Curry with a side of rice and Garlic Naan. Everything was delicious and had the perfect amount of kick. To be on the picky side though, I have to complain about my Lamb being really tough and the pieces were just too large to be eaten. I had to cut every piece into 3 before eating it. Not to mention there were only about 4 pieces in the Curry itself. Like always with Indian food, I enjoyed the Naan the most by dipping it in the Curry sauce and downing it with the free Mango Lassie received upon checking in (which I "forgot" to redeem hehe).

Staff was really friendly, greeted me as I walked in and sure love Yelpers that stop by to eat! They were all up on my phone when they seen the noticeable Yelp App. asking about what I was going to write about, it was funny lol. In the end i do have to say that prices were higher than expected for the quality and quantity of food prepared.笑
Superb food...excellent service....some of the staff are limited English proficient...but if you are interested in talking about India a nd food....they take great care of you.   No buffet after 3...but the dinner specials are 4 course meals with way too much food for one person.  My favorite...rack of lamb...best I ever had...cooked to perfection.   Lots of Indian locals come here.    Sunday brunch 14 bucks includes Champaign.  Parking not a problem because they aren't usually too busy.   One block off paradise at sands/ twain.   Don't walk here at night because it's not too safe.  Monorail goes right by and buses but left or taxis are easier笑
Best Indian food in Las Vegas in my opinion. However I have only eaten at 4 total. If there is a better one please let me know, but this India Palace is legit! 

I really love everything on the menu but my favorites are  the chicken vindaloo, tiki masala, lamb samosa, raita, garlic naan bread, tandoori chicken.. Mango Lassi is a must also!

You aren't going to get the most incredible service here but the place is clean and has a very nice classy atmosphere.  It's all about the food here.笑
Been there many times, food is great also service, there buffet has a large variety of foods from north of India.笑
Went here to support a friend's event and stayed for dinner. The staff was very customer oriented and kept our glasses of water full and were checking in on a regular basis. I tried the bhel puri/chana chat which is chick peas, puffed rice, onions, and potatoes tossed in a tangy tamarind sauce. This was very fresh. My friend tried the fish tikka which was also very good.
I also tried:
dal makhani-pretty good
malai kofta-yummy
bhindi masala-it was good but very oily 
naan-both the garlic and plain naan very light and good
gulab jamun-yummy. this was very fluffy(not how gulab jamuns usually are so this was a pleasant change)
I was told that the chilli chicken was good too.

I would go and check this place out again!笑
We've been coming here for years and I have to say that they have the best chicken tikka masala. My hubby always has the chicken karahi, he loves the sauce. With that we had the peas pulao and the plain naan. We just don't get enough. On top of that they are on restaurant.com. The service is always good. Friendly servers.笑
I love Indian food and I eat it fairly often but this place has hands down the best chicken makhani. I ordered the basmati rice, the garlic naan, and the chicken makhani and that was well enough food for two people. The flavors of everything was incredible and I'm actually really sad I'm only in Vegas for the weekend because I'd eat here weekly if I could.笑
Food is good. But the attitude not so good. If you can not honor the groupon or yelp coupons.. then why do you guys issue them anyways?  So you have a $30 for $20 deal at yelp. And a 'free' mango lassi at yelp checkin. But the 'rude' waiter says... You can't use both the coupons.  Never going back again.. :(笑
India Palace never disappoints! Chicken tikka masala is amazing and the bhindi masala is delicious! We always get garlic naan with our meal and make sure to order extra to take home. My husband and I try to come here as often as we can!笑
We went there for a buffet lunch. This was around 2:00 pm. Not too late I suppose. 

Let me directly come to the food since that what matters the most, at least in this budget range of indian rest. Everything was cold. Didn't look freshly made. Avoid non veg if possible. If I may say so there was a chicken starter seemingly labelled as tandoori chicken. Far from it. Most of the dishes seemed to lack any taste to it. Maybe ala carte from the menu would have been a better choice. Kheer was passable with lots of synthetic flavors. 

Staff and other aspects were not a big worry. Though charged 2 10 year olds full price for the buffet. 

Would not recommend.笑
Bad place ... The guy don't want to write the orders he said he has good memory ,  next all our order was totally wrong ... Fun part the person was not even apologetic ... Please don't go to these place笑
This place made my super picky, not very adventurously eating boyfriend fall in love with Indian food.  He orders his food "extra mild" and it comes out awesome every time.  They have some kind of whole wheat naan stuffed with onions and herbs that is really delicious.  I love the Bollywood music videos, and this restaurant is really nice on the inside.笑
Fabulous food and courteous waitstaff. The combination dinners are a tremendous value, more food than one can eat, and they even let me substitute one of the dishes. I will be back again.笑
Great Indian food for the price.  Most of the food is around $15.  I ordered Tandoori Fish $17.  According to the menu, "The tandoor is North India's traditional clay oven, which is made of bricks & clay. It is used to cook food over direct charcoal heat. Meats cooked with this method are identified as Tandoori."笑
I was craving Indian food on our trip so I found this on Yelp of course. The food was excellent! Vick was awesome and if I get back to Vegas, I will visit again!笑
This is like any other Indian restaurants when it comes to weekday lunch buffet. Not out of the ordinary and at the same time the food is not too bad.笑
The BF and I have been trying all the Indian lunch buffets about town. 

The buffet was overall decent. The spread was fairly good with Navarathan Korma being the definite star. It was creamy and flavorful with crunchy veggies. A close second was the chicken makhani as the chicken was moist. Some of the other offerings were good, but other than what I mentioned, pretty standard.  

The service is really friendly and very attentive so major points for that. Didn't need to ask for refills and plates were cleared right away. We were checked on often.

I think I prefer this over the other much talked about Namaste, but it cannot beat Mint for me.笑
Decided to end our fun vegas weekend with some indian food... Glad we chose this place....customer service was amazing, food was authentic & the price was amazing! Definitely recommend it笑
The food was great! Service was slow even though we and another party were the only ones in the restaurant, there couldn't have been more than 8 people seated. This was a few minutes after the lunch buffet closed and before the dinner rush. Nonetheless, I loved their goat curry and mango lassi. My sister and cousin ordered chicken entrees which were really good. This place had the best mango lassi I've had in a long time. The food was 5 stars, service was maybe a 3. I would come again though.笑
This place deserves the high ratings on Yelp. Tried this place because of Groupon and so glad we did.  Their condiments for the papadam were a bit too spicy for my kid. We like that we could customize the spiciness of our dishes from 1-10, we chose a 3 and it was on the spicier side of 3 but all delicious.  The Chicken tikka masala which is usually our favorite dish was very very good, well spiced and great over the rice.  The rice was very fluffy and did not clump.  The garlic naan was fantastic!  The Bindhi (okra) masala was very good as well. Great wait staff and a good experience.笑
We had visited the place during 4th July weekend. Right as we stepped in, we felt that the host was non-welcoming. The lunch buffet didn't really have enough options if you were a vegetarian. So we ordered a la carte. The curries were ordinary, and surprisingly even the breads weren't good. What we were most dissatisfied with, was their service - sloppy to say the best.笑
Wow! The renovation has really improved the ambiance of this place! Great job... so much more open, with a lot more space. Some good Bollywood videos on the TV, low lighting.  Nice.  

Anyway! The lunch buffet ($11.95) has several vegan options, one of which is MASALA DOSA! I know! You're freaking out.  You have been looking for an Indian place that even SERVES dosa, much less has it on the buffet!!  Well, this is a blessing and a curse.  Masala dosa should be eaten immediately after it comes off the griddle, which does not happen at a buffet.  BUT if you can hold out til you see a fresh batch brought out, it's pretty good.  And the sambar to go with was super tasty.  (Bad news though, their coconut chutney has dairy in it.)

The server was very helpful pointing out the vegan-friendly dishes (pakora, rice, chana masala, cabbage, dosa, sambar, some salad stuff).  They will also bring you (vegan) roti upon request instead of naan.

It's an A-OK place; a nice change of pace from the usual trip across the street to Mint.

Oh, and meat-eaters - apparently you MUST try the meatballs and the goat.  That was the word around the table, can't confirm personally!笑
I went in to Indian Palace last week while visiting Las Vegas and went to this place all 3 days either for lunch or dinner . The food was very authentic , service was great. Highly recommend this place for folks who like traditional Indian ( Punjabi) food.笑
This is my favorite Indian restaurant in Las Vegas. I have tried many others, but India Palace has consistently the best food. The new decor is a plus, too. Favorite items include Shrimp Biryani, Vegetable Samosas, Dal Makani, Aloo Gobi, Tandoori Chicken, and Garlic Naan. They also have the best Tamarind Sauce.笑
India Palace is my favorite Indian restaurant in Vegas.  My favorite dishes are the Chicken Tikka Masala and the Chicken Makhani.  The cheese naan and garlic naan are also excellent.  The servers are friendly and helpful with recommending dishes, especially our favorite server Garry.  We use certificates from Restuarant.com every time we go to save money.笑
We ventured into this neighborhood trying to get some neat food on a cold night. Since it was our first night in vegas and we dint know this side of the city very well we ended up coming in the wrong side out from our hotel and i must say the route was super scary to walk by. I barely thought of how could any restaurant be tucked in this neighbourhood. Once we went in we were seated and we ordered malai kofta ( very enriching taste) and korma with naan. The food was overall very good. The service was not exactly great or worth mentioning but the power of food overpowered the service and hence the solid four stars.笑
The restaurant is located not in a very busy side of time. They did have a lot of varieties, but nothing was really outstanding or memorable. I did like that they have a lot of vegetarian items though. The interior design of the restaurant and the service was ok.笑
The food is pretty good, the prices are not so pretty good. Plus you have to pay for rice which I think is a complete sham especially when you're already shelling out ~$15 for a curry. I mean come on, how much is rice? Definitely not the $3.95 you charged me.

Anyway, we were a group of 4 so we got a decent variety: Saag Paneer, Haryali Chicken, Karahi Chicken, and I convinced my bro-in-law to try goat so we also got the Goat Curry. The Goat Curry sauce was pretty tasty but all the goat meat was attached to chunks of bone so it's a bit of a pain and not so fun to have to extract actual meat. Goat is nearer to pork than anything if you've never tried it by the way - & not gamey like mutton can be...barf.

Karahi Chicken was also worthy of getting. A nice tasting curry with various spices intermingling. I had mine done "spicy" but it still could have used a little more heat. 

I wish I could tell you about the Haryali Chicken but my soon-to-be sister-in-law didn't seem to want to share from the other side of the table. It looked good. 

Check Groupon or Yelp for deals here. And get the garlic naan and paratha to round out your experience.笑
I have only gone for the lunch buffet and I must say it is pretty good. All the servers are nice not great but nice. This is my go to Indian joint when I am craving Indian. Definitely give it a try.笑
great food. great service.cant be beat. tried other places around town and only one other comes close. always end up back here. good selection. i usually go in for lunch. family came into town and had to take them here.笑
Good Indian buffet that isn't too far off the strip. 

The good:
-I had lunch and the buffet was $14, I think. 
-Buffet came with fresh naan brought to your table (as opposed to other buffets where the naan has been sitting in a pan on the steam table forever)
-Baliwood movies playing on TVs - very fun atmosphere (but not too chaotic)
-Very clean, newer looking, cool (temperature-wise), easy parking
-Several different meat options, including lamb, tandoori chicken, and a couple of other chicken in sauce options, as well as saag paneer (I have been to several buffets where there is a single meat option so this made me happy)
-Their rice pudding has almonds and some other stuff that I had not had before - very much enjoyed that!
-Good table service and attention as far as removing plates and keeping my water glass full 

The bad:
-not really anything about the food or service - but even though it is close to the strip, it isn't really walking distance (and I don't even know if I would call that a bad thing....)笑
Second visit here on Christmas day and again had wonderful experience. Even though wait was long but it was worth it as the food was really authentic and tasty. Must visit this place if you like indian food. Adan and Nelroy were awesome and provided very good service. Merry Christmas.笑
Delicious! I've never been a big fan of Indian cuisine, but my meal here was excellent. I had the Lamb Rogan Josh with the peas pulao rice and a side of garlic naan. Everything was fresh and delicious. The lamb rogan josh in particular was very well balanced with the seasoning and the lamb was tender.

One word of caution, the surrounding neighborhood is a little sketchy so be careful walking there at night.笑
Spicy tasty food and decent service. Malai kofta was amazing. It's a bit pricy though!笑
We don't eat much Indian food, but this place was amazing. Our waiter Vick was excellent and took very good care of us. We let him select our meals for us! Chicken tika masala and the lamb rogan josh!

We highly recommend this place (we were only ones there at 4, so we had the place to ourselves).笑
Amazing food!!! Server Vick is the best!!!!! So charming, excellent customer service!!!笑
I went with my family to this place after reading the spectacular reviews. Also they has a $15 for $30 deal which looked good. We ordered the Mysore dosa and the Masala dosa and they were just alright. The dosas were too thick and the filling very average. The sambhar was nice, but the chutney smelled old.

The ambience is OK but place is nice and clean. They don't have too many parking spots. It took us a while to find parking at 9:00 pm. 

I would have still given 3 stars except for the behaviour of one specific staff. 

They has a free mango shake deal going on when we purchased the 15 for 30 deal. When my husband went to pay, one employee told him that he should have mentioned the free shake earlier and that he would charge us for it since we already had it. He said "since you ate your meal already it is a done deal".  My husband showed him the purchase receipt on his smartphone. 

Having to argue/discuss this with the employee, and put up with rubbish, when the deal is clearly posted on Yelp, was painful. My husband had to insist strongly a few times before the employee corrected the bill. 

During this process, the employee tried several wisecracks at  my husband, which of course he failed at miserably. The least we expect at a restaurant is courtesy and we do not put up with mocks and jibes at any cost. 

The person who took our order and served our meal was very respectful and kind, so was the rest of the staff. 

Will not go back or recommend this place笑
Four people, table service; two who really know and love Indian food and two who love *this* place (though I am unsure of the breadth of knowledge on the cuisine itself). 

SERVICE:

The service was fantastic. Vick really took care of us and, having waited on my friends for the past four years, exuded a certain cameraderie that really brought everyone together. He made recommendations, made sure we wanted for nothing, and kept the meal moving forward without making us feel rushed in any way.

FOOD:

The food was mostly good. Not great, but good. Tasty enough to share amongst friends over a couple bottles of wine, and some good conversation.

The paneer pakora (cheese squares made of 2 layers of cheese with some thin herb/veggie spread in between, then battered and fried) was disappointing. Maybe the squares are too big and cool off too fast; it quickly becomes a hunk of room-temperature fried cheese. It didn't make think of Indian food as much as any other fried cheese product around town.

The chicken pakora was much like the cheese; it seemed like any other fried chicken strip. The flavors want to be there, but it's just not executed well enough. Not impressed.

The samosas were really tasty. The crusts were flaky and the stuffing was generous and flavorful. Layered flavors, a great kick of spice, and the textures were good. A highlight, for sure.

The sauces (mint, tamarind, and chili) were fantastic! Really, really flavorful and fresh. We refilled our sauce dishes at least twice. Best part of the meal.

The chicken tikka masala was tasty. Not the best in town, but tasty. We ordered one medium and one hot. The hot was truly HOT... pushing the line of too much (and therefore hiding some of the flavors). Still, the flavors were good and the chicken was tender. 

The peas pulao (basmati rice with peas and cashews) was pretty damn good, actually. I tasted a bite with a little of everything and really loved the freshness, the combination of flavors. Great complement.

The breads were good (my companions had to try at least four kinds?). I tasted a few small bits here and there and found them good. Again, not great. But good, worth trying.

COST/VALUE:

The apps and bread are priced well, especially for groups who want to get a few things and share. The entrees, however, are overpriced for what we received: appetizer size at entree prices. The tikka masala was tiny for what they charge and the rice was a la carte (also a bit pricey for what you get). Bad juju there, as your "entree" becomes a $20+ dish but it's just not a $20+ place. It wasn't my dime, but $200 for a group of four is a bit excessive for a place like this, even considering the wine.

OVERALL:

 Food (and value of same) made me think it was a 2-2.5 (edible, but I have had much better...) but the service and atmosphere was easily a 4.5! So, a 3-star, A-OK experience. 

I *would* go again with my friends as they have a special affinity for this place... but I'll also take them somewhere else when it's my turn to choose.笑
This place is consitient and always a good meal.  For me its a "standby".  If my team can't think of anyplace else o go, this is a place we know we can't go wrong.笑
This was my second time here. India palace is clean and comfortable. Manny led us thru our meal. We started with onion pec pecora and garlic nan. We had lamb, vegetables and desert. Food was the most amazing in LAS VEGAS and Manny did not  disappoint with service. This is a must try.....a little behind the strip but must visit.笑
The vegetarian dishes was okay. I did enjoy the cabbage dish and I believe it is called Kutu. Anyway, it was fresh and tasty. The vegetables was cooked perfectly right. Not too soggy and still had a fresh crisp at each bite. 

I didn't eat as much, but I was extremely full right away. I wonder if the myth about buffets is true. You know, the myth of putting something in all of the food that makes you full fast so you don't eat as much and waste any food? Well,  my stomach seems to think that the buffet myth applies to India Palace. It feels like I ate a whole roast pig. I just feel awkwardly bloated and full from eating a few vegetarian dishes. 

I am not sure if I would come back, considering that the lunch buffet is $11.99. The waiter also had poor listening skills.  The bill was 
$25.84.  My friend had $20 Cash and I had a card. We told the waiter to bring back $5 in change and put the rest on the card.  Simple enough right? 

He put $20 into the bill and charged $5.84 on the card! Ay yay yay!!笑
India Palace is our favorite Indian restaurant in Las Vegas. The vegetable pakoras and samosas are delicious and they make the BEST malai kofta we have ever had. Every dish that we have eaten there (and we have eaten there a lot!) has been delicious so it makes it hard to choose just one dish! And don't forget the garlic naan - amazing!笑
I'm a huge fan of Indian cuisine and I even cook it at home.  I have tried my fair share of Indian restaurants and this one lands at the top of the list with the likes of Amber in San Jose, CA.  

The tikka masala, benghan barta and other dishes my colleagues ordered were all excellent including the onion kulcha.  The only thing that was ok was the rice pudding dessert.  I have had better elsewhere.

All in all I can't wait to come back to Vegas and have dinner here again.  If you're an Indian food fan, you will love this place!笑
Finally found an Indian place we like, thanks Groupon! We've tried so many places. Love the flavor of the chicken tiki masala here $15. Garlic naan $3 is crispy and garlicky..yumm. Rice tastes great but cost an extra $4, it's a big portion though and you can share it. Would go here every week if it was closer!  Craving it now as I write this review!笑
Now this place has an awesome buffet. I was totally disappointed with Las Vegas Indian resturants and then made it to this one on the last day of our trip. Can't say enough about this place. The food was delicious, fresh, with enough variety and each dish was a pleasure to taste. The decor was nice and Indian and even the restrooms were clean. Very satisfied, highly recommend.笑
One of the best Indian restaurant in Vegas. We tried paneer tikka masala and tarka dal (tip - go for double tarka if you like spicy). Looking forward to visit this place again.笑
We were a group of four n were very hungry travelling back from hoover dam to vegas.we were  in  search of good Indian food and after having buffet here we realized v made the best decission by choosing Indian palace...Food was very tasty n it's worth of the money ...Waiter Anthony took care of very well I would definitely recommend this..笑
One of the best in Vegas. Food is tasty and service is good. With groupon deal you can get the best food at minimal price. We order kadai chicken, tandoori and mango lassi.笑
If I could give a negative ten, I would. 
Service- super rude and obnoxious 
Delivery- 1.5 hours, even though I was told 25-45 minutes. I was not told that it is cash only. Items from the order were missing , when I called to inquire- no reaction at all
Was charged $10 for delivery, even though Yelp page showed less. 
Food- horrible; dosa was very soggy and thick. Very limited options for chutneys. Food lacks basic flavor.笑
Consumer Beware! Beware! before going to this  restaurant! They have raised all their prices--including Buffet which is now at a ridiculous $14.95 per person! Nowhere do they inform you of the new prices until u get the bill! we ordered from the menu as well and the quantity is a JOKE - even one person cannot eat on the ridiculously priced dal!

The buffet was even worse with STALE food, empty buffet trays that were being refilled at snails pace with just a few pieces of chicken that are now cut in half than previously served. Dessert milk had gone bas with pungent taste, bread was cold, tixe was hard as a rock (which means it was from the day before and re- heated)!! Glasses smelled similar to foul meat which means not cleaned thoroughly. We are very dissappointed - we were regulars at this restaurant and don't know what happened! Maybe its new management or maybe its just the want to make money and let go of quality and serve your customers horrendous quality of food- whatever the case - they have gone downhill!! Save yourself the bad experience and do not eat here - not worth it anymore! for this price you can eat at a fancy restaurant in vegas!! 

On a positive note the waiters are nice. and thats about it on the niceness part. 

A note to management: do not rip un suspecting customers- your prices have gone up and quality is horrible!笑
4 star ratings for such awful food is what makes me doubt yelp ratings. Leaving the dated and dirty atmosphere aside, I had the worst masala dosa ever at this place. The sambar was bad, masala had no taste and the chutneys were horrible. I walked a mile from the Wynn going by its 4 star rating but highly disappointed. I've tried Tamba a few times I've been to vegas before. Go there instead for a much better ambience and food for probably the same price.笑
This place is great! It's probably the best Indian lunch buffet we've tried since coming to Vegas. Everything was so flavorful! And they offers a lot of dishes that I'd never tried before - ones I've never seen offered at other buffets. 

It happened to be a Friday during Lent, so my hubby's stuck to the vegetarian dishes. I worried about this a little because his favorite Indian dishes usually involve chicken. But he couldn't have been more pleased! I think his favorite was the Saag Paneer and then Kheer for dessert, of course! My favorites were the Goat Curry and the Chicken Makhani. 

All of this was just under $30 including the tip. The service was fine and we had the place mostly to ourselves.笑
Food is good but the management & service isn't the best. If you want friendly staff this isn't the spot. Scary neighborhood too.笑
- Good food, Paneer entree was really really good. Dal was good as well
- Great service, packed our food really well.
- Clean
Host was gracious. Lots of vegetarian options.笑
I had been craving Indian food for a while now so I forced my man to come with me.. Unfortunately, he is not a huge fan of Indian cuisine..We got here at 8:30 on a Sunday night and there was just 1 other table besides us.. This place is located in a pretty sketchy neighborhood but once inside it's not that bad... 

We ordered: 
-The Tandoori Chicken Dinner Special: Tandoori chicken, Saag Paneer, Mixed Vegetables ($25.95)
-The Mixed Curry Dinner Special: Chicken Tikka Masala, Chicken Sagwala, Chicken Masala ($25.95) 
-Dinner specials also come with dal soup (traditional veggie soup with delicately spiced lentils) and choice of bread.. We got garlic naan & roti.. 
-They also give you complimentary pappadum & chutneys 
-Mango Lassi (free with check-in but they only let us have 1 to share lol) .. Tasted like a sour mango yogurt milkshake LOL

The food was just OK.. My favorite item was the chicken tikka masala~ The service absolutely SUCKED... Even though there were 7 servers just sitting around no one even came to refill our water glasses or check up on us even once.. Anyways after we left I started feeling sick and when we arrived home I most definitely was sick... EWWW I got food poisoning from there and spent the next day feeling absolutely miserable.. The total bill was over $50 and the food quality was the same.. if not worse than a standard lunch buffet.. Thank the Lord I had a Restaurant.com certificate so we only paid a little over $37... But it was not worth getting sick for. I will stick to Mount Everest or try Mint next time. Blehhhhhhhh~

HOT TIP: Indian lunch buffets are absolutely the way to go~!!!笑
The food was good, The tables were nice. No better or worse than other Indian places I suppose. The guy with the paint-brush mustache was fun to look at. The server with the shaved head I felt got a little too familiar with us but it wasn't too bad.笑
I haven't been to enough Indian restaurants to compare, but everytime I've been here, the food was excellent, the service was amazing, and the mango lassi..... MMMMHMMMM. 

No complaints! The waiters are very attentive & friendly..personable. I ordered a dal soup not really knowing what to expect, and they brought out both a tomato soup & the dal (lentil) soup for me to decide which I liked better! I really enjoyed the dal soup (delicious) but I liked the tomato soup too. Definitely not your typical American tomato soup. It's got flaaaava flaaav! 

I always want to try something new, but seem to end up ordering the same things... One day I will though, considering I'm here all the time!笑
Awesome Food!! I stay in Vegas and I love this place, i can go there and eat everyday. Awesome service, fare price, love the atmosphere and great food. We do have a lot of Indian places to eat, but this place is simply awesome. ASK for Gary笑
Great service and delicious food! Definitely will be back for more of that vegetarian dinner special and garlic naan!笑
What an awesome place. Ricky was awesome. owner was fantastic. We will be back for sure!!!! The food was really good, the place was clean and the staff was very attentive!笑
One of the best indian resturants I have been, the food here was really amazing.  
Good ambiance 
Great food 
Wonderful service 
Overall amazing experience !!!笑
Horrible food, not even close to what Indian food suppose to be like. Never visiting again !笑
I just tried this place today...it was delicious.  I bought a groupon for it!  We had some of the vegetarian options on hand...totally authentic and delicious...Great service too!笑
Best Indian food out there. We had dinner before it got real busy which was o.k. With me. 
Try the Hayward imported Indian beer. The food was great and the service wasn't bad. Not the greatest part of town but oh well. Glad we went :-)笑
Every time I visit Vegas, I make sure that I eat there once. They serve really good food with good quantity. The prices are also very well marked. The owners, the servers, and there is one elderly Indian lady who is really nice. She went out of her way to get some milk for our child which we really appreciated.
Once we reached after the lunch buffet was closed and the owner still made all the servers wait till we finished our food. 
It is a good place and has a nice atmosphere inside the restaurant. I highly recommend it.笑
It is a good sign when you walk into a restaurant and see that the  majority of customers are of the same native as the menu. This is my experiance.  The food was great!  Service was friendly and helpful in selecting dishes. Prices are very well priced.  One of the best Indian resaurants in the country!!!笑
110% the best Indian place in vegas. Food is delicious and always perfection. Portion sizes are just right for sharing with plenty of meat and veggies where other places skimp and give you a trough of sauce with 3 or 4 pieces of chicken. Papadam and sauces are complimentary. Get the butter chicken and narvartan Korma with paneer. You won't be sorry笑
Generous Host, limited but tasty veg options. Liked the paranthas along with Dal. Don't try South Indian Dosa or Idli. Stick to North Indian cuisine笑
Don't let the sketchy area keep you away, the food pisses amazing! I've been twice and had the goat curry both times. I actually stabbed my dinner partner in the hand when he reached for a bite. The cheese bread is so good and is perfect with the green mint sauce. The staff is excellent at describing the dishes and both times they have brought me samples from the kitchen at no charge! I would have given 4 stars if not for the fact I found hair in my goat the last time I visited. It ended the meal, I but I will likely be back for more. I'll just hope there are hairnets back in the kitchen.笑
Went there for dinner buffet, food was awful with uncooked rice and bland desert.
overpriced bad food.笑
I love it here. Everything we ordered was great! Gary is the friendliest and most helpful waiter. I recommend this place to anyone who is looking for some good indian food and great customer service.笑
Food is pretty good but service is not good at all. I went for lunch and didn't order the buffett - the staff acted all put out by that, and when I tried to order a dessert off the menu they said they'd check and see if they had it. It was OK but nothing special.笑
best food in vegas. our server anthony was awesome. great service and best indian food in LV笑
For Las Vegas standards, this is fantastic Indian dining establishment.  The food is fresh and very tasty.  The saag paneer is subperb and the price is just right for the lunch buffet.     And no lunch would be complete without a bit of Bollywood in the background.笑
Because the Groupon wasn't allowed to use for lunch buffet, we went for normal entree menus. And glad we did!

Items selected:

- Masala Dosa: Thin crispy rice crepes filled with deliciously spiced potatoes & onions
- Chicken Tikka Masala: Tandoori white chicken marinated in yogurt & spices, simmered in a creamy tomato sauce
- Mango Lassi: Check-in bonus!

For Dosa, my all time favorite has been http://www.dosasf.com in SF, but India Palace does it in a different way. More crispy and lighter, which was really good!

Chicken Tikka Masala was also very good, and the naan was tasty. For basic items, execution is everything and they did quite well. Fresh and hot, no stale leftovers we usually see in lunch buffet were observed.

I'll return for the dosa.笑
Best Indian lunch buffet in a town where the Indian lunch buffets I've tried aren't particularly fantastic.  No comments on any non-buffet action as I haven't had it.

Located right near the convention center for all of you out-of-towners, but also not in a particularly good neighborhood the further you head away from the Strip.  Still though, if you're in that area of town it's a pretty good meal.笑
This place is okayish... North Indian snacks like Aloo Chat, Samosa chat are tasty, However Dosa, Uthampam, Sambar can be rated as average. Ordered Chicken Biryani with spice level 8 and its not spicy, I should have ordered 10. This being a North Indian restaurant, the biryani style is different than that of Hyderabad Biryani.  Lassi is the best thing they have. Its 10 min Drive from Strip and have ample parking.笑
Yum, Yum, and Yum!  The garlic naan is to die for!  I had the Chicken Tikka Masala and it was absolutely delicious.笑
The food isn't bad but you really do need the yelp or groupon deal just to make up for the $12 you'll spend on rice for 4 people. That's ridiculous...it's rice! The saag and bread options were good, but I wasn't impressed enough to want to return or pay that much for rice again.笑
Checked out India Palace with my boyfriend and was way less than thrilled. Arrived to a mostly empty restaurant (they had maybe 3-4 tables of people). It took a minute for anyone to greet us and then seat us. We were seated at a booth (which was showing quite a bit of wear & tear on the seats... the vinyl/leather was cracking) and given menus and then the host walked away. Our server came by and we ordered papadums and onion bhaji to start. 

The restaurant is located off the strip and was pretty easy to find. They didn't seem to put a whole lot of effort into decor, but they have a couple TVs set up. In the back of the seating area, they had a buffet area set up, but I'm guessing its only a lunch buffet because there was nothing out when we went for dinner. It did look pretty sizable though. 

They brought out our onion bhaji, which was alright but definitely not good or great. No papadums. We ordered 1 garlic naan and 1 cheese naan and our meals...I got chicken tikka masala and my boyfriend got tandoori chicken, asking again for papadums. So the server brought out 2 orders of garlic naan but no cheese naan. My tikka masala was not good and ended up making me sick. My boyfriend's tandoori chicken was over cooked & dried out. And still no papadums. I asked AGAIN for papadums and our server finally told us they don't have papadums, even though they have them on their menu. 

Between the awful service and the OK (which is generous of me), I'm not impressed with this place. I won't be back, that's for sure.笑
Excellent Indian meal and good service.  I would go back if I could stay longer in Vegas.笑
Ok..so were from San francisco, which arguably has the best cuisine in the u.s. So this may be a bit biased. 
The food is not that great...we went for the buffet and it was really bland. 

But there were a lot of Indian and bangladeshis in the place, which makes me think it must be the only game in town.笑
Came here with high expectations, but we were disappointed. They didn't have any of the south indian items on their menu (dosas). The biryanis were ok and were made out of a different type of rice (not basmati) so it wasn't what we expected. The curries were salty and were not big portions. Wouldn't recommend this place.笑
Great food, being that I'm indian and have had my fair share of Indian food over the years.  The staff is friendly enough, no real quips there.  They did take a while after dropping off the check to come back and pick it up, but nothing major.  Water was filled constantly which was good.  The one star taken off was for parking.  There are very few spots and its kinda weird trying to get out as you drive around back and through the trash area if you park on the side.  But nothing major.  Still worth checking out.笑
Awesome service from Gary, the food was so good, the place was very clean and the tables were good to the feel and were not sticky/oily. I had chicken tikka masala -great food and chicken bryani (fried rice) - this is by itself a delicious meal. We also had the garlic naan - superb appetizer. My wife and I had total of $46 but I had groupon with a promo value of $30. We paid about $16. This was a wonderful dinner for us.

I love to come back and go for the buffet.笑
Umm.. YUMM! The Tikki masala is perfect. We got the garlic naan and it was fluffy and delicious! We also got the chicken korma and they use dark meat chicken, which is so tender and delicious! Check in for the mango lassi. It's out of this world good!! Manny our waiter was awesome!! He was Super attentive and took time to give great recommendations. Oh, and he has a great bod, so a very nice view;) They have Indian music videos playing on 3 big screen TV's which is super fun and immerses you in the culture. I Highly recommend!!笑
I have been eating at India Palace for years and I have not been disappointed. After trying a few other Indian restaurants in town I have returned here every time. The staff is very friendly and knowledgeable and all of the items I have tried have been delicious. Their lunch buffet is very reasonably priced and a great way for people who aren't quite comfortable navigating the full menu.

The uncomfortable feeling you experience when pulling up to this location will quickly subside once you get inside. The building itself is much nicer than it was when I started going five years ago.

Bottom line, I have not been to or heard of a better Indian restaurant in Las Vegas笑
Honestly amazing!
Im not from NV and I usually have indian food in california but this place was comparable to my favorite place in Cali. It is authentic and the service was on point! The server helped us choose the most popular items and was so nice to us. We had shrimp biriani, butter chicken, and tandoori chicken and it was all perfect! The garlic naan was delicious as well, we had to order a second serving.
I highly recomed it here if u want some authentic delicious indian food.笑
We knew we'd made a good choice when we walked in and found that almost all the other patrons were Indian families.  Very good food, comparing favorably with good Indian restaurants near our home in northern California.  Would get 5 stars, but they're a shade pricey.笑
Great food. Great service. Our server Garry was extremely helpful with helping us with the menu selections. Everyone was friendly. Food was amazing!笑
Went for the lunch buffet and came away very pleased, with the exception of the crazy lady seated behind us rambling and talking about weird, crazy shit. The food was fresh, tasty and we enjoyed many of the different dishes we tried. It's been a long day and I can't remember exactly what we had by name but we'll definitely be going back... The tikka masala was great! :)笑
Brought my family here on Father's Day and it was the worst ever. As soon as we got there we were constantly rushed. The server was telling us we're gonna have to place our order right away because they're going to have a big party soon. So we were rushed and just ordered appetizers and before our appetizer even arrived he came back and said I hope you guys have your main dishes ready and we said no and he was like well you need to order now I don't want you blaming me if the food takes to long to come out .. !?!?!?! I was like wth you need to chill! Anyways besides the server they didn't have a bartender a lot of items we were trying to order such as samosas and kabobs he said they didn't have any at the moment. So after that the food arrives the lamb taste spoiled and the chicken tikka was not all that. The chicken was over cooked and the flavors didn't melt in your mouth like it should. So after all this disappointment we look at our bill and realize that one little bowl of chicken tikka with literally 4 cubes of chicken was $15.95?!?!?!?! Oh and the garlic was neither garlicky nor buttery but it sure was burnt.  This is ridiculous. Bad and overpriced food with bad service. Oh and to make it worse there was a bug on the ceiling right above our table. Will not ever be coming back again. There are far too many good Indian restaurants in Las Vegas to come back here. Very disappointed.笑
Stumbled upon this gem while doing laundry. If you want great service, food, and at a reasonable price I highly recommend. Absolutely loved their menu and portion sizes.笑
My friends and I always finish our trip to Vegas with some indian food and usually go to Mint. This time Mint was packed and had a long wait so we decided to venture to India palace. The quality of the tikka massla is superb!  Moist and tender, and very favorful! They didn't have garlic naan readily available but when we asked they made it happen! Service is great! We'll we be back and probably make this place a new tradition. The only bad thing I can say is they didn't have a variety of dessert and didn't have my favorite indian dessert Halva and Galb jamun.笑
Just ate at the India Palace and wow! Tandoori chicken was moist and delicious, chicken tikka masala was maybe the best I've ever tasted and the curry was perfect. Top it off with great naan bread and unbelievable service from Manny and the result is my first yelp review ever. I've had Indian food in various countries to include England and countries very close to India and this is in the top 2 ever.笑
Really bad experience. We ordered the karahi chicken and goat biryani. Both were horrible.笑
One of the best Indian restaurants I've been to. If you go to Vegas, you must try it. Besides the delicious food, the service was top notch. Garry and pavan served us and treated us very well, he made us laugh and was very patient with our complicated order. Overall 100% satisfaction from their customer service.笑
Food was delicious.  We loved the Vegetarian dinner, such great flavor and a beautiful presentation.  I also liked the fact that when I ordered a "mild" dish, it was mild.  Yummo!笑
I tried vegetarian food here with my family. Very delicious. Malai Kofta, house specialty is a must have with Garlic Naan. 
Average service.笑
Great food and great hospitality! Will definitely go back. I tried the buffet once and their a la carte menu another time and they were both very good.笑
The only thing worse than food here is the music. The naan is in the size of three pancakes stuffed together. Most of the food seemed frozen and then heated and served. Never coming back again.笑
Went in to this place because of the yelp deal. Really not a deal, since food is over priced. Okay indian food, not great! Decent enough to get rid of that curry craving. Have not tried buffet, but will report back on that soon笑
This place has the most awesome food and best service. Manni is the best server ever and made our visit most memorable !!笑
India palace closed for a few months to renovate....a few very sad months for some friends and I ...

It completely changed its decor---completely modern now--and the lighting SO much better.

Food is still excellent and I will come back every chance I get.笑
This place is small and somewhat hidden. Their food is pretty good. I'd tried almost all of them and they all taste good. I would come back to this place. They had mango custard and rice pudding dessert.笑
The location is a bit odd, but the inside is quite nice and the food is really pretty good. The korma was addictively delicious.笑
I had the worst service today at the resturant. The worst service I have ever countered came from Vick, very unprofessional and unfriendly individual. The food took a long time to get prepared and his behavior is immature.
Given all these facts I will never set foot in that resturant again. If you care about the service and great food then this is not the place for you. Respect is what you need to get customers.笑
Worst North Indian food ever ! Stale food , bad service . Don't ever take a buffet that is even worse . I would rather eat pizza than food over here. This is not even close to what Indian food should taste like . Pathetic ! What a waste of money . Not recommending anyone笑
We ordered a bunch of Biryanis and Utappams. And a vegetarian Dinner plate. Food taste was good enough for the biryanis and dinner. Not so good for the other south indian dishes.But the most surprising thing was an " Automatic Gratuity" !!
We as customers can be suggested amounts for tips, but not charged automatically from the amount !!
for a bill of 138.5$ were charged an "automatic grauity" of 25$. Thats 18%.笑
Went there for a buffet on Sunday. The lamb was horrible. It was like diced lamb and good luck in finding those pieces.

Talk about tandoori chicken and I know it was a buffet but still it was so dried out and yes I am talking about the dark meat pieces.

If you want great food go to mint India and not this place.笑
I've eaten here twice. The first time was for the lunch buffet and this was before they remodeled. The food was delicious.

So I went again during dinner. WHAT. A. MESS.

For a place nestled in a shadier neighborhood, I didn't think reservations would be necessary. When we came in, we were seated at a table that still had remnants and water glasses from the last diners. We kept trying to flag a server down, but no one would even look our way. 

I'm very patient, but not 20 minutes of no service patient. I usually give places/servers the benefit of the doubt, but it was absolutely ridiculous even after we flagged someone and they said someone would be right with us. I've never walked out of a restaurant due to bad service or even bad food, but one can only wait so long.

If my memory wasn't tarnished by that experience, I'd try the place again. Otherwise, this place needs to be aware of their diners. I won't be going back again.笑
I ordered food from them on-line and was shocked to find that the chicken tikka masala did NOT include rice and was $14.95!!!! Absolutely outrageous.笑
I met up with my indian friend here for the lunch buffet.

If you get the tendori chicken while it's fresh it can't be beat.  They have this deep fried veggie ball that when paired with the chutnay is magicial.  The naan is always fresh and amazing.

The only problem is it's a buffet and most everything had been sitting out for a while.  The rice was old, the chicken marsala was over salted, and the goat was still chewy with many splintered bones.  

Kheer is amazing.  But you needed to asj for gulab.  If they have it you won't be dissappointed.笑
This is a hidden gem!  It's in a bad neighborhood but the food is worth the trip.  It's possibly the best Indian food I've ever had. Our waiter Vick was super knowledgeable and entertaining.笑
Still the best Indian restaurant in Vegas. Great food, great service. I've been going here since the past 8 years - and the quality of the food has remained the same which is a lot to say for a small restaurant. Must try, especially for their lunch buffet!笑
One of the best Indian Restaurants in Las Vegas. Great service, Amazing food and comfortable environment. You must try the Chicken Tikka Masala and Lamb Rohan Josh, both great in flavor and spices. No Indian dish is good with out some garlic naan, which were the best I ever had. This is a must try restaurant in Las Vegas top notch, keep up the good work guys笑
Right down the street from the 'financial district' of Vegas you will find the hidden gem in one the ghetto hoods of LV. Inside this palace it is very clean and the $12 buffet is tasty. I loved it when I ate meat and appreciate it 10x's more now that I don't. The veggie dishes with naan bread is all I need for lunch. Keep that naan bread coming because its the best i've had. It always fresh and hardly ever doughy. Try the veggie fritters too. Dam, my mouth is starting to water just thinking about it.笑
The chicken tikka masala, and well, everything else here tastes amazing! However, I am severely allergic to cashews, and I told our server this. He said they could make the masala for me without cashews...but they forgot or something. So I had a pretty bad allergic reaction at the table that left me sick for two days. I haven't been back since because I'm scared, but if you like curry, and aren't allergic to cashews, you should definitely check this place out. The first two bites of that tikka masala were (almost) to die for!笑
The food was good.. I bought a $30 yelp deal, they used to let customers to use it for lunch buffet $13 per person, but I called them and the guy said no more, the deal is only for regular price items. I wish they can allow us to use it for lunch buffet again so I can group my friends/ former coworkers to eat and have some fun!笑
Went there for dinner at 6pm. Got crowded at about 8pm. Full house.  

Building was nice on the outside, but did not expect the dumpy location around it. Thinking Diamond in the rough? Not quite. 

Service was good until it got busy then it was Ok. I had to go up to the bar to cash the check cause I didn't see waiter for a while.  

Food was neutral.  Not really bad but not great. Garlic Naan was really the best thing.  I was expecting more flavors but it was ok. They got my order wrong (chicken instead of shrimp) & shrimp came out rubbery (they take tail off). Small shrimp. Chicken tica tamdoori was good but they brought that out like it was an appetizer?  It was my husband's main entrée. I'm not sure what happened with that,  but we weren't going to complain in front of friends. Plus the onions & such were not cooked all the way. I don't eat raw onions (they barely cooked them). 

Small portions for price.  

Don't know we would go back unless friends  absolutely wanted to go there.  Too bad because I thought we found the best Indian place in town :(笑
Same old same old . Nothing new. Ok looking place. Below par with hygiene compared to American dining places. Looks like a dingy bar. Food is ok nothing great for 4 star reviews.笑
Great food with authentic taste, and at very reasonable price.
Not very far from the strip..笑
India Palace is an excellent alternative to nearby buffets on the Strip... and (generally speaking) far less expensive!  For about $12, you get a solid variety of popular Indian dishes (Chicken Tikka, Tandoori, Veggie Korma, Dosas, Basmati, Naan, Salad, and Desserts... to name a few), which all taste pretty good.  I have had Indian food all over the world, so that's a definite compliment from me.

Although the place was pretty clean and had decent decor, the service leaves some room for improvement.  The location is also a bit seedy, but understandable as it is on the outskirts of the Strip.  I also gagged when I discovered something that resembled a cockroach leg in my Masala.  After inspection, I'd like to give India Palace the benefit of the doubt even though I've never seen such a thing in the countless Masala dishes I've had; but nevertheless, it totally ruined my appetite... but not enough to not give India Palace a second chance.  

The lack of service and room for improvement on the curries (I have had better- Saagar in Newport Beach is a comparable place and is much better) led me to give 4 out of 5 stars.笑
Really good lunch buffet! They had all my favorites, and were careful about keeping the vegetarian stuff and meat stuff separate. The ambiance here is very nice. The only reason I am giving four and not five stars is the location. It seemed very scary, even in the middle of the afternoon. I would not come here at night, especially not by myself. It's a shame such a nice place is in such a shady neighborhood. 

I've tried a few Indian places during various trips to Vegas, and I must say this was the best food for sure. The people working here are also very nice. Overall this was a good experience and I suggest trying this restaurant.笑
The service is pathetic. I ordered 2 dosa at noon. We had to wait for 20 minutes and then waiter comes and says the chief forgot the order.
If you have the whole time in the day then come here.笑
MMMM has a great buffet all you can eat buffet for lunch for a good price. It's Monday through Sunday. They have just remodeled so there's a bar added to it as well as a larger area to sit.笑
To get off the strip is a PLEASURE and this place is a beacon of light; some of the best Indian food I have personally ever eaten.  Everyone in our party of 4 had the same response.笑
Typical Indian restaurant Catering to the American Community and who does not respect their own people. My elderly dad just asked him if they serve halal and did not hear the reply.When asked again he answered rudely and was asked to leave the restaurant if we did not believe that they serve halal. The manager boasts about his 17 years experience but too bad he needs to work on his customer service. Food is good but very bad service. Never going there again.笑
Nice decor and very clean. The servers need to take some training on etiquette, but they didn't mean bad. The chicken tikka masala was tasty for sure but a small portion for the money. Goat biryami was bad . Gulab jun was yummy.笑
For my Indian, I generally stick to lunch buffets, but this week a craving hit around dinner time, and when I noticed the Yelp Deal, I decided it was a perfect excuse to visit India Palace again. The environment is still nice with the added enhancement of MTV India playing on the TV screens, and when the complimentary chutney and papadum hit the table, my stomach did a little dance of joy. I thought things were going to be great. Unfortunately, the rest of the meal was moderate. The highlight was the friendly server assistant named Adam. 

I started with the Dal soup, and that really soured the meal. When it arrived at the table, it looked like water complete with little frothy bubbles on the edge. I gave it a stir, and the dal was there, but when I took a slurp, it also tasted like water. I rarely send anything back, but after my husband tasted it, he insisted. Oddly, the server came out to tell me it was supposed to be watery and perhaps I meant to order Dal instead, not the soup. To make a long story short: they brought out another bowl of soup, this time with less water, but with what tasted like a heavy helping of salt. I planned on just having it sit on the table, but the server assistant insisted on taking it off the bill. In short, this experience leads me to believe that when you order Dal soup, they take a serving of Dal and add water as that is how it tastes and appears. 

For our entrees, we ordered the korma and chicken karahi and both were good. I thought the flavor of the korma was better, but I was not impressed with the variety or freshness of the featured vegetables. However, the chicken in the karahi was white meat and tender. We ate everything with roti, and while the first order came out lukewarm, our second order was piping hot and great. I recommend pacing your bread order to ensure the hottest, freshest serving!

I also think it's worth mentioning that whenever our server interacted with us he gave me the distinct impression that he thought we knew next to nothing about Indian food, and perhaps we don't, but his demeanor made me uncomfortable for most of the meal. Adam saved the night for sure.

The end.笑
Great place. Very good spicy Indian food. We used the groupon so we had to go with ala-cart. Bombay fish is good. Very good service. Prompt and quick. We ordered keema lamb minced naan. Very unique but well done. the buffet also looked very good. Highly recommended.笑
Excellent Indian food in Vegas. A much more upscale place than most of the other Indian restaurants (many are mall spots). 

Naan, korma and saag were all excellent and a little on the spicy side. I would definitely recommend this place if you are looking for Indian food in Vegas and don't mind spending a few dollars more for better ambiance.笑
Wonderful food! Kashmiri naan, Chicken Korma, Chicken Masala are my favorites. The service is always fast. Not enthusiastically friendly but far from rude.  They put much effort into a nice decor. You will not be disapppointed.笑
I'll start with the service. These guys are great! Easy to talk to  they explain any questions you ask thoroughly and they are fast. The chicken tikka masala is the best I've had but please try the keema naan if you like lamb and the kashmiri naan- probably misspelled. They have music videos in the background and its not too loud but adds too the environment. Really fun really tasty and affordable!笑
Typical Indian restaurant. Greasy and oily food. Taste was okay. Experience was okay at best. 
- We used the yelp 15% off coupon here - the owner firstly frowned after looking at the deal (promotion that they had been running). He honored the deal but made us feel as if he was doing us a favor. 
- They were catering a private party in the restaurant and still kept it open for general public. The party family kids created havoc, noise and jumped on our tables. Horrible service, they never even cared to apologize for the inconvenience. At least they didnt serve us from the buffet as the party (which I have seen many cheap Indian restaurants do)
- There are many other good restaurants in Vegas that have great reviews on Yelp. Skip this one if you can.笑
We made the $10 cab ride from LINQ to this place last night, and it was definitely worth it. We are connoisseurs of Indian food, and India Palace is fantastic. We ordered Chicken Tikka Masala, naan, and dal soup. Rich flavors and great service. (We could do without the Indian MTV on the televisions, though.)笑
I wasn't super impressed with the India Palace buffet. They had a few interesting selections that I don't usually see at Indian buffets (like malai kofta- yum!), and also a few things that just looked downright unappetizing (the haleem looked really, really unappetizing- and my husband confirmed my suspicions when he, braver than I, gave it a try- it was gross). The chutneys were weird and it was hard to track down a server when we needed a drink refill or something. The malai kofta was tasty, though, as well as a chicken dish I sampled and I liked the inclusion of samosas on the buffet... but the gulab jamun tasted like soap and chemicals and overall I just got a weird vibe. We won't be back.笑
Delicious! This was my first time having we ate Indian food and it was great. My wife and I had the
Chicken Tikka Masala and Chicken Curry. We also had Onion Bhaji for an appetizer Garlic Naan bread with diner. Everything was excellent. good service and nice atmosphere. We will be back for more real soon.笑
It took 1 hour to get the order. You have to have some connections with server to get it quick. Server told us that he doesn't have Madara papad however he gave it to group of ppl came after us.笑
Having just moved to Vegas and missing my favourite Indian restaurant back home, we gave India Palace a try, using  a restaurants.com  coupon.
We started with appetizer plate - 5 appetizers of your choice.  I had a lichi martini and my hubby ordered the beer recommended by our waiter.  Everything was awesome! 
We then ordered Lamb Rogan Josh and Goat Curry, basmati rice and garlic naan.
It was all sooooo good!  Very fresh, very flavourful.  Nice, clean restaurant, with lovely atmosphere and wonderful wait staff.  Waiter then directed us to YELP for the coupon here.
Can't wait for my next craving!笑
Main dishes were good and plentiful...chicken makhani was exquisite,  chilli chicken was very well prepared. ..appetizers were ok, mixed grill was expensive for relatively small portion..good experience overall..笑
This is BY FAR the BEST Indian food I've ever had! 

During my stay in Vegas, I Yelped for an Indian Restaurant and found this gem of a palace! Purchased their $20 for $12 Yelp Deal and crossed my fingers.

The restaurant was located not too far from the strip but a little too far to walk. My companions and I paid about $15 each way for a taxi but it was well worth it!

We ordered the Bombay Fish and Vegetable Samosas for appetizers; both were delicious! The samosas are a little on the spicier side for those more sensitive to heat. 

For our entrées, we ordered the Vegetarian dinner, Chicken Tika Masala and Garlic Naan. Everything was exceptionally delicious! We had more than enough to feed 3 people and had remaining leftovers to take with us! 

For lovers of Indian cuisine staying in Vegas, I highly recommend Indian Palace!笑
3.5 stars overall. I go to a lot of Indian restaurants, mostly in LA. This is my first in Vegas. Food was okay.

FOOD:
Mixed Veggie Pakora (4 stars): Not too oily so you don't feel too guilty. 

Naan (4 stars): Fluffy and yummy. This was actually really good here!

Chicken Tikka (4 stars): Juicy and moist chicken, really good. I'd recommend this. 

Mixed vegetables (1 star): Burnt vegetables. No flavor! I can't even believe they would serve this. The veggies were half black from being burnt. 

Requested a scrambled egg curry (3.5 stars): Was more of just dry scrambled eggs, didn't have a curry sauce. We asked for a curry sauce on the side and it made it taste better. 

SERVICE (4 stars):
The guy helping us was really nice. Listened to what we wanted and kept saying he understood our special requests but when the curry and sauces we requested came out they weren't what we wanted. So, I think he just thought he knew what we wanted. He did try though which was nice. 

ATMOSPHERE (4 stars):
Nice place on the inside. Clean and spacious. They have long tables in the middle for big groups, and booths on the side.笑
Food and service were both great. However, the reason I'm giving this place a 5 star review is for the absolute professionalism they exhibited. I had a living social voucher to the place and because of some glitch in the app, the voucher number wouldn't show. I was ready to pay the actual amount but the owner of the restaurant said he would honor the Living Social. What?! I'm sure most other places would've been happy to keep the full amount!笑
We tried this restaurant thanks to Groupon. We love Indian Food, and were excited to try a new place (to us). I, especially, have been disappointed in the past by other local Indian places. This was wonderful, so glad we did it!

We weren't thrilled about the neighborhood as we drove in, but we've been pleasantly surprised by other great restaurants nearby. The exterior of the building is a nice modern look, and the smell coming over us in the parking lot - just amazing. The interior is beautiful, and the TV's playing Bollywood were kitschy, but fun.

Our waiter was fabulous. Attentive, helpful, and great suggestions, but never overbearing. We ordered the appetizer sampler. Tasty samosas, great fried cheese, and the Bombay fish just blew us out of the water. Light breading, great seasoning on the fish, and just overall fantastic.

For entrees we got the Dal Lamb and the Lamb Rogan Josh. Both were phenomenal. The Dal Lamb is reminiscent of a chili dish with the lentils and kind of dark spices. The Rogan Josh was perfectly creamy and spiced. We ordered both mild, not knowing what kind of scale of heat the kitchen was on. These were REALLY mild. We definitely should have gone at least medium. Next time for sure! For sides we had the garlic naan and the peas pulao rice. The rice has so much in it, and was just wonderful, and the garlic naan was perfectly toasted. Both were great compliments to the entrees, and were suggested by the waiter. He had great taste!

We didn't have a dessert - we were so stuffed! We will be back again!笑
I am from Atlanta which is filled with Indian restaurants, but I never go and eat there as they suck.
I visit Vegas very often. And I try to eat at this place at least once when I am there.
Everything they make is just too good...I love their samosas/ kabobs/naans..rather everything. They make everything just the way you want it to be.
Yummy!!!!!笑
One of the best Indian places here in town. Love the Chicken Tikka Masala and Navratan Korma...and the garlic naan. Top it off with a mango lassi and is the perfect Indian meal. Lunch buffet is pretty awesome too!笑
Amazing Indian food, very inpressed, and I'm from New York, the home of "supposedly" authentic Indian cuisine. Delicious garlic naan, and all the other dishes we tried. No complaints, thanks!笑
Wife and I tried the lunch buffet at India Palace and found it to be OK, but unremarkable and a little under-spiced.

The restaurant is rather pleasant compared to some of the strip mall establishments that Vegas Indian places can be, but I just didn't have my socks blown off enough for a repeat visit or to want to sample the dinner menu.笑
Best place ever!!! Super friendly staff! 

Group of six,we were all treated like kings from the second we walked in. Food was amazing and the staff were SUPER friendly.

Highly recommending this restaurant.笑
I went to this place yesterday after reading so much positive reviews.  It seems a large of guests finished and just left before I went.  The staff seems to have indifferent attitude towards new customers walking in.  They were only a handful of staff who were involved in clearing the tables and not attending the guests.  Refilling food takes long time and need to end up waiting.  Staff seems to be not worried about updating guests and just said that refilling would take time.  Wish never had gone to this place.笑
I ate at the Indian Palace a year ago, had the chicken curry and it was incredible. Just ate there again, had the same thing and it was not good. I don't know what happened, how it could go from incredible to below average. This time the chicken curry was almost tasteless. I asked to have only breast meat as I did a year ago and what I got this time was not all breast meat. I went in looking forward to the awesome dinner and service like I got a year ago and was extremely disappointed. I will not go back again.笑
I have been to Las Vegas so many times but had never come across this place until this past April.  I am very happy I did.  The restaurant is clean. We made it for a weekend buffet. There were many vegetarian options. Just the only complaint I would have is that the pakoras were not so fresh and the dosa was cold.  But that would not stop me from returning. 

I found the wait staff to be quite attentive and friendly.  I would definitely return on my next trip.笑
I was bought here a while ago with a friend. I've never eaten Indian food. I'm hooked. This buffet style lets you check out other flavored and spices. I'd come here before 3:00 pm. The buffet starts going down hill. I've never ordered off the menu. Why? When you have so many great flavored at the buffet. I like this place. It's clean cheap and good. So many flavor hit you palette it's not even funny. I'd recommend this place to at least try it out. Olmoosedog out.笑
Good food, do not get Rasmalai ,笑
We really enjoy the food here. The service is friendly and efficient They would have five stars if the neighborhood wasn't so seedy that you were concerned about being there!
We have done both the dinner menu and lunch buffet. Flavors are always spot on and freshly made.笑
Except Idly and Veg Rolls, nothing else is good here. Guess what, the buffet charge is $35 for a couple and it is not even $10 worth. So, definitely would not recommend this place to anyone.笑
Out of all the Indian restaurants I've tried in Vegas, this is the best so far. And I'm pretty picky seeing as I grew up in an Indian household with awesome homecooked Indian food almost everyday. The buffet lunches are your best bet...because you can try everything for hella cheap! My favorite is the chicken tikki masala, saag paneer, and of course, their naan. If you're into yogurt drinks, try the Sweet Lassi. Yummilicious笑
So, Diamond Palace in Diamond Bar, CA had the best chicken tikka masala as of yet.  Well, I have finally discovered (so far) the winner of that title.  It now belongs to India Palace in Las Vegas, NV!  It is located a mile east of the Strip.  The neighborhood seems run-down but the restaurant is beautfully decorated and modern-looking.  
The flavours of the chicken tikka masala were perfect.  I ordered mine spicy and it had just the right amount of kick.  It was unanimous within our group of Indian Food-Lovers that this was the best place we've had yet.  The waiter recommended the rice dish Pea Pulao, which contained white basmati rice, peas, yellow raisins, and either peanuts or cashews (can't remember.)  He said it was more special and flavorful than the regular rice.  It was good also, but I prefer the plain rice.  The naan was perfect as well (but who could mess that up?)  I am sad that it is so far away because I can't eat it often, but luckily I visit Las Vegas a few times a year and it will make it that much more special to anticipate eating it.  I will never hit the casino buffets anymore and opt to go to India Palace's buffet instead! Now that's money well-spent!!笑
Awesome food... Great ambience. 5 star.  Manny was just great with awesome service !!笑
Very good surprise. Not that easy to find a good Indian restaurant in Vegas but this one is really good. Savory, very good. We liked it and recommend笑
**Summary**
       - Flavor - Probably one of my favorite India restaurants in town. The lamb is tender and not overcooked like other places.
       - Price/Portions - The prices are on par with other Indian restaurants but the portions are definitely a lot smaller.
       - Locale - The restaurant is located in a pretty bad neighborhood and the parking lot is dimly lit.
       - Decor - Though it might not look it from the outside, the inside is quite nice.
       - Lunch Buffet - They have a lunch buffet for $11.95 which I think is a way better deal. Moreover, I wouldn't want to be in that neighborhood at night anyway.
**Ordered**
       - $14.95 Chicken Tikka Masala - Creamy and delicious, this curry is a must try.
       - $15.95 Lamb Rogan Josh - The lamb was tender. The curry was a tomato base and wasn't as thick as other curries.
       - $2.95 Garlic Naan - Your standard garlic naan, fluffy and soft.
       - $3.95 Cheese Naan - They added cheese to regular naan. It kinda tasted like a cheese pizza, but better.
**Recommendations**
       - I'd definitely recommend this place. However, if you don't mind which meal, I'd say go to the lunch buffet for a wider selection and a way better deal.笑
Had dinner at this nice restaurant again last night. Every time I visit Vegas I make a point to eat here. Best food, Best Drinks, Best Service. Food quality is always the same and very tasty, servers are very courteous and prices are very reasonable for Vegas.笑
Great food and service. Nothing disappointed. Chicken soup came with the Mixed Curry Dinner. Meh, I thought. It was a surprise, being in a masala curry base. I ate the whole bowl it was so good. I would go for that alone. I ordered Ghoa Fish Curry which the waiter tried to steer me from to the house's most popular fish dish, being a first time customer. I really wanted Ghoa though and was a little worried, but it was excellent. I will definitely be returning.笑
Just amazing. Best in town. I've been going there since they opened in 1999  and every time I am in town and they have stayed superb....lamb korma to die for with lots of flavor and the right amount of spices. Naan bread...perfection.....lassi, kulfi, samosas all just wow. Don't go anywhere else? And for what it's worth I'm a traveler and an amazing cook myself so I know my stuff. Trust me. Don't go elsewhere. This place is incredible.笑
Definitely recommend the onion kulcha and karahi chicken. Tarka daal and aaloo gobhi was awesome in vegetarian options.笑
Loved this place ... We went to this place on a Saturday night before a show and can't enough good things about this place.

Pros:  awesome service - very funny and down to earth, fantastic food, clean restrooms, fast service, and again ... The food was terrific.  Loved the big screen tv and the Indian music videos - nice touch.

Cons:  lady welcoming us at the front door could have smiled once or twice, but no big deal.

Would definitely rinse and repeat !笑
A friend suggested this joint and I was not really sure what to expect. I was pleasantly surprised, this is the best Indian food I've had in Las Vegas! We enjoyed the garlic naan, chicken tikka masala, and aloo gobi and it was all amazing! I can't wait to go back and do it all over again.笑
Excellent food. Great servive. Full flavor without over seasoning. They have a good Groupon deal. Price is a bit deep, but it is worth it.笑
I love Indian food and begged my friends to go try this place out with me! The location looks small, but it's actually really roomy when you get inside. The parking lot was really tiny though, but it wasn't crazy crowded so it wasn't too much of an issue. 

With the food, I was really delightfully surprised by this $12 dollar Indian buffet. It was excellent. Some of the food was not as warm as I thought it would be, which was sort of a turn off for me. It probably would have tasted better if it were warmer! I did enjoy the Saag Paneer as well as any dishes that had chicken in it :) 

Our experience with service was good! Our waiter was very friendly and attentive, although he was a bit slow with the check and water. 

Honestly, I would go again. I'm going to get food made-to-order, so it's hot, but I am definitely willing to come back!!! Don't pass this place over and don't forget to use that check-in deal!笑
I love Indian food, but my husband had never had it. We chose India Palace because they had a Groupon. This place was awesome. We loved every bite. 

The appetizer combo was a great place to start. Lots of things to try and wonderful flavor. My husband had the Dal soup and it was great. He then ordered the Tandoori mixed grill which was equally delicious. 

I had garlic Nan bread which was to die for with my Chicken Tikka Marsala. Amazing!  I'm kind of a spice wimp, but it was the perfect amount of flavor. Make sure to order the rice with it. YUM!

We ate there for dinner, and the owner helped wait on us. Very friendly and helpful and he told us they have a daily lunch buffet from 11am to 3pm for 11.95. 

Overall, we enjoyed everything about India Palace.笑
Awesome! First the smells were amazing when I walked into the doors. Then the food was just as delicious as the smells!!笑
Greeted by expressionless waiter who banged our glasses and plates down on our table. He poured water without even looking and didn't respond to our thank you's. The next waiter couldn't decide whether to be nice to us or not. He smiled the first time and made snide remarks the next. The third guy was visibly relieved when we didn't order dessert. All this when we arrived well before time and someone else had just started ordering when we were leaving. The food was so-so. We ordered Dosa and frankly, there's a lot of room for improvement. Would not recommend going there. There are other better indian restaurants to go to.笑
Personable and lovely staff.  Food is amazing!  I wish I could give it a thousand stars.... found my new favorite restaurant.笑
India palace is a very good indian restaurant. Very good indian food not like others which really dont taste indian. And whenever u go there as for MANNY, he was very nice and funny made us feel very comfortable...笑
Never got a chance to taste the food..we order for home delivery..and nothing happened on it for an hour..after calling their shoddy phone gor like 10 min someone picked and told us that it is out for delivery..we were staying at flamingo and no food was here for another 30 min called again and someone came to deliver after 2 hrs..the delivery guy called us and asked us to come at flamingo enterance and when we said we cannon abd wantvthe food delivered ar our room..he was giving excuses..we have to pay $10 for drlivery and why should we walk down pick the food and come back eat it in our room then again come down..

Wasted our 2 hrs ..dont take orders if cant deliver..笑
We thought we'd try this place so I purchased a Groupon, $16 for $30 worth of food. Thank God for Groupon...
Everything is an added extra charge.
When you order your main dish... Between $14.95 and $25.95 average...
it doesn't include the rice, an extra $12.95, bread was an extra $2.95 and even extra sauce was $2.95. By the time they charged us for every single thing the bill came to over $56.00 for dinner.
I would have given them (NO) Star, but I will say the food was very good. 
I didn't mention that ten minutes into our meal an (unknown) live bug came crawling across our table and then began to circle around our plates and dishware... 
Wow, I seriously lost my appetite at that point. The waiters all rushed over to see what the commotion was about and offered to move us to another table. Not one of them even offered us a discount or anything... 
The only thing that was said by one of the waiter's was... "We haven't seen one of those type of bugs here since our bug problem back in October,  I guess we need to spray again". I could not believe it, normally a Manager would have come over and a least apologized and offered to comp our meal or offer a discount or even dessert. NOT a common practice here at India Palace, where the Bug's are KING!
I will definitely NOT be back to experience your over priced food 
(Ala Carte') ways of doing business.
Nobody wants to eat in a bug infested environment... Period!笑
We went there on a weekday night by 10 PM. As the place closes by 10.30 PM, they refused to let us dine in but said that we can order take away. We ordered 2 plain naans, 2 garlic naans and chicken tikka masala. We waited for 30 mins but we were not given any update on our order. Only when we started to pester them about our order they hurried into the kitchen to get it ready. The taste of the food was good. The parking lot was a bit cramped. IT would have been full if we had come by 9 PM. 

Service was the main negative of this place. They were not hospitable to us. Too business oriented and in your face attitude.笑
Very friendly staff and attentive service. The food is good but not excellent. It does hit the spot if your craving Indian. Lots of no meat options, too. The place is in an ugly part of town but the restaurant is super cute inside.笑
I have been going to India Palace for the last 12 years. The team at India Palace even catered our wedding. The food is outstanding and I have eaten at a lot of places in town. The Chicken Tikka Masala is the house dish that is the best. They have put a lot of money into the restaurant and it is way better than what it was a few years ago. If you have not had Indian food before then go during lunch and try and buffet. You can get a little bit of everything.笑
Amazing service (by Manny and a really cool and cheerful grandma who helps serve food)! Awesome food - BEST MALAI KOFTA EVERR!!!!笑
I definitely recommend this place! 

Our server, Manny, was extremely attentive and kind. 

For dinner, I had the lamb tikka masala which I will definitely be craving from now on!! The peas pulao were also delicious, and I think the naan was the best I've ever had. My friends' said they really enjoyed their dishes too. For dessert, we got the Gulab Jamun, and my friend said it was just liker her mother makes it, which is hard to find. I had never had it before, but I enjoye it -- kind of like a light doughnut hole floating in a honey sauce that wasn't overly sweet. I am a big fan of India Palace and will definitely be back.笑
I went to India Palace a few days ago with a friend for the lunch buffet.  It was delicious!  I am vegetarian so I appreciated that the buffet had several vegetarian options.  My friend had the tandoori chicken and she said it was very good.  I can't comment too much on the service, because the buffet does not require much from the server.  In the past I have had very good service at dinner time.笑
Best Indian food I have ever had in America.  We ordered the goat & lamb dishes, garlic naan & this phenomenal rice dish. The waiter was very nice & helped us place our order. We wanted to try something new yet more traditional. The setting was quiet & comfortable.  Don't let the neighborhood scare you, this is a must have. This will be a place we will always come back to when we visit Vegas.笑
This place rocks! I have eaten at Indian places all over the western US and I've never had better Indian food than this place. Garry, our waiter, was incredibly nice and gave us fantastic service. Every single dish we have tried is better than any other place here in Vegas. So far we have tried the chicken korma, chicken vindaloo, malai kofta, and the chicken tikka masala and they are all to die for. The meat is cooked perfectly and the sauces are so good you will lap it up from your plate. Give these guys a try, you won't regret it.笑
Best indian restaurant hands down!!! Ask for Gary for 5 star service! Vegan friendly 
Great selection of Indian beers. Haywards 5000 and Flying horse my top picks.笑
We have been twice to this place!! By far one of the best Indian Restaurants I have eaten at. We come to vegas every year for a convention and the last two years we have made a point to eat here... It is always a highlight of our trip!! Ask for Vick when you visit, he is the best.笑
Very good Indian food , service is good, i will definitely have food here again.
One of the good indian restaurant in las Vegas.笑
Very good Hotel.. Food tasted really nice.. They have a $50 gift card for $40 that you may possibly use immediately if you bought this before seating. Also, they may give you 15% of if you are group of 5 or more..笑
We were in Vegas for my wife birthday last week and we decided to come to India Palace, and we did not make a wrong choice. Our waiter "Gary" was great, and the best part was the fresh delicious food without delay.

Definitely recommended!!!笑
Love this place! Amazing food, fantastic atmosphere! Our whole family loves it, especially the mango custard :)笑
India Palace just doesn't stack up to the other lunch buffets in town.

The decor is nice. (Misti mentioned MTV India on the TV, which is really cool!) The buffet selection can be more interesting than our perennial favorite, Mint. And having samosa on the buffet is always nice. But the service was sketchy and the flavors felt diluted compared to Mint or Mt. Everest.

I would really love to find a truly great Indian lunch buffet in town but this just isn't it.笑
Pathetic food. Not hot at all. Worst service I have ever experienced. Tasteless food and quality. We are a group of 4 North Indians who decided to come for lunch buffet only to realize the staff cared least about what a restaurant is meant for: The Food笑
Really good food.  Had the obligatory chicken tikka masala and the paneer tikka masala, veg samosas, plain naan, papadums.  All very good!!  Ordered two desserts (kheer and the little honey donut balls) and they were five bucks each for two tiny donuts and a very small kheer.  That was sort of ridiculous for a $10 delivery fee and a 20% tip added at the time of ordering.  So I highly recommend the food - but the desserts are extremely overpriced.  I would most definitely order the entrees again though.笑
Good Indian food nice interior and good service by Anthony I'll visit here again and I strongly  recommend this to everyone笑
Hidden gem not in the best part of town but it is worth the trip.  The buffet has over 12 different dishes to pick and choose from...all delicious.  Salads and sauces. Fresh bread served at your table, your choice of plain or garlic.  Two very good desserts...rice pudding or creamy mango custard.  Will definitely be back.  This resturant was referred to my Virginia friend, Yaseem by her brother who lives locally.  Thanks笑
Ive been here 2 times. Not located in the best neighborhood but it doesnt bother me because when we walk in, its very clean and friendly.  As we walked in, we saw a wall full of pictures and saw the owner photographed with some celebrities that have also been there. One that caught my eye was the celeb that played the host in Slumdog millionaire. As they escorted us to our table, we get greeted by waiters that remembered us from last time. There has been a lot of customers both times we have been there but still got amazing service. 

Plus, My mother in law who is from England is very picky when it comes to food. Before she left to England we took her to eat here. 

She loves Indian food and brags about the indian food restaurants in England. But when my husband and I brought her here, she ate so much she couldnt stop saying how delicious it all was. 
The service has been super both times. 
We will be back.笑
Food was awesome, but this place is kind of expensive ($13 for a Vegetarian dish). We ended up paying $55+ for three Vegetarian dishes, garlic naan and a side of rice, plus a Mojito and a mango lassie (I will say that their mango lassie is a killer! Loved it.) But, in order not to pay so much, take advantage of Yelp's deal! ($15 for $30!). We've used it and the price came out reasonable.笑
I found this gem of a place through an online restaurant service and made a reservation. As soon as we entered the door, we were greeted by very friendly people and were seated immediately. Service was fantastic! The waiter Manny was very friendly, attentive and helpful. He The Paneer Tikka and the Aloo Tikka was fantastic. My favorite was the Malai Kofta. The food was wonderful and the service was phenomenal. Coming from out of town and staying on the strip, I was pleased to have found a such a nice cozy place outside of the tourist area that made me feel comfortable. As a matter of fact, there was an Indian restaurant right at the hotel I was staying at, but I'd rather go to India palace instead. Actually, I did... Twice! Two thumbs up for service and food! Oh, and I will definitely be going back again on my next trip to Vegas.笑
My food companion and I came here many times for dinner. She is memorable and they are kind to her. They are on top of everything. The food is good, mostly because it's Indian, but not superlative. I love the bollywood music videos and overhearing conversations in the next booth. We have heard many annoying ethnocentric, pseudo-open-minded weirdos here. The staff give me a twilight zone vibe, which is not to say they are bad. They just smile and look upon us for a long time and I don't know how to react to to the small talk. Anyway, this place is good and worthy of a visit. The parking lot is small and you have to drive around the back to exit. One time a car blocked the way and it was a nightmare.笑
Always a favorite when it comes to Lunch Buffet! This time we were served by Manny and Roy. They were very attentive, polite and professional while serving the family. Thanks for keeping up your standards. The bathroom was spotless! The only thing I need to bring up is the high chair. It needs new buckle. Please send this suggestion to the management. I appreciate it.笑
I am an indian, so I can tell you exactly how the food is.
So at first, the service was friendly and good.
The food was not good, the taste was not authentic. I ordered f.e. Paneer Tikka and the Paneer Tikka Masala. The Tikka was tasting like Chinese food and the other was to sweet. 
Everything else was also not authentic and not good tastin

I give two stars because it was clean and a good service. My opinion is not to recommend that restaurant.笑
This place is consitient and always a good meal.  For me its a "standby".  If we can't think of anyplace else o go, this is a place we know we can't go wrong.笑
My husband and I have been going here for years.  The past two trips have been unsatisfactory, and unfortunately,  we will not be returning.  The last visit our Korma was separated,  and a greasy mess,  and they still served it to us.  I had to ask them to return it to the kitchen and make a new batch.  This time we ordered take out,  and the Naan was soggy and doughy.笑
Very good food. The best indian restaurant in the area. The food was Authentic, and even though the restaurant was very busy, our food came very quickly.笑
Service was terrible never got to the food part. Only the papadums and that too made my kid get good poisoning. We waited for 2 hours for our food and when we got up to ask the manager started arguing with us instead of apologizing for his incompetence for running the place. Worst of all we came to know about this place through family friends. They discriminate against Indians even though it's an indian restaurant. Would never go back. And do not suggest any one visiting Vegas to there either plenty of other options笑
Very nice place enjoy the food Joy the company staff was amazing I'm very happy with the food quality awesome job笑
I was in the mood for Indian while visiting Las Vegas and I liked that they offer a free mango lasi for checking in on Yelp.

The first time I visit an Indian restaurant I stick with certain dishes. I ordered the malai kofta, chicken tikka masala, samosas, and garlic naan bread. The naan bread was the best part of the meal. It was well made and came out piping out. The samosas were so oily that I barely touched then. The malai kofta had a nice flavor, but I did not enjoy the chicken tikka masala at all. It tasted a little like feet. 

My meal wasn't terrible but I didn't like that they charged for both the rice and the naan bread. One is usually complimentary when you order an entree. I probably would not return because there are plenty of Indian restaurants to try in Las Vegas.笑
There were 12 of us that ate at this crowded and cramped place, with stinky overflowing restrooms in Las Vegas. 
The food was delicious. Some dishes could be less greased with butter, but overall the food was good in comparison to mid-range Indian restaurants in the US - although it was priced higher than most in its range. 
The wait was long as there are few tables to seat. Restrooms were absolutely a disaster with things overflowing with no attention from the owners. A common problem with most Indian restaurants like this one. If the food is good, the price is high - but no funds are diverted to keeping the restaurant clean for a clean experience. Where does all the cash go - not to the poor low-cost undocumented workers ????笑
This place is a BOMB!!!! Their food is 1000000 times better than those hotel buffet costing $$$. It has a great collection of legitimate Indian foods ranging from South to North India. And we got a deal on living social ($30 for $15) plus free mango lassi on Yelp. What a dope deal!!!! If you want to save money on food and party more, this is a place to go!笑
The management at this place has no regard for it's patrons whatsoever. We came in for a Lunch buffet and the food selection was sub par to say the least. We were a group of 4 and we were treated with such disrespect that it is appalling. We tried using a yelp deal and not only were they unwilling to accept it they were very rude about telling us that it they cannot take it. The rest rooms at this place were the worst of all the restaurants in Vegas. I'd give no stars if I could.Avoid this place like a plague. There are much better Indian restaurants around笑
The way I found the India Palace was to ask the locals where they go. Over and over the recommendation was the India Palace. This place is consistently good. Never fails to please and I've been going here for  years. Make a point of at least one meal here on every Vegas visit. Can't go wrong here. Great service, great food, great price.笑
Food ok, but Mint is so close, I'm not sure why I'd ever bother again.

Wait...why DID I come here?  That's right, the yelp "deal."  They seemed extremely put out to have to handle with my take out order and their annoyance only increased when I mentioned my "deal."  I apologize that you had to take my money, India Palace...I promise it'll never happen again!笑
We ordered numerous dishes and ate family style. Once again, the food was amazing! We discovered Hayward's 5000 beer, which was a little sweet, and perfect with the spicy currie. Our waiter, Vick, was very personable and helpful with the menu! Will be back soon:)笑
Came here with a party of 4 for the evening and I would have to say that my lunch experience in the past was much more enjoyable.  The evening dinner was good but not worth the price that we pooled together in the end.  The place was clean, staff was friendly, and food okay.  

But seriously, it's like night and day when you compared lunch buffet and dinner (literally).  But for the evening we ordered Tandoori Chicken, Chicken Skeeh Kaboob, Pudina Masala, and Goat Curry.  I tasted them all and my favorite dish was the Masala, it had a nice sauce that really gave it flavor.笑
We ordered garlic naan, malai kofta and biryaani. Biryani was tasteless. Also the naan came out cold and stale like. Even complaining to the staff was not helpful. Bad experience overall. Not going again笑
Went here today for the first time and left happy.  I'm a relative newcomer to Sin City and am always satisfied when I try a new eatery with great results.  I had the lunch buffet and everything was fresh, tasty, and colourful without any nasty aftertaste (something I've experienced at other ethnic places).  My favourite dishes included the goat tikka masala and the saag paneer....the chutney was pretty good too, especially on top of the naan.  :) For about $12+tax, one can eat his or her fill of nicely spiced Indian food that is heavy on flavour and light on the grease.  Both vegetarians and carnivores have plenty of options with which to fill their bellies!  I plan on coming back again soon to try the dinner menu....笑
Our favorite Indian food in Las Vegas - near the Strip and UNLV campus. Sure, it's kind of in a sketch area, but the building is nice - and once inside, the decor and food are just great. They play bollywood movies or clips on the tvs and it's fun to watch while waiting for our food. 

Tonight our party of 4 was really hungry so we ordered our staples: vegetable samosas (2 for $4.50), garlic naan, basmati rice, matar paneer ($12.95); and 3 dishes we haven't had before: House Special Lamb Rogan Josh ($15.95), full Tandoori Chicken ($20), and Chicken Vindaloo ($14.95). 

We're wimps so everything was "mild" spicy but still very flavorful and delicious, with plenty of leftovers to take home. I like to try different things on the menu each time we're here, but would definitely order the Lamb dish again - fantastic flavor and tender!! I only wish I had room for dessert when I eat here!

 I always come here with a coupon to make the meal an even better deal (ended up being $21/person including tax) and the waiter always have to be reminded to take the discount. But I've always had good attentive service and great food here and that's why we keep coming back!笑
The place looks shady from the outside but it's awesome on the inside. Our server was Vick and he is good at his work. The food was great and was as spicy as it could be.笑
Delicious chicken korma and lamb biryani. I got a great groupon dinner deal for 4. India Palace has authentic delicious cuisine! I would definitely return.笑
The food is very tasty, be it vegetarian or nonveg.
It is a good mix of South n North Indian food...more so North Indian. They have a buffet system.
$15.95 per person veg and non veg both same price.笑
My favorite place in Las Vegas for Indian food. Love it, the food and the people... amazing!!!笑
This place has authentic Indian food. I had ordered (take-out) Garlic Naan, Alu Kurma, Paneer Tikka, and Dal. All dishes were excellent. I had asked for "spicy" and I wasn't disappointed. The food had some kick but it was the good kind. At some restaurants, you get an extra sprinkle of chilli powder/paste if you ask for "hot" but this place actually integrated the spiciness into the food very well. I live in the bay area with a hundred options for vegetarian Indian food but this place has been quite a standout. 

The service was also excellent, and that's why I don't have any hesitation to give it a 5 star rating. The order-taking lady was pleasant over the phone, they accommodated different spice levels and slight customization (I had asked for "gingery" dal : - ) ), and they provided some take out plates and plastic cutlery. 

Highly recommended!笑
This is the best Indian Food in Vegas, beautiful decor. Full bar. There is definitely a master spicer behind the kichen door. WOW!