I work near here and for some time I would come here to get a coffee and a sesame bagel with sausage patty. It was a good price and pretty decent.

A year ago I went to order this, and the lady at the cash was struggling to enter the order. Another person came to help out and asked for the order again, which I provided without stress as I was not in a hurry.

The second woman struggled again and used an extremely derogatory term in arabic which I will not repeat here. I confronted the manager about this for which she apologized.

Upon getting back to work I noticed they had put no milk or sugar in my coffee. I went back to ask for them to add some. They then added so much sugar it was undrinkable.

I have not been going back since. I think using intensely derogatory terms and taking vengeance after on a client is unnaceptable even more so when it's done in front of the manager.笑
Across from the conference centre, this branch of Timmies is faster than the other I tried but still not great.


 While thankfully everything is centrally made and only warmed in store, I would hesitate to recommend it. I suggest going elsewhere for coffee.笑
Attention, c'est une chaîne de cafés. Il ne faut pas s'attendre à un café fait avec amour et de grande qualité. 
Mais lorsqu'on a besoin d'un bon café filtre, rapidement et pour pas trop cher à emporter, Tim Hortons est là pour nous satisfaire!

Le service est toujours rapide et efficace, je ne demande pas plus.笑
What a disappointment! 

This was my first Tim Horton's.  Growing up in New England, I long heard tales of the confectionery delight known only to those living north of New England's borders.

I swear that with the exception of the vast superiority of the fake Maple flavor at Horton's the donuts are exactly the same in flavor, texture, mouth feel, and after-taste to Dunkin' Donuts.  There was something comforting and familiar about the chain donuts I grew up with, but somehow I was expecting something that warranted the cult that Tim Horton's seems to have.

I'll give you that the coffee at Tim Horton's is among the best of major chains, but there's nothing else particularly noteworthy. This makes me very sad and leaves me wondering if the hype I've heard all my life turned a perfectly average experience into tragedy.笑
Just a fast food but the "glacé" are very good !笑
J'aime bien faire partie des gens presses qui reçoivent un très bon service rapide .Merci a tout le personnel !Super Job!笑
This Tim Hortons is located at the conference center (Palais de Congres), and provided my morning coffee for about a week. And sometimes mid afternoon or evening coffees as well. I was very fortunate to discover that Tim Hortons will actually put a "half" milk in the coffee (basically, half the amount of milk they regularly put in). Which is helpful when you're on a diet, but are barely in Canada and can't get over how delicious that coffee cream is in their crack-laced coffee.笑
I'd never been to a Tim Horton's before this one, and it's about on par with what I would expect to find at a Dunkin' Donuts or a Krispy Kreme back home. Granted, it was a bit cleaner inside than either of those places (they served me my doughnuts on a glass plate too, which was a nice touch), but as far as the food itself was concerned, I could barely tell the difference. This isn't a bad thing, I guess, but I mean it's not over-the-top fantastic either. I got a blueberry doughnut and an apple doughnut; both were good, but you can definitely tell that they're "fast food." I don't really know how else to put it. I wouldn't advise AGAINST coming here if you just want to grab a quick bite to eat, but if you're looking for something more than that, you can definitely find better food elsewhere.笑
I love the coffee here. Loved the croissant. Tim Hortons has its own special charm and taste in its coffee. Whenever I go to Starbucks, I order my usual which is caffe latte or cafe mocha with whipped cream and a hint of cinnamon on the top of it. 

I tried the same order at Tim Hortons too. It was fantastic and I wasn't disappointed. This coffee shop is a very busy one, being inside the Montreal convention center and close to the metro train station. It's so convenient to everyone to grab a scone or a croissant or a sandwich with a cup of coffee on their way to work or to the conference for a refreshing start of the day. 

I never tried the bagels there, but heard they were good. Maybe next time I sure have to try it out. It was my Togo place whenever I come to attend a conference at the convention center. 

Large seating area to accommodate a lot of coffee lovers :) 
-SH