Must say that their chicken biriyani is very consistent in taste .. We tried Kothu parotta once and it was a disappointment . So we stick to our standard menu - mini tiffin , dosa and chicken biriyaniǾ
A big no if you are planning to have lunch..Samosas and medu vadas are just ok..paneer curry has more water than paneer..naan which was served was frozen...Ǿ
DISAPPOINTED!!! I thought this place could really be something but then yesterday they told me that they lost their chef so no dosa and idli anymore. They also had very little options for curries! WILL NOT BE GOING BACK. And I would suggest you not waste your time either.Ǿ
Nice place a step or two past the last restaurant I reviewed. They actually serve a fair smoubt if food for the money.  Its nice and spicy but not overly done. My biggest question is does Indians actually own this place? I have eaten this food all my life but some of the dishes I have never heard of or in some cases have a hard time identifying. It's not just me, I have been here twice and even some of the indians have questions.  Anytime you need to explain your menu to everyone, you might want to rethink it. The reason I didn't rate it higher was the blaring hip-hop playing. Now I listen to my fair share of music but it has its place. This restaurant is not it. Save for the club and concentrate on educating your customers on the ridiculous menu board.Ǿ
Yum! Really liked this place. Tried the biriyani (sp?) chicken with chicken tikka masala. Also tried the samosas. I thought it was reasonably priced, and everything was delicious. I've only had Indian food maybe 20 times, so I'm no expert, but I liked that I could try different things without dropping $20. 

Will definitely go back!Ǿ
Good food for a decent price. Not a huge spread of a menu but has a fresh taste. I would not recommend shakes here though we had a not so good experience with that. Otherwise nice place to visit once in a while.Ǿ
Fried rice is probably the only thing worth the price. It was good. 

It took FOREVER to get my order. The server girl let the customers before me to literally try everything on the menu.  I understand they want to have as many customer as they can to like their food but gosh....scale it down. And be considerate of other customers who may know exactly what they want and wanting to get in and out fast.  After it is called "fast food" but not fast at all. Fried rice tasted like Korean-Chinese fried rice....I liked it.Ǿ
I might just be critical because I'm indian but this food is BLAND. Service is great but the food is terrible. I won't be returning. The idea of a fast food restaurant for indian food is nice but they don't know how to cook it. Sucks to know that people are eating this and thinking this is what Indian food tastes like.Ǿ
DO NOT, I say DO NOT go to this place....In every aspect it is a bad place, we went there for breakfast at 10 am, it is advertised to be till 11 am and they said that we have only one item....no apologies, did not care, worst customer service.....there were only 4-5 other people there and they kept repeating that 'we have run out of everything', when we asked for the manager, they said we will call the chef, then after 10 mins came out and said 'chef is busy preparing lunch'. How pathetic, and this has happened before....Place also has no ambience and have to stand in line for the food. Last time we went there, don't it will last with this attitude...Food is OK, nothing to talk about. Plus portion sizes are way too small, it looks inexpensive but truly its not. They made us wait for ever for that one item....Ǿ
When this place opened it was just awesome, their biryani used to be out of the world. Having said that it is still pretty good. You cannot beat the price, also now with their combo cards you just pay 5 dollars. My only issue with this place is, it takes forever in the line. It is mostly the crowd who takes too long to decide what they want and they are too polite to rush them off.Ǿ
This weekend I was in Charlotte and my friends  suggested to try this new indian fast food. At first I was surprised and had my doubts  - haven't heard of any Indian fast food! But actually when I went there I was amazed to see nice ambience and clean restaurant (certainly comparable to the american fast food chains)
Price wise and quality wise - it's the best deal !! Have never had this good quality Biryani for $6 (good quantity, egg, raita and curry included) 
Since I do not live there and am from Herndon, VA. I would suggest the owners to please open a branch in Herndon,VA as we don't have any Indian "fast food" chains and also your prices and quality is certainly unbeatable.Ǿ
My husband and I just tried this place out last night and we thought it was pretty good! It was our first time and my husband and I aren't the most familiar with Indian food so the menu was a little hard to understand. We don't know the names of dishes and what they are like so it was hard for us to know what to try. It would have been nice to have a description of the dish with the name for the Indian newbies like us. Luckily the customer behind us in line told us about what the dishes were like and had some good recommendations. The food was overall very good but like a previous poster, they were out of a lot of main dishes so it took awhile while they were cooked. The staff was all very pleasant and outgoing. We'll definitely be back for another try.Ǿ
Don`t stop by... Esply for break fast ...I have been there for Couple of time for breakfast but they never had listed menu items on floor....

Bad to list out there cons.......but they still never changed.....and losing there repeated customers.......

********Don`t Stop for Break Fast*************Ǿ
"Mesha" is awesome and she being an American hostess and knowing so much about Indian food and serving you so well is amazing!

Food is great no doubt, when you go there give her a shout out ! 

Cheers, SidǾ
I bought a Groupon for this place and it was the biggest mistake. They seem to serve the lowest quality of food with little to none flavor. The service was just as bad. I made a second mistake when I bought two fountain drinks. None of the sodas stated were actually in the soda fountain, I wanted a diet coke and instead I got water. My boyfriend wanted a fanta and somehow he got fruit punch. I am not one to complain but this is place was a big let down.Ǿ
I will not recommend this place as it's very unhygienic and badly managed eatery.  The food is not good and it's very salty.  The food is not covered all the time and it is dry they still serve the dry riceǾ
This restaurant is turning away customers by closing during hours they post they are open.  I came at 5:52pm for quick dinner before a 6:30pm meeting and was told by some gum-smacking woman talking on the phone, "Sorry, we're not open yet. "  Lock the front door if you're closed.Ǿ
Food quality went down with very average taste. Its just south indian fast food. They have lot of room to server lots of indian fast food variety.Ǿ
We have been excited when opening this new concept of Indian food and have been pretty regulars. We think taste of the food is good, although some adding or changing dishes would make it more interesting and looking forward to feeling.  Ambience is good (hugely better than the one down the same street). Staff has been very courteous. 
We have been quite disappointed over the last few days with idli taken off the menu. We felt this is the most popular dish and especially mini idli would be anyone's favorite. We feel strongly the management should consider putting this back on the menu.Ǿ
I can't believe that people have rated really low for this restaurant.  I am originally from South India and this restaurant serves the best South Indian Food. This is the real taste of South India and somehow they did the magic of reducing the spice level without compromising the taste. For $7, we get rice with 2 sides, 1 curry, 1 chappati, 1 dessert. Chicken 65 is the best. I really loved it. There is also one Chicken curry which is too yummy.  The curry which we get with white rice is kinda okay but not the best. Medu Vada is too good. I loved the dessert (both Payasam and also Sakara pongal). Food can't taste more tastier than this. This might not be fancy place but they serve real good food. 

Chicken 65 - 10/10
Payasam - 10/10
Sakara pongal - 9/10
Medu Vadai - 10/10
Curry provided with while rice - 7/10
For dine-in - 5/10
for takeout - 10/10
Value for money - 10/10
Chicken Biriyani - not yet tasted
Coffee - 6/10 (probably, if they have added extra shot, it would have been great)

I have stayed in NJ for a long time where there are many Indian restaurant but this small restaurant serves a better food than any restaurant in whole NC/NJǾ
Well to begin with....all the staff seem to be clueless about the items on the menu and once they figure it out, they take infinite time to complete the order. I wanted to order a plate of wada and the serving lady wasn't sure what wada was. Even after telling the item number from the menu, she was searching all around and realized that there weren't any left. I asked her to check with the kitchen staff if they are making any new ones inside and she told me it's gonna take 15mins. I was charged upfront and to my dismay after 30mins, when I went to enquire about my wada order...guess what..she was unsure what order it was and started the same crap again. I got my $ refunded, but boy I felt they were half asleep and working.I will never go to Adisil again

P.S besides me and my wife there we just 2 other people in the restaurant and it was at 6pmǾ
I give Adisil a solid 3 out of 5. I love the food - it's pretty standard Indian fare. All the curries and tikka masalas and such. Add rice or naan as standards. There are lots of side options, most of them fairly soupy as you can expect. I would really have liked to see some paneer tikka masala on the regular or some of the fried cauliflower - I can't think of the dish name...is it also a tikka masala? The rice by the way is excellent, though the naan seems to always be sub-par and chewy rather than closer to crunchy. The staff certainly tries to be helpful and engaging but if you come at an off time some food will take a bit longer to prepare for you. I can still call it an Indian fast food place though as it does in fact move faster than any other non-buffet Indian joints I've been to. I get cravings for it sometimes and Adisil is usually the quickest fix. The only issue is it's a bit far from home and out of the way; I'm sad they closed down their Mooresville location too. But it's worth saying as a final note, if I had the option on a list of Indian places to choose from without regard to distance (price is no matter) Adisil would be closer to the bottom of the list. Again, it is just fast food!Ǿ
My mom and I decided to try this restaurant tonight.  The empty restaurant was pleasantly clean, with modern, almost sterile, decor.  The smell of the food was very inviting.  I have limited knowledge of Indian cuisine and am only really familiar with curry, masala, naan, and biryani.  When we asked questions about how to order, the staff looked at us like we had 3 heads.  I wanted to order a few things a la  carte, but the menu didn't really allow it.  So we each ordered a bowl of chicken curry and chicken masala.  I didn't expect it to be so soupy (and kind of greasy) so I went back to order a side of rice.  I was told the only way to order rice was to order a whole meal for $6.49, knowing full well that I already ordered a cup of masala.  It didn't seem the staff ( including management) was willing or able to help me out.  They didn't suggest I pay the difference between what I bought and the price of the meal.  They just kept telling me they couldn't sell me a side and that I had to order a meal.  Needless to say, we left with our food and are now at home cooking rice to go with our very delicious, but soupy curry and masala.Ǿ
The worst place ever !!!!

Redefining the food per the local taste is fine, however serving just about anything and calling it authentic cusine makes a big room for reviews !!!!

Any average non-cooking indian can say the difference between a tamarind paste and podi that goes on podi dosaai !!!

When a person mentiones am a vegan, i will order a veg biryani, the food server is sooo engrosed to fake a accent to a married gentleman, imagine what is delivered - chicken biryani with chicken curry !!!!!Ǿ
Everyone had an impression of poor service at Indian Restaurants, this one overcomes that impression. Great Service and food. Limited menu, it would be better if few more items are added. Had Chilli chicken when I was there first time which was good, sad that its no more on the menu now.
The ambience can be better, now it does not look like Indian fast food place.Ǿ
Indian Fast Food.  Different style of food than I've had from other places.  Friendly staff, while the quality isn't up there with sit-down restaurants, they deliver higher quality than their cost would suggest.Ǿ
Different take on Indian restaurant... It's kind of Indian fast food... The first thing I noticed as soon as I walked in was that this place is very very clean and organized. Decor is done very nicely too. We ordered chicken curry, onion and plain dosa, idli, medu vada, and madras coffee. Except medu vada, everything was tasty especially chicken curry. Madras coffee was truly great. I don't know if it is a true madras coffee, may be any of my South Indian friends will be a better judge of that but I liked it. Looking at other reviews, I was skeptical to go initially but liked what I saw and the food I tasted. Hopefully when I go again, I will get same experience like my first time hereǾ
This is exactly what it says it is-- Indian fast food.  You order at a cafeteria-type counter, pay, take your tray then go sit down.  They have a couple of combo meals you can choose from, or you can get just the items you want.  A couple of coworkers and I ate here about 2 weeks after it opened, and it still had some kinks to work out.  We arrived about 10 minutes after it was supposed to be open and the doors were still locked.  They let us in (thank goodness, it was cold & rainy out) but we had to wait about 15 to 20 more minutes before they had enough food ready to start serving us.  Even then, not all menu items were available-- the kitchen handed the food out as it was ready, so it looks like it's fresh-prepared on site.

I got one of the combo meals, which included a bowl of rice, a paratha, your choice of curry, two side items and a dessert.  The combo cost does NOT include a drink.  The rice was plain white rice-- not basmati or jheera rice, but at least it had been cooked with some salt so it wasn't flavorless.  I got the lamb curry, which was tasty and even though I opted for "mild" it did have a bit of kick (and I can handle fairly spicy food).  My only complaint is that it was very soupy-- almost like curry soup with a few small pieces of meat rather than the usual curry texture.  I also got the fried potatoes which were very tasty, a vada which was good even though it was cold, and pongal (a sweetened rice dessert).  The meal cost about $9.00 (again, the cost of a drink wasn't included but one of the staff was kind enough to give us free drinks since we had to wait to be served) which seemed a bit high for the amount/quality of the food.  For about a dollar more, I can get a great combo meal at another Indian restaurant not far from here that includes more and better quality food and a drink (albeit a canned one).  Even so, the food here was tasty and I imagine that once the service kinks get ironed out, the only wait will be in the line to place an order.  

I will probably return due to the fact that this is very close to my office and the service should be faster after the staff has a few weeks under their belts.  It's nice to have an Indian "fast food" option in a location that's so convenient for me.Ǿ
I found the food to be nice, it inspired me to go and buy lots of Indian spices and try some recipes on my own. After some research, I've learned that Indian spices are particularly healthy.Ǿ
Did not like it. Must be from a different India than all other Indian restaurants I've been to.Ǿ
Adisil is the only Indian fast food in Charlotte and this is your best alternative if you don't want to overeat in Lunch buffets.  I recently noticed the increase in prices for their combos but they still serve the cheapest briyani in the town. 'Bang for the Buck' is exactly how i would describe Adisil. I've always wondered why Indian restaurants pays such poor attention to keeping their restrooms tidy, But that's not how i felt when i used the facility in Adisil.
Kudos !!Ǿ
I was extremely disappointed when I went to this place. I went there second time to give it a second chance but was more disappointed. I am born in India and I know what authentic Indian food is. The menu is super limited. It doesn't seem like it has been created by someone who knows Indian food enough. They have twisted versions of Indian dishes and don't have authentic  dishes. For instance, Masala Dosa (Dosa with potato stuffing) is one of the most common dishes in India. They have different versions of Dosas(none traditional) but no Masala Dosa.  In addition, Sambhar(lentil soup) and coconut\tomato chutney are part of a traditional Dosa dish. And they are supposed to be bottomless. They have listed Sambhar under curry despite of it being a soup. Both chutneys are listed under extra and you have to pay for those.  They are not part of the dish in their menu. Sambhar doesn't taste authentic either. If you know Indian food well enough then you would  understand that it is ridiculous. Also, they have Medhu Vada(Vadai) in their menu which they have used in a few dishes. So a lot of the items in their limited menu is Vada. Chapathis they offer are not made fresh or made there. I have seen a worker put them on a grill from an aluminum foil package to heat them up to serve. The Indian Sandwich they offer has no dressings but mint chutney in it. It is bland. Traditional Indian sandwiches have cilantro, garlic and\or tamarind chutneys in them. Quantities of the dishes are relatively small too. Overall, I would not go back to this place and not recommend it to anyone. There are a number of authentic places around.Ǿ
Health code violations everywhere.  Chicken served cold.  They forgot my naan.  I had lamb and there were about 6 bites, not even two ounces of lamb.

Not coming back.Ǿ
I tried pongal for breakfast here... Best pongal I ever had in US.. I also tried chicken fried rice here... It was awesome.. A must try for every Indian food loverǾ
When you drop a chicken utensil carrying some chicken gravy into the paneer - you have lost me. I am a vegetarian - if you are doing it, do it right. People who serve the food shouldunderstand the "BIG DEAL" about having them separate. I cannot trust that you have it clean now? Can I? Also, why would you keep veg/non-veg close by to create this confusion? Keep them a little apart - and satisfy the customers. Food is fine, nothing ahaaa! or ohooo! about It :DǾ
The place is great.  It has lot of options, the food is tasty and its clean.  It does not have a good ambiance like a classy restaurant rather its like a food court.Ǿ
I am surprised they are still around. I have been here in the past, and have been consistently disappointed. I recently  tried them after almost a year, it is still the worst restaurant around. Food is stale, items like sambhar are not edible. If you are in mood for indian snack and in that parking lot, The next door curry n cake (which in my opinion is below average) shines in comparison.Ǿ
I have had my fair share of Indian over the past few years, all from the various regions of India. Prices are decent and the place is new. The downsides?   Who charges extra for Sambhar ?? I dont want wada sambhar if it's been sitting there for awhile and already soggy.  If I order regular wada and want to dip in sambhar, I have to pay extra!  I though sambhar is complementary for most south indian dishes.  Also, some of the combo's are misleading. It says "2 ea" plain as day but it only comes w/ 2 idly, 1 wada. To complicate this further the menu picture screen shows 3 idly!  Confusing.  I think I'll pass on this place and try that other place up the street.Ǿ
This review is for the newer Adisil north of Davidson (exit 33) which is not appearing in Yelp yet. We loved the food almost as much as the guy working there! So enthusiastic and knowledgeable as well as friendly. Food was great and servings huge.Ǿ
Firstly, they don't serve anything in right quantity or in a right way. Example: Wada in a Cup rather in a plate, no chutney with a south Indian dish etc. They fill less than half of the cup when you order any dish. Usually any South Indian dish comes with unlimited sambar and chutney. If not unlimited atleast more than two tea spoons of quantity. They have chutneys in extras with a 50 cents price on them. Its ok to charge, but if you are charged for chutney or sambar you atleast expect the quantity that is sufficient for 2 Idly's.  I will rather go to the other Indian Restaurant across the same street than this one.Ǿ
I was travelling to charlotte yesterday and went to this restaurant it was completely new for an Indian restaurant .I never seen an Indian restaurant like this is was more like Chipotle.They had different  combo and I tried chicken combo which was really good it came with chicken 65,lamb curry and a desert and I had Chai tea which was far better than Chai latte from any coffee shop.One more good reason is the price which was low for an Indian restaurant overall great experience.Ǿ
So, I absolutely loved this place when I first went.  I don't write a lot of reviews, but I'm writing this one because I think the restaurant could do so much better, and I'm on the verge of not patronizing it.  I think some of the things that are sometimes wrong are easy fixes. 

A lot of times they are out of things that seem like they should be staples. I kid you not, I have been there on separate occasions, and they've been out of basmati rice, chicken tikka masala, to go cups for soft drinks and even naan!!!! They are open until 10pm most days, and they may be out of these things at like 6pm or 7pm...not even the end of the night. Sometimes their staff, who are always nice, look really embarrassed to tell you they're out of things...like they have to do it a lot. 

So it's very hit or miss. When it's good it's really good, but it's a bummer when you go in expecting to get things you like and you never know if you can count on them being there.  This place has such potential. Please get it together guys!! A few improvements will go a long way.