I'm so depressed to see the negative reviews of this place. I ventured here last time in LV after canceling my Bradley Ogden reserv. (what they had on the menu was very limiting that month or week however many times they change it) So we decided to try 808. My plane had gotten in later then we planned so we got there around 9:30 pm. The place was still pretty full. Sparkling water and roy rogers(my drink under 21) my father had some sort of wine slash beer combo (not together) We order appetizers. ahi tuna dish that they have posters of all around casino, some rolls and then the appetizer sampler. For two people. We didnt finish it but wow... everything was good. That tuna was mmm. Wondering where the hell our main dish was I wait another 20 minutes after good conversation when I finally ask my dad. He informs me we had not ordered it yet. Wow. what? Why had I thought we had ordered. So we order promptly. They had our food out... salmon for me, halibut for the father... in record timing. Everything was spectacular. Downside I wish I could have had wine but alas too young still. I would go back, preferably when I can drink.Ǿ
Mediocre food for the price.  The decontructed tuna roll was good but other than that, I wasn't extremely impressed with the food or the service.  I wouldn't classify this restaurant as a seafood restaurant... it has a little bit of everything in it's menu.Ǿ
Maybe it's me, or maybe 808 is really overdone.

When I think of seafood, I think of simplicity & fresh & clean flavors.  

808 tries to be WAY too many things and fails to make the more discriminating customer happy:

The grilled ono was tough, the rock shrimp risotto was too heavy on the cream & was a terrible contrast to the overly salty fish. The thai curry basil sauce was overwhelming on the fish.  

The roasted filet was similar to something one could order from a large chain steakhouse.  To put it plainly it was nothing special & the temperature was incorrect.  

The appetizers were definitely the most APPETIZING part of the meal.  Order some wine and the more aptly priced small plates.  We had the deconstructed ahi roll: nice subtle flavors and creative presentation.  

The dining room is flat out BORING.Ǿ
I have to say 808 was a waste of money.  My fish came out really fishy and my friend had to send his dish back for something else.  It was very expensive for some mediocre food and the server gave us terrible service because we didnt order wine to bring his check average up.  How does this place survive?Ǿ
Dinner for two: $160 + tips
(2 appertizers, 1 complimentary salad, 2 soups, 1 entree, 1 dessert, 1 juice, 1 cocktail)

Hmmm...I wonder why there were only 4 yelper reviews! What can I say about 808? The Mai Tai cocktail and appertizers (rock shrimp risotto, crab cakes, and lobster bisque) we ordered were a sure win but the only one entree (special du jour: whole tai snapper...yes, it's fish) and dessert (vanilla souffle) we ordered were most certainly a flop!

The presentation of the whole tai snapper was so impressive that it caught a few attention from our neighbors but it was bland and overcooked!  Ahhh...reminder to self: don't judge a book by the cover! As for the dessert, the souffle was sure light and fluffy because all I can taste was eggwhites...and it was undercooked too! 

*sigh* That's just disappointing because a meal is not complete without dessert and generally I am anxious and have high anticipation towards the end of the meal because dessert doesn't come until I am through with a good three or four courses before the dessert arrives! *sigh*...for such a nice restaurant but ending on a bad note.

Nice decor, average service, average food.

Three stars for the appertizers, cocktail, and soups.Ǿ
If you don't like seafood do not come here! They only have a few other choices and the day I was there they were even out of what I wanted...I just think that's crappy and the waiter should tell you before you decide on your meal. I was really disappointed. 

I had to eat an appetizer for dinner (the risotto) because there wasn't anything else. It was okay...I split it with a friend...I think it was $14 and then they made us pay a $5 split charge and didn't tell us!! We would have ordered two things if we knew the charge was going to be 1/3 of our meal.

Just watch out! I was really disappointed! There are soooo many other fabulous place to eat in Vegas!Ǿ
I loved my meal. I ordered the prawns with spicy Thai noodles or something like that. We had a lobster ravioli appetizer and it was great as well. I really enjoyed it and it's a cool atmosphere. It's very unique dinning. I don't think my BF cared much for it though (maybe cause he had to pay for it). It's pricey, but nice to go if you plan to stay for awhile and enjoy some wine and ambiance.Ǿ
I'm surprised at all the negative reviews because I had a pretty good experience.  I tried the seafood tasting menu while a friend had the shellfish tasting menu, so we shared our dishes and each item was delicious.  I learned that this restaurant is the transport of 'A Pacific Cafe' on Kauai, HI, so there were no disappointments.  I didn't rate it 5 stars because for the price we paid, I would expect the level of service to be on par with what I experienced at Picasso (see my review of Picasso).  All in all, it was a very pleasant dinner.Ǿ
Took my girlfriend here sometime in 07' when we went and was referred by the concierge at the hotel.  We made a reservations so we were sat down immediately when we arrived.  The service was good and the food was even better, we greatly enjoyed it and for seafood I would say this is one of the better places to go in Vegas.  It was a little pricey (w/ tip $150) but when in Vegas, $ should never be an issue...Ǿ
I haven't been in several years...but  I loved this place.  I had the pan seared steak and it was sooooo good!