Meat, meat and more meat. DO NOT bring friends who are vegetarian because there is nothing for them. But, those who love good, tasty smoked (and affordable) ribs then this your place. My favorite: Kansas City Sweet and Sticky Ribs. Half for $16.95 or Full Slab for $26.95 and 2 sides. The best sides are jalepino corn bread and corn on the cob. Every single person who I have recommended this place, always thank me. IT IS SOOOOOO GOOOD. 

Check out there website for more info, but really you will NOT be sorry if you go: http://www.cluck.ca/

Please note: The bloor location has sadly closed.Ǿ
I tagged along for dinner one night with a group of carnivorous friends thinking to myself "what a joke this is, me being a vegetarian, going to a slowcooker place that specializes in MEAT", but I was pleasantly surprised when the server a) didn't laugh at me and b) confessed that the owner's wife was vegetarian (or maybe even vegan? can't remember) and proceeded to rhyme off a list of suitable things for me to order, or things that could easily be substituted. What a wonderful experience!

My friends are all huge fans of the place and return often. They usually order the Pulled Pork Sandwich.Ǿ
Another nice find in the city. We ordered the Whole Farm ( a combo plate) that featured all the BBQ items. Especially good were the ribs, both pork rubbed, and a huge beef bone. The brisket and chicken were not as good.
The sides of cole slaw (spicy & tart) and the beans (still hot & tasty) were great. 
The service was friendly and knowledgeable. 
They had numerous beers on tap, including Mill Street organic, and a house red that was fabulous.
The decor was garage like with wobbly chairs but somewhat representing the overall theme.Ǿ
I'm no slow cook expert, I'm not even a BBQ expert per say, but my experience at CG&L just left me with a burnt taste in my mouth. Like I had licked the grill of a roadside burger joint at the end of the summer (gristly bits and all!)

I know it's supposed to be about smokey-ness and all, but I just don't understand what the appeal is of dry, stinky meat with no juices left in it what-so-ever. I can burn meat at home.

So, I was not/am not a fan of CG&L, but I will say this...their "Basket of Piggies" (buttermilk biscuits with sausage gravy)? Bloody. Beautiful. (Hence the two stars instead of one).Ǿ
After returning from Texas, I have been on a hunt for the perfect BBQ joint. I agree with Mike S. above, in that Toronto is severely lacking in the BBQ arena. Cluck, Grunt, and Low came into being with hopes of being the place to go for Torontonians to sic their teeth into burning animal flesh, so I thought I'd give it a go.

I had the Croque Grunt. The idea of a BBQ version of a Croque Monsieur tickled my fancy, especially since the magic meat was the Almighty Pulled Pork -- one of the best inventions ever known to man. Unfortunately, the meat was a bit too chunky in parts -- more chopped than pulled. The Southern fries accompanying the dish was delectably garlicky and added the zing that the actual sandwich didn't seem to provide.

Though I wasn't altogether thrilled with the sandwich, I would consider returning, only because I would like to try something a little more typical, like a huge rack of ribs slathered in BBQ sauce. Unfortunately, the actual atmosphere of the restaurant, which has seen a rotating series of failed enterprises, doesn't seem like the place I could feel comfortable eating.  

Maybe I'm just a masochist, but I have hope. I could always go back for the fries.Ǿ
take your partner round and round, kick em in the shins, throw him on the ground...yahoo!...ya'll come back now y'hear?!

YIPPEEEEKAAAAYEEEEE...you know the rest.

thats perhaps what you might feel like in this theme restaurant.  id put this up there with the rainforest cafe, or the cheesecake factory, or (if you remember) limerickeys.  its a little overdone and silly i think.  to be honest, id rather have the food be excellent than the decor attempt to make me feel like everyone will break out into a line dance after dessert.  (i do like the cool soft green chairs though).  as i was alone when i went there, i went up to the window side bar to take a seat and i tried about 3 before i confirmed that for some reason theyve decided to make all their cool looking stools WOBBLY.  no thanks.  secure a seat for godsake.

the food was mixed.  i ordered their lunch special of pulled pork sandwich with fries.  with that i ordered gravy for the fries, and some barbeque sauce, only because the pulled pork, though, tasty in spice, was dry.  brutal.  the bbq sauce was great, very tangy.   the fries were mcdonalds style in shape, and crispy with a bit of pepper on them which was nice.  as for the gravy, it was pretty unsightly, but very very tasty.  i dont know if you could quite call it gravy - there was no way to pour it.  it almost had the consistency of mashed potatoes, lets say. the nice little thing is that it had bits of pork in it.  

overall, i might come back to try the other stuff, but not for the decor and the 4 television screens over the bar (isnt it ever enough...?)Ǿ
I've been on a lifelong search for the perfect pulled pork sandwich and I've come oh so close to finding it on a couple of occasions.  One such occasion was at Cluck Grunt & Low.  I've returned many-a-time to regale on the aforementioned delight but haven't been able to reach the same level of satisfaction I obtained that first glorious time. Also, the corn bread is a must to accompany the pulled pork.Ǿ
Though my exposure to Rib Fests is meagre compared to some, and I've never been to the US to experience that which is truly considered to be authentic barbecue.  That said, this place rocks.  I've been in the company who plan their holidays around going to Rib Fests, who have placemats from restaurants in the States where they've eaten, and they keep coming back to Cluck, Grunt, and Low.

Named after the noises made by the animals you're going to eat, this place is not by any means vegetarian-friendly.  Here, you are able to clear out chicken, beef, and pork in one sitting with sides that are savoury and tasty.  From the brisket, to the ribs (both beef and pork back), to the barbecue chicken, there's nothing that doesn't come out of the smoker that won't make you drool.  Unless, you do happen to be a vegetarian.  In which case, if you've not been reconverted after the carnivores at the table have had their due, you can enjoy a decently tasty Tennessee Garden Salad (Hey!  No meat!), corn on the cob, cole slaw and potato salad.

Service is prompt and attentive, and seating is such that they will wait to seat you until your entire party arrives so that those that are also waiting for tables get them to enjoy the smoky treats that abound.  Do what I do with my friends.  Buy two different plates with the intention of bringing them home for leftovers.  Barbecue at home without the smoker.  Oh, and the vegetarians can bring the collard greens home as well.Ǿ
I moved from Florida to Toronto a few years ago, and after six years in the technical South, I'd have to say that I'm still searching for that perfect BBQ joint.  Sadly enough, Cluck Grunt & Low doesn't really fit the bill for me.

Within a happy walking distance for my lunch hour at work, I have headed over to CGL several times hoping to take advantage of some sort of lunch special, only to be told that no such special exists.  This might honestly be the only joint in the Annex that doesn't have an insane lunch discount.  So points off there.  Next, on my first visit I ordered a special I'd seen touted on the outdoor video screen as I'd walked in only to be told by a chipper waiter that no such special exists.  I pointed out that the videoscreen said it, and he happily agreed but told me they didn't really offer it.  Hmm.

Next up, the prices.  Nothing at this place suggests a fancier style restuarant, considering they give you buckets on the table for bone and there's a lot of exposed wood involved in the decor.  However, the prices are twice as much as I would expect to pay for real barbeque, even the sandwiches.  I fully appreciate that with scarcity comes profit, but I can't say that it doesn't sting a little to drop $20 - $30 for lunch.  

The most important bit, of course, is the food.  To start, the portions are all reasonable, despite being a bit higher priced than they should be. The pulled chicken sandwich is tasty although the chicken seemed a little overdone and the sandwich bread itself was nothing fancy.  I've had both the "Memphis" dry rub ribs and shared an order of the beef ribs before and on both of these visits I was disappointed.  The meat seemed like it was cooked in advance and then reheated.  To their credit, the flavor of the meat was smoky and the rubs and sauce had some great seasoning, but overall both the dry rub and non-dry rub ribs seemed a bit dry and chewy at the ends.  The coleslaw was decent and not too sweet, just like I like it.  The fries are "cajun spice coated" and while I like them just fine on their own I find them a little too overseasoned when paired with the dry rub ribs. 

I may be picky about BBQ, but I think that if I want basic ribs I would go to a St. Louis or other chain that has more reasonable prices and standard, decent ribs.  Perhaps I was a bit naive to think a restaurant here will somehow replicate the delicious, tender, juicy meat you find in authentic Southern barbeque.Ǿ
The combo plate was a mixed bag: the ribs were ok but the brisket and chicken not so much.

We were disappointed to find that no slow cooking happens on the premises; instead the food is cooked elsewhere and brought in.  Where's that smoky smell we love?