I love old authentic cafes, like one you'd find on a drive through Tuscany or Normandy.  This hit the spot on our walk down Queen St. The wooden crates and old seltzer bottle decor was a welcome respite mid-afternoon.  The small bistro seating looks out directly on the park.  Unfortunately our pain au chocolate left something to be desired, as it was just a regular croissant with a few unmelted hard chocolate pieces in the middle.  I'll attribute that to the time of day we came.  Given the decor and seeming authenticity of the place, I would return, maybe earlier next time and maybe for one of the beautiful and colorful tarts in the case.笑
Went here for the crookie and it didn't disappoint!! Tasted pretty good but I thought the croissant portion was a bit bready (like others have said), making it more chewy than what I expected (a flakey pastry)笑
I will drive down to Queen West, brave the one lane traffic and search for a parking spot just for a lemon meringue tart.  Hell, I would take the bus, then walk, just to get a lemon meringue tart. THEIR l.m. tart. It's my absolute fave even though the lychee one comes close. 

Yes, it's true. Clafouti sells quick...but that just goes to show how great their baked goods and coffee are. Actually, I'd be worried if I went to a much talked about place and they weren't selling their stuff. For a small place, they certainly have a decent amount of baked goods. I've lucked out many times and managed to grab seats. Otherwise, take out it is.
I bought the lavender shortbread cookies once just for something different and they were too lavender-y. I wouldn't recommend them unless you are into that. 

The only reason I didn't give them a perfect score is because of the service. Well, you know being nice and friendly goes a long way sometimes even when you're just at the counter. Not all the staff are...should i say crusty? But it's probably a blessing that they don't offer table service. Anyway, even though some staff leave a bad impression in my mind, the tarts always leave a good taste in my mouth! Thank goodness too.笑
The croissants here are outstanding.  Not only are the croissants amazing, but the sandwiches (especially those made on their croissants) are to die for!  
Get here early though - I dropped by on the weekend just after noon, and everything was sold out.笑
Every single time we come to Toronto the first thing we do is come here at 9am, that's the time they open on the weekends, to wait in line for a warm-melt-in-your-mouth croissant!  So for those of you who decided to roll in after 10am you'll be S.O.L.!

It's such a cute little place and you have to cram yourself in to get a pair of tongs and a paper lunch bag to stuff it with yummy croissants!  Don't forget the sandwiches which are located next to the register, I recommend the Egg Salad and the Shrimp and Avocado sandwich!  They also have a little showcase of 'special' croissants such as the almond cream!  

This is a MUST stop but then again I would rather not have anyone know about this place so the croissants don't sell out faster!笑
What more can I say about Clafouti that hasn't already been said? Their croissants are the best on the Queen West strip, in my humble opinion. I've heard Patachou has the best Parisian-style croissants in the city but they're a little far for me to make the trek. Thanks to geography, Clafouti is my main go-to whenever I crave flakey, buttery goodness. 

Clafouti also has an excellent selection of homemade breads, and I will sometimes buy a baguette or one of their multi-grained loaves - if you're lucky enough to grab one before they sell out! 

But it's their croissants that make me a return customer. Plain, with chocolate, filled with fruit or acting as a sandwich, their croissants pull me into this little shop each time I'm in the neighbourhood. Nothing is more satisfying to me than waking up on a beautiful morning, buying a fresh croissant and dipping it into my cafe au lait, whilst sitting in Trinity-Bellwoods Park. Simply heaven.笑
This place is amazingly tiny, but luckily there's Trinity Bellwoods across the street, so you can grab your grub and enjoy it on a park bench. Staff is great and friendly, and even though I've only been a couple of times they remember my name (super friendly, right?!). 

The croissants are the best in the city by far, so don't fool around with the other stuff :-P笑
Horrible service! 

After ordering a coffee, the server didn't fill the cup up and I asked him to fill it up as I don't add much to my coffee. Very rudely, the server said he was using a larger cup as he was out of the other size. I don't usually get coffee here so didn't realize they only had two sizes. I said I'm happy to pay the difference if he fills it up. 

He then filled it up, spoke VERY rudely to me and slammed my coffee down where the cream and sugar was...spilling the coffee. 

The whole outburst was incredible. I asked for money back and left very disturbed. 

Your bad day should not ruin others!!!! Especially a beautiful Saturday. 

While I usually grab pastries here for events, I will never come back here. 

(something most people would do is mention that they have run out of the the cup size, and note the different size being used. Most people also smile and don't yell at customers and speak sarcastically/condenscending to them).笑
To keep it short and sweet:

I'm definitely a fan of the food, would have given a 5, but the waitstaff/service would give this place a 1 or 2, which is too bad because the pastries are to die for.

I got the whole "cool to be bitchy" vibe and it's just not the vibe I'm down with when I'm paying for something, which is contributing to paying for that bitchy person working at the counter.笑
I came to Clafouti Patisserie & Cafe for their croissants and I am happy and satisfied. 

We were there on a beautiful Autumn Sunday morning and it was such an excitment to see they brought out a whole tray of fresh croissants right when I walked in!!

If you like really buttery croissants, you will not have like what they offer here! I have to say they are light, flaky outside, doughy and bready inside.. taste more like a bread then a pastry.

"Pastry is distinguished from bread by having a higher fat content, which contributes to a flaky or crumbly texture. A good pastry is light and airy and fatty" *

I don't think that Croissant is Fatty enough! As there are no oil residues on the paper bag nor in my hands after eating that!

Too bad they only has plain butter croissants available.. maybe I have to make another trip to try out their almond and dark chocolate ones!


*quote from http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pastry笑
Guys, these are the best croissants in the city, bar none. Always fresh and warm. Great friendly service. The place is cute and tiny and oh so charming. 

Their clafouti is also amazing, if you can resist purchasing a croissant. 

The coffee is horrible (burnt, always burnt, I hate balzacs) but that's not why you come here. YOU COME FOR THE CROISSANTS!笑
Killing me softly with pastries. Croissants so dense and filling. Deceptively large. I got stuck here one day in a rain storm. Good hot latte and an almond croissant later, I was ready to get back out into it.笑
Clafouti is a cute-ish kind of place you'd want to stumble into on a cold night. It's intimate and quaint, but neither trendy nor fancy. They make mean croissants. Especially those of the almond variety - they are deadly. 

I had the grilled vegetable sandwich warmed up. Grilled vegetables were wedged between two half slices of a croissant. The different sandwiches looked a little sad in the display but one bite of it changed my opinion. The vegetables were fresh and crispy and the croissant was also fresh and very flakey. 

I can't wait to be back for more baked goods, I just can't believe i walked by this place so many times with nary a peak inside.笑
I like going to eateries that know who they are. They make sandwiches mostly on croissant. And 12 types of fillings.

I don't like crunchy things mixed into a sandwich when everything else is soft. The fresh raspberries in my chicken sandwich didn't work for me.

But the lemon tart was divine! 

The staff were cheerful and courteous.

I will have to come back and try some of the other choices like the pulled pork笑
Standing in front of the beautifully varied assortment of tarts on display at Clafouti can cause some serious anxiety. I was sweet-toothing big time and soaked through from a rainy bike ride. Basically, I knew that my immediate future happiness depended on my choice of tart. 

I finally decided on a tarte aux figues ($3.15) and a cuppa fragrant jasmine blossom green tea ($1.50) and parked myself at one of only three teesny round two-tops by the window. The tart was heavenly from the very  first bite with a delicate buttery crust, not-too-sweet-or-custardy custard, and a crown of perfectly ripe fresh figs. 

The painstakingly French countryside themed decor complete with vintage sugar cannisters and posters makes the space as cozy and comforting as the real thing (or so I imagine, rather). All the imported foods for sale on the side are a nice touch too. Now, if only the friendly lass behind the counter hadn't decided to blast Hot Chip's Over and Over (I love the song, mind you, but wouldn't have chosen it in this setting). Her unabashed singing along to the dance track loosened my imaginary girdle though. There was really nothing left for a girl to do but surrender to tapping her foot to the beat and enjoying the view of the distinctly West Queen West passerbys from this lovely slice of the French countryside.笑
Some may call this place 'charming', I would call it a crappy little hole in the wall. 

They have Illy coffee which is a plus. Baked goods are mediocre.笑
Came in on a late afternoon. All the croissants were well gone but they had the clafoutis still gleaming in the display. Custard filled with various berries, we had the pomegranate and raspberry which was delicious.

Had to come back and try the croissants sometime...笑
They have nice combo deals for relatively good pricing. Service wasn't overally friendly to be honest but it did look like They have a lot of nice pastries to pair w coffee.笑
Chicken, dijon, raspberries on a croissant. Need I say more? It was a perfect, albeit slightly expensive, snack.  If I hadn't been so hungry I would have brought it across the park for a little picnic!笑
There is nothing bad to say about Clafouti's croissants, but if you are sold out while people are still lining up on the street, it says something about your understanding of the financial consequences of underproduction at a given market price. I'm talking to you, owners of Clafouti. The pretentious québécois-french attitude isn't appreciated either. 

Unfortunately for Clafouti's owners, a good croissant is not a scarce good anymore in this city. I therefore chose to walk into almost next-door neighbor Nadège, where they remember economics 101 and still replenish their even better baked goods around noon, which is a more reasonable time to get your brunch treats together. 

Two stars. Nothing more to say about it.笑
Hands down some of the best croissants I have ever had, and I lived in Belgium for three years, land of the pastry!

Cannot recommend this place enough, although I realize this may result in a stock shortage. This is my only problem with Clafouti: bake more!

The plain, pain au chocolat and almond croissants are my favourites. For those of you that are pastry snobs, they use dark chocolate and a frangipane-like filling in the almond versions. 

Just don't buy them all before I get there!笑
I find Clafouti to be pretty hit or miss.

In my experience, the almond croissant is the only thing that is consistently good. A couple of times I've gone the pastries seemed like they had been sitting for awhile. When the product is fresh, it's great -- but sadly, scoring a fresh treat is a gamble you'll have to take. 

Cash & debit only. Don't expect anything more than mediocre service.笑
Imagine an Oreo and a croissant got married, had a baby, and went on a family vacation to Mexico where they stayed out in the sun too long, got toasted, and dried out. That was my Crookie. Read: dry and stale.

I was really looking forward to enjoying a nice, fresh, sweet afternoon treat - imagine, a croissant stuffed with Oreos! But, no. We visited around 1:00 PM on a weekday afternoon a few months ago, and ordered one Crookie to share. Thank goodness we only purchased one. It was really, really stale, dried out, and tasted like it had been sitting out for a good, long while. Disappointing. 

I hear their almond croissants are worth a try, but after my first experience, I'm not sure I'll be back. In any event, if you do check this place out, go in the morning - in the earlier hours, you'll probably have better luck grabbing a fresher pastry than I did. Two stars - for novelty, I guess.笑
I went to clafouti last week to try the crookie and a few other treats. Let me tell you that you won't be disappointed it was delicious. I also bought an almond and chocolate croissant and had them later in the day and they were also to die for. Coffee was excellent as well. I won't tell you if these are authentic french croissants as I have never been to France, but I will tell you that they are simply amazing. I will be going back.笑
Since I moved to the neighbourhood 6 years ago, I have always considered Clafouti to be a reward for getting up early on weekends!

If I am up and out of the house before 10 am, I make a quick stop at Clafouti to treat myself to some plain croissants and "Pain au chocolate".   The plain are soft, doughy and fresh, and yes, they DO sell out fast and early.

This is also one of the rare places in the area from which I enjoy a latte.  They do it well here!  

I've never tried anything else, but they do have breads, desserts, and sandwiches.

Where they lose points in my books: the customer service is not exactly oozing with friendliness.  


Also Note - cash only!!笑
Mes amis! These are not croissants, how dare you even call them so!? Absolutely not buttery, not crispy, not flaky on the inside, they're anything but a true croissant!
Cafe au lait is also not impressive, plus you have to add milk yourself (American style). Perhaps their breads are good, but I wouldn't know, since their croissants got me running in the opposite direction.笑
Food is ok, desserts are great but there are way better places in the area. I can't believe they don't take credit cards, and don't have a legible sign that says so. It's 2013!笑
I'm a dedicated pastry lover who's eaten bakery treats from Beijing to Vienna, Paris, Florence, Montreal and San Francisco. Toronto's offerings invariably leave me cold. Clafouti is no exception.

People, just because it looks like a croissant doesn't mean that it is one. The bread bombs baked up here are neither light, nor buttery, nor flaky. Similarly, their breads have a density I've never encountered anywhere, although when it's made up into one of their sandwiches it's pretty tasty, especially the pate sandwich. I've tried the little tarts and while they look beautiful they aren't so great either. Serving Balzac's coffee is a plus, but ultimately, file Clafouti under overrated.笑
I used to buy croissants from Clafouti for a very long time and it used to be my Sunday morning ritual to wake up, go there and have the delicious cinnamon brown sugar croissants and often also buy a few extras for people at home.  I also often sent my staff to buy croissants for our business meetings and I used to swear by your croissants.  Over time I noticed that you guys started cutting back on the brown sugar, the cinnamon and this past weekend, I got a croissant with pretty much NOTHING in the center. That will be my last trip to your store and I will also stop my staff from buying croissants from your store for our business meetings.  You have really dropped your quality and reliability.  It's very sad.  I have a long history of bringing even out of town visitors to your spot and I have to go find other options笑
Wow! It's actually sooooo goood! At first when I heard about the Crookie, I thought it was going to be overwhelmingly sweet and that it was just the bakery's way of capitalizing on the Cronut trend.  However, now that I've actually had one, I completely changed my mind.  It is heavenly!! The "croissant part" really neutralizes the sweetness of the white Oreo filling while giving the pastry a buttery aroma and nice texture.  It was kind of like eating a chocolate croissant but a gajillion times better!!笑
I first came to this place for the crookie, but now I keep coming back for the bread and croissants.

My favorite is the muesli bread which is delicious! It also has raisins in it too! I've also tried the olive foccacia, which was also delicious and smelled fantastic but man the paper bag was like so oily.

The almond croissant are my favorite, they cut a big croissant in half and then put this almond paste in the middle like a sandwich.

The one thing I'd say is they kinda cool. The don't give too much emotion whenever I'm there. Gimme some pleasantries.

With that said, I'll still come back for their bread and croissants!笑
I'm so glad this place is now open seven days a week! (They used to be closed on Monday, like many small businesses on this strip).

I go to Clafouti about three times a week. They make a great latte - the Balzac coffee keeps me coming back. Their tea is ALWAYS the perfect temperature, never too hot. The croissants are excellent. Yes, they are doughy (I have heard complaints that this isn't exactly authentic) but amazing. The Almond croissant is my personal favourite. The broccoli and cheese is a great mini-lunch. They also make sandwiches with their plain croissants and other breads.

The staff is great, and they know what drink to make me before I even order - a great perk as a regular. Service is usually fast. They have recently started serving grilled sandwiches, which must be placed on a grill in the back kitchen. When a customer orders one of these, it slows things down a bit.

Go before noon if you want a croissant. You might even get one before 2. There on the weekend? Better be there before noon. Phone in your order if you want a half-dozen or more; I have seen people filling up bags with dozens. I imagine this is why it seems like they are always out! They don't make everything every day, so getting your favourite is the luck of the draw. 

Bring cash - they don't take debit or credit.笑
Seating is non-existent.  Otherwise, excellent pastries and our brie and turkey sandwich was fantastic.笑
Mushy and lacking flavour is how I would describe a warm Clafouti croissant that just came out of the back.  Even just a tinge of that sort of yucky flavour of the typical grocery store croissants.

I have to give a two to balance off all those other reviews extolling the virtues of these croissants.

I have to admit once the croissants are cooled off they would be quite nice as a sandwich croissant.

Coffee's pretty good.笑
Their Clafouti are to die for. When I lived in the neighborhood, this was the place to bring my daughter after ice-skating because the chocolat au pain was the bribing factor. For myself and lucky guests, I would pick up their Clafouti whenever there was any left. It is a bit pricey (last time I popped by, it was $30 for one that could serve 6-8 guests. The mixed berries is their best, but the pear is nice a well. The custard is sooo light that it doesn't even feel sinful. I've had half of the tart in one sitting before. Their bread is phenomenal. I had the focaccia with herbs and I believe that it has yet to be topped since I named it the bread worth quitting Atkins for (not that I'd ever be able to handle such a torturous diet).笑
Amazing lychee caramel clafouti.  The crust tasted divine and not too dense.  I wish I could eat a lychee clafouti often!笑
I still don't understand the difference between a clafouti and a tart, but the croissants were outstanding at Clafouti!

I arrived around 11:45am on a weekday and they were already sold out of the pain au chocolat. #fail

I had the chicken salad sandwich instead which was delicious! The croissant was truly yummy.

I had the strawberry pomegranate clafouti, which was okay. I don't really know what I expected but, since I'm mostly a chocolate person, I'm probably not the best judge. It was served cold and didn't have much taste. Meh.

Note: Clafouti is, SURPRISE, cash only.笑
Believe all the croissant hype - Clafouti reigns supreme! I'd been in a couple of times during the afternoon, with no croissant to be found (sold out, naturally). Luckily for me, swinging by at 10:30am on a Tuesday I was welcomed by an array of tempting croissants.

According to the friendly lady at the counter, her recommendation was the 'Staff Favourite', the brown sugar and cinnamon croissant. I went for it (despite my urges to indulge in their famous almond croissant). 

Perhaps it was the beautiful sunshine. Perhaps it was the whimsical view of Trinity-Bellwoods. Perhaps it was the quaint bench outside, where I came to rest. Perhaps it was the dog I babysat while his owner snuck into the bakery to indulge. Perhaps it was that damn croissant. Whatever it was, those were the happiest 7 minutes of my day.笑
Clafouti gets 5 stars for taste, and 1 star for business savvy. 

Can someone please explain to me why they refuse to make more croissants throughout the day, even though there is clearly a demand for them? I don't want to get up at 8:30 on a Saturday to make sure I get there in time, and showing up after 9:30 is basically pointless because all the croissants are gone. Please, Clafouti- check your business model! I want to buy your croissants, and so do all the other disappointed people who show up with me. Time to revisit the basic principles of supply and demand.

The fact is, I'm only mad because the croissants are TO DIE FOR. My favourite are the chocolate-almond and the cinnamon sugar. Flaky, buttery, almond-y, chocolate-y...my mouth is watering. I'm off to set my alarm so I can get up at the crack of dawn and be first in line tomorrow.笑
- apparently when you arrive at 10:30am on a saturday, they are sold out of pain au chocolat... and have no interest in making anymore. wtf.
- "we made 100 today, and we're done making them"
- i defaulted to the regular croissant, and it was terrible. loblaws makes better croissants. 
- had high expectations for this place - as it even reminded me a little of france with the 'who gives a shit about the customer' mentality... but it failed. 
- never again.笑
I am a sucker for Euro-style shops and cafes. You know, the kind with the glass counter filled up with fresh looking sandwiches and croissants. Clafouti is exactly this. 

You can take a cold sandy or have them press it hot for you. It's not super cheap, but my pressed mushroom, meats and cheese sandwich was delicious.

Being next to Trinity Bellwoods it is also ideal for some picnic grabs.

And yes, I said sandy...笑
Clafouti is a sweet spot on Queen Street West; it's just the sort of charming, thimble-sized cafe that I love.  Unfortunately the peanut butter and banana croissant sounded a lot better than it turned out to be. The bananas seemed unripe, and the peanut butter was crumbly. The croissant itself, though, was quite good and I'd definitely return for a plain or chocolate version.

Clafouti is cash only so come prepared!笑
What the F do I know about Croissant? I know that the last one I had was more than a year ago using Pillsbury Croissant to make some Croissant Mummies for a Halloween Party.  Croissant doesn't come up on my radar because it's considered a Breakfast item during Breakfast time.

Now that you know my review on Clafouti Croissant can be ignored, just go ahead back to Bed. zzzZZZzz   I have made Puff Pastry before not in the form of a Croissant and being without pastry talent, I usually am easy to impress with most edible Pastries.

It tasted almost Crunchy/Crispy on the exterior rather than Flaky.  What did I just describe?  Some parts of it as I bit off pieces were FLYING off in all directions like if you eat Chips but half at a time and it shatters.  The Buttery flavour itself and the more Doughy/Bready/Chewy element was yummy although might not be within the Classic Croissant context.

Simply said, I like it when it was in my mouth(Flavour) rather than when it was outside(Texture).  At least the Croissant($1.50) was priced reasonably so you can't really lose.  Total 3.5 *Star*笑
Clafouti is a small patisserie and cafe, very, very small. Unfortunately, the layout is quite terrible and I missed out on buying a few items because I simply didn't see them until I was on my way out!!

First place in the city I've seen mango macarons! My sandwich was so good with goat cheese, grilled vegetables and walnuts. I ate a pistachio macaron on the way home, while it was delicious, big and chewy (apparently Nadege isn't the best) it lacked the flavour of pistachios. Hopefully it was just an oversight and not the way their macarons are usually flavoured. The mango is definitely mango-y!

I'm a satisfied customer here. I can't wait to come back on my next day off and take my sandwich to Trin-Bel!笑
Absolutely the best croissants and pain au chocolat in the city. No better way to start your day than with a Balzac's latte and a fig croissant!

Their namesake treat, the Clafouti, is also excellent (it's a tart/pudding-ish dessert with lots of embedded whole berries). And I can't forget - their gourmet sandwiches are also quite tasty - interesting tastes with fresh ingredients.

If you can't get there in person regularly then buy in bulk and freeze your tasty treats (croissants actually freeze quite well and if you buy 6 you can avoid the GST!).

And yes, the good stuff sells out fast - so go early - at least before 10AM on weekends (but please leave the last croissant for me ;-)

Just doing my bit to maintain Clafouti's well deserved high rating! Keep the buttery yummies flowing...笑
Cream clafouti is OK but otherwise, the croissants are absolutely strange.  The butter croissants looks like brioches -- muffins, and the plain croissants are just pie crusts in a triangle shape.  There are some interesting clafouti i.e., lychee caramel but not a hit
at all especially the croissants!  And i don't care about crookies.  
Buy yourself a box of Oreos.笑
cool place. i dig how they've got the croissants in the baskets for self-serve. makes me just wanna run in and snatch the entire basket, get a gallon (ops, i mean a liter) of milk and stuff my face. haha  word!笑
I've probably walked past this place a million times. Each time I do, I'm generally thinking about caving in on eating healthy and biting into one of their delicious almond croissants! Soft, flaky, and buttery to the touch, I'm drooling a bit on my shirt just thinking about it.

They have a variety of other baked pastries, sandwiches, as well as other random food items on the shelves. To be honest, I only come for one thing though.... the goods.笑
I had the turkey & brie sandwich and a tea. Had I ventured furthered inside, I would have discovered the deliciously seductive French pastries lining the window display. My sandwich made for a satisfying lunch (~$8).  I stayed for over an hour reading my book and no one gave me grief. Bear in mind, there are only 3 2-person tables inside!

I will return next time to taste those French delicacies and the butter croissants people are raving about!笑
Hands down the most incredible croissants I've had in Toronto and probably since France. Absolute buttery perfection with a flaky, shattering outside and a soft, chewy inside. I used to work around the corner and if I had time in the morning, I'd slide in and get one of these perfect croissants and an amazing americano to enjoy at my desk. Co- workers were jealous, indeed!笑
I was walking along in the neighbourhood, saw this place from the park and decided to check it out. I walked in and my eyes were drawn to the Crookie! I had heard about these beauties a few weeks ago  but didn't really pay attention to where I could get one. So imagine my surprise when I just randomly stumbled upon them. I picked one up and skipped along to the park to try it out. I will say that I'm not a huge fan of croissants. I don't dislike them, but I never order one at a cafe. *for those of you who don't know what a Crookie is, it's a croissant stuffed with crushed Oreos and plenty of the soft white centre, topped with half of an oreo*

When I took my first bite, I think my jaw dropped. My second bite? I was completely sold. This might just be the best dessert I've ever had. It actually fairly heavy because of all the Oreos inside. Seriously, try one immediately. You won't be sorry.笑
After hearing for at least a year about how amazing Clafouti is, I finally made it over in the morning to try it out.

We arrived not long after 9 am (could have been 9:15), and I ordered a coffee and a croissant. The coffee while ok, was slightly bitter and way too hot.

The croissant was incredibly disappointing. Not flaky at all, with the texture of dinner roll - chewy and dense, it was definitely at least a day-old. No buttery texture here. What a letdown.笑
When I was sick of all the normal breakfast food in my house, I decided to venture out into the great culinary hodge-podge that is Queen West. I had always seen tons of young Toronto hipsters leaving this locale with yummy smelling coffee and brown bags filled with French goodies. So I decided to see what all the hype was about. 

If you can't afford a trip to France for some fine European Cuisine - stop in Clafouti for the next best thing. Their signature treat, Clafouti, is a flan with wild berries. They also serve a selection of other fruit tarts, like raspberry, apricot, apple, lemon, etc.  If you think you're able to get out of the store without eating everything you purchase, you must pick up some pain au chocolate, croissants and breads. 

They also have a line of sandwiches at lunchtime, and I was fortunate enough to try the mouth-watering tomato bocconcini pesto baguette. The cheese was fresh and soft and delicious and the tomatoes were sweet and succulent. Their latte was the perfect zing I needed to get me up in the morning and the aroma of the drink filled my whole house. The prices are pretty good too, and best of all you won't have to try and remember all that grade nine French!笑
Very good almond croissants. The butter croissant is also perfect as snack or a quick breakfast. Cash or debit only.笑
If I had to compile a top-10 of things I miss about living in Toronto,
picking up a croissant and a coffee from French patisserie Clafouti and devouring them, along with a book, under a tree across the street in Trinity-Bellwoods Park would be near the forefront of the list. 

Get there early to snag a melt-in-your-mouth croissant, the best I've ever had, or try the pain au chocolat, similar to a croissant but slightly heavier and filled with, obviously, chocolate. If you're in the mood for a treat, their eclairs are absolutely divine, or try a clafouti, a delicate, baked custard-and-fresh-fruit pastry.

Clafouti also carries a selection of sandwiches and salads; my personal favourite was always the turkey and brie on a croissant topped with a saskatoon preserve.

Don't plan to sit in; there's, like, 2 tables and they're almost always filled. There's a bench outside, though, and there's always the beautiful park.笑
I read online about clafouti and their well known crookie and croissants, so I felt I had to stop by and grab one since I was in the area. Unfortunately, I was not that impressed with their croissants or the crookie. 

The croissants were not flaky or crispy at all. It was very chewy and soft, like bread, not how I would like my croissants. It wasn't a melt in your mouth type of feeling (which are the croissants I like more). 

I also wasn't impressed with the Crookie. It's basically oreo in a croissant. I think I would have enjoyed it more if the base (croissant) tasted better. 

I also got the almond chocolate croissant. That one was pretty good, with the chocolate and almond paste in the middle, but I still didn't like the fact that my croissant wasn't flaky at all. 

Overall, I've had better croissants elsewhere, and I don't think I'd come back for croissants.笑
No. Just no.

Just like other reviews, I heard a lot of positive things about this place so I decided to try it out. The first time I came here, they ran out of chocolate croissants. However, I was in the neighbourhood strolling through Trinity Bellwoods, and I came across Clafouti once again so I popped inside to see if they had any chocolate croissants left and I got lucky. 

I bought 2 immediately. Yeah...bad choice... should have tasted it first then decide to buy another one because damn I wasted my money. These croissants were so dissapointing and just tasted overall bitter. It literally tasted bitter. The price was okay since it was bigger than most croissants, but damn there was hardly any chocolate inside and the texture was not the usual flaky outside and chewy inside. It was more (Like most people have already said, bread-like) which just wasn't my style.

Sorry guys.笑
Your low-carb diet has no power here.  This place will break the most religious gluten-free dieter.

Croissant-gasm.  Totally unfair.  The devil in the form of flaky tenderness.
Shudder.

Come early, people are pigs.笑
My sister and I ventured over to Clafouti for the sole purpose of trying their Crookies. Personally, I think they are much better than the infamous cronuts (although I've only had "imitation cronuts" and not the real deal).

When we arrived at the shop there was a bit of a line up that snaked out the door. Considering Clafouti is a small store we were not discouraged by this line. The service was pretty good as we did not wait too long for someone to take our order and the staff were nice and efficient and we got everything we ordered (crookies!), no problems.

This bakery is known for their croissants and cookies so I did not expect anything less than amazing from this glorious creation of an Oreo stuffed croissant. The verdict: they did not disappoint. The croissant was fresh, a little flaky, and not too buttery but a good flavour balance to the sweet, sweet oreo cookies that were jammed inside. It tasted similar to a chocolate croissant (with additional oreo cream filling of course) and definitely something I would recommend for someone with a sweet tooth. 

Overall, I had a great experience at this store. I thought the service was excellent and I really enjoyed the crookies. As a fan of chocolate and junk food I would definitely rate this treat as something that is unhealthy but unbelievably tasty. I plan on returning to this bakery in the near future to try their cookies/croissants (not stuffed inside each other though, separately next time).笑
On a recent sunny tuesday afternoon I stopped in with my family for some baked goods but had forgotten about their stance on plastic cash. My wife and two children waited out front for me as I ran down the street to retrieve some cash. When I returned a few minutes later the doors was locked. We knocked on the window and the clerk unlocked the door to explain they were now closed. It was 5:02 (they close at 5:00 on tuesdays). Unable to fathom that a clerk who had sent me walking to find cash for a purchase, let alone with family standing outside of premises, we left confused and dejected. 
The only thing that explains this is a level of arrogance and dislike for the consumer. Even Tim Hortons has dabbled and accepted some digital means of payment. How can a business in this modern era not accept that varied methods of payment is actually convenient and respectful of their customers? The clerk claimed it was because they got busy on the weekend and it would just slow their service even more. My response to this is to just not accept this form of payment during rush periods. A few years ago they were the only croissant around. With more options in the neighborhood this absurd stance has driven me away completely.笑
I had their croissant.  It was not fresh.  Outer shell was moist.  I had their crookie too.  No big deal.  Didn't care for it.笑
Techinically, I never really went in this store. I always pick up their crossiants from Pusateri's. The almond crossiant is a perfcet weekend breakfast笑
Although the croissant are some of the best in the city, I hardly think it's worth the trip to this cafe to see a wall of empty wooden boxes.  Sure, they'll have some clafouti left- the indulgent pie-like eggy treats. But, we come here for the bread and as others have said, after 10am you'll end up leaving empty handed.  I've had the vegetarian croque madame here once, which was something I have craved again ever since. MAKE MORE CROISSANT!笑
Quaint (little) shop with an assortment of baked goods, sandwiches, coffees, and other drinks. It's a little pricey - but tasty.

I had a pulled-pork/avocado sandwich (served cold) and a bottled water to have across the street in the park. It was a pleasant experience - they could improve the product by using bread that doesn't taste like a white/bread chewy dinner roll from Swiss Chalet (you know the type).

Three acceptable but you could do better PATS

patpatpat

ttyn,

-PAT笑
Clafouti is my "go to" bakery whenever I'm spending the day at Trinity Bellwoods. 

Their croissants are always great. My favourite is the almond croissant. The chocolate croissants are really good too. There are also great lunch options with various croissant sandwiches. Their baked goods are also reasonably priced compared to other bakeries.

There isn't much seating in the cafe but who needs seating when you have a park close by? This is a great place to drop in and grab something on the go.笑
I've been "hearing" ( reading on yelp) so much about this place and its delicious croissants that I just had to have one and see if they really were worth all the hype. 

We came here on a beautiful morning, and it was still early enough that when we arrived there was still a good amount of croissants and pain au chocolat left. 

In addition to the croissants and Clafouti they also have croissant sandwiches (chicken Dijon, turkey and brie, tomato,basil and cheese, etc...), and croissants with cinnamon and brown sugar, fig, peanut butter and chocolate, almond, almond and chocolate,and a few more that I cannot recall at this moment. What I do remember however is that everything in here looked absolutely delicious. 

We decided to get a couple of the butter croissants, a cinnamon and brown sugar croissant and a pain au chocolat, as well as a couple of lattes. We took our purchase to Trinity Bellwoods sat down on a bench and indulged. 

The butter croissants had a nice shell to them, and a buttery but maybe too chewy inside. They were very good, but I would have liked them to be more flaky and less chewy. The pain au chocolat was meh. I didn't particularly enjoy it, however the cinnamon and brown sugar croissant was absolutely, frigging delicious! I loved it! It was worth every single one of the billion hip creeping calories I'm sure it had. The coffee was good, but not particularly so. All in all, I was satisfied with the croissants and can't wait to try the almond or fig ones. 

We were later meeting up with my bf's mom for lunch at her place so we decided to take her a croissant so she could try it. She said it was a bit soggy, and from looking at it, I could tell she was right. I guess these are better eaten fresh and don't do well when taken for a walk in the park before consuming. I'll remember that next time I buy some to take home. :)笑
my favourite on a sunday morning.. yummy and warm croissants! The coffee is subpar笑
First of all, this place only inconveniently offers cash or debit. So we went back to get credit card, by the time my partner was back, we received our cold coffees on our arrival. We went and sat outside; which had a very uneven table.  We spilt all of our coffees.  I then proceeded to tell the male worker behind the counter who did not even offer to remake our coffees. After our meal, I told him that if would have been polite on his part to remake our coffees. He did remake one of the coffees however did it rather impolitely.  He was being extremely loud behind the counter with the dishes and served our coffee with attitude. Never coming back. Croissant was also dry.笑
Simply the best croissant place in Toronto!

A very small and cozy bakery located on the far west side of Queen street that always sell out of its yummy croissants before closing. 

The size of the croissant is daintier than most of the "American-size" ones we see out there, but one is enough to satiate your cravings.  I usually go for the classic croissant but last time I ventured their fig croissant and feta and cheese croissant - equally as good.  

Their shrimp and avocado croissant sandwich cannot be missed either. All in all folks, hands down for Claufoti *woot woot*.   

I suggest you try their latte as well, as it is served interestingly in a small bowl instead of a cup and full of flavor. 

Let me know if you share the same appreciation once you try this place out.

Cheerios!笑
I was so psyched to try this place's croissants having read so many raves about it. I was checking out blogto's croissant rankings and this was no 1. and the reviews seemed to back everything up. Heres the list:
http://www.blogto.com/toronto/the_best_croissant_in_toronto/

I'm not sure if it's me, but their croissants were not good at all. The chocolate croissant I had had a very chewy texture to it like having a cinnamon roll. The hot chocolate was substandard, like something you make at home with powder nesquik or carnation. Which I found weird considering the amount of time it took to prepare it. If this is how it is made in France, like most reviews have claimed, then I find no reason to actually go there for patisserie.

Because of this disappointment, hours after, I went to the no. 2 ranked place Jules Cafe Patisserie and found it to be better by a mile. To satisfy the hot chocolate craving I went to SOMA at the distillery as well and finally had some real good hot chocolate.

Let me note that I still find Bonjour Brioche to be my fave croissant place and there are a few more not far behind.

its been brought to my attention that blogto doesnt really rank stuff (thanks Kat F.) which makes perfect sense because how can be clafouti be ranked no. 1笑
After reading a glowing review on BlogTO, I was disappointed to find stale and awfully chewy croissants. However, coffee was good and the place was cute.笑
I went in for the crookie, and it was better than I expected.  The place is cozy, with maybe 4 or 5 chairs inside and 2 tables outside, but there's a great park across the street to enjoy your baked goods.  Take a stroll down Queen West and check this place out.  I'm sure you'll find something you like.笑
Kind of dingy.  Came here for the sandwiches and the oreo croissant... oreo croissant is quite good but everything else is sub par.笑
I discovered Clafouti back in the early 2000's and I loved the Euro-vibe of the place and loved the pain au chocolat and strong, freshly brewed coffee. But the namesake clafouti's are delicious to bring for a dinner party too!笑
Hadn't been in a few years, was happy to see that it was now open on Mondays. Yesterday afternoon I decided to drop in for old times sake.
Wished I could report that it was everything that I remembered, unfortunately the service was beyond terrible. Got an eye roll when I stepped to the counter and felt that I was being served by a surly grounded teen rather than a professional. He was in such a rush to resume small talk with another staffer (lounging against the back bar) that he practically threw my order at me without so much as a thank you.
 
But at least I got what I came for, or so I thought. The pastry was much chewier that the flakey, buttery, morsels that made this place such a destination a few years back.

Probably will not return. Sad really.笑
I had heard great things about the crookie and was excited to go and finally try one. Unfortunately, to my disappointment the crookie was stale. Very disappointed considering all the hype. My friend had the chocolate croissant and it was just okay. I was also surprised to discover that they don't have wifi. I would not be coming back here for croissants in the future.笑
Do you love croissants so much you would dive into a bunch of them, mouth open *to let your tastebuds experience deliciousness*, arms out wide *to help scoop the magical, buttery goodness in close to your mouth*, nostrils flaring *to let that savoury freshly baked smell flow up, and into your nose* ???
If that's how much you love croissants...then WATCH OUT! You might just hurt someone diving through their front door, cause I guarantee that's the first thing you'll want to do after you try one from Clafouti.
I bought one, wait, I bought 2 for me and a friend. I took them to his place and...
scrambled some eggs, pulled a couple of slices of prosciutto from the fridge, a handful of baby spinach, and of course sliced spiced cheese *Havarti, to be detailed enough for ya*  Smack that goodness in the middle of those croissants and you have yourself... a glorious, mouth watering burst of multiple flavours just melting in your yapper with your tastebuds begging for more.  Oh ya! 
Then I grabbed a few more croissants for some co-workers. I picked up a few almond croissants and fig croissants (oh god the fig croissants are indescribably good)

Ok, so, the only thing you need to know is YOU MUST GO THERE! Try it at least once. Push though all the yuppy, wanna be hipsters, who try to hard, on Queen street and get your sweet croissant loving A** in there! You won't make it to the park ACROSS THE STREET to eat it...trust me. Just eat it on Queen! 

LIVE IT LOVE IT!笑
Clafouti is one of my favourite places in the city.  They make croissants worth killing someone over.  Their Pain au Chocolate in particular is absolutely amazing.  The only problem with the shop is that their stuff sells out far too quickly.  If you don't make it to the store before 10:00-11:00 you're probably not going to get a lot of the pastries they sell.  Their croissant sandwiches are also great.  This place is a real gem.

The shop is very small, so it's best suited for take out.笑
the staff i've interacted with have all been nice. avoid the regular croissant - it's as bad as a supermarket one. the chocolate croissant was better, but there are other places for better. the other croissants with different fillings looked like they could be promising but i haven't tried them. i'd likely save my money for croissants and go further (Patisserie 27 further west is good)笑
One of the most charming, elegant, and incredibly edibly Queen West bastions of yumminess, I would lay prostate on the pavement for one of their freshly baked butter croissants and a cup of their amazing Lavazza coffee.  I would gladly be up in the early morning to make sure I get my share of their kitchen's magic before it's all gone.  I would pitch a tent outside their front door to scoop handfulls of their fresh custardly, freshly berried, fresh freshliness clafouti tarts.  

And then I would laugh as I stick my tongue out at Igor's former bicycle theft shop that's a few doors down.  But I digress.  

It's tiny, but that only adds to its charm: get your treat and walk through the park across the street.  Plan ahead and go there in the morning to wake your lover with lusciousness in bed.  And if you actually do get there when a table is available, enjoy that newspaper and the lovely street view for as long as you can, baby.笑
Clafouti has the best crossaints in Toronto, bar none. They are so popular, you have to get there early on a weekend if you want a choice, but whatever you choose, know it will be delicious. I have tried the raspberry, butter and fig crossaints and all were so buttery, rich and delicious. 
These croissants are nt your $1 ones, they are more like $2.50 each, but soooo good.
So, don't be upset if your first choice croissant is not available. The fruit filled ones are all good, and they have chocolate too! The clafoutis look amazing. I have yet to try them.笑
Having read about the crookie in a NY Times article, I wanted to check out this French cafe! Very quaint and I thought that I was sitting in a Paris neighborhood. The cappucino was excellant and the crookie was amazing. A mix of a croissant and oreo cookie, it was creative and nice. This place was great for people watching as well. Would certainly go back! 

Dont forget to stock up on the Les Anis de Flavigny French candy! Amazing.