Everytime I go by Chinatown I HAVE to stop by here. Their pulled noodles are seriously so bomb. My go-tos are always the braised beef noodles and the jjajang (dry) noodles. The food here is seriously 5/5 and the price is very reasonable. Only reason why its not 5 stars for me is that the restaurant itself is kind of run down and the boss lady was pretty rude. (I heard she even got into an argument with my friend's mom once). But who knows, chances are you'll be served by one of their part-time waitresses and the experience will be A-OK. 

TLDR: its definitely still worth a try at least.笑
Noodles made in front of you, lots of delicious options off of the lunch or regular menu.  Good food, good prices.  Hard to argue with that!笑
Delicious. Great broth. Fast and cheap.

I had the bbq porc noodles and a scallion pancake. Both were amazing. 

What I liked most about this place is that there is a guy making the noodles right in front of everyone. Very fresh.笑
To be honest, we were very happy with the food at first. The dry noodles were very tasty and it was great to see the chef make the noodles from scratch. 

But unfortunately, our experience ended on a horrible note or lets just say rat noise running above our heads. As I know it may be common to have rats in Chinatown, hearing them so close and seeing the ceiling moving did cut my appetite for probably a few days.笑
A wonderful find in Montreal Chinatown. I have passed by this place before when in the area but I never stopped for a meal here. I was craving a yummy, warm soup in the midst of freezing weather. The restaurant is down quite a few steps, so it isn't extremely accessible. Decor is basic, yet modern. This place gets very crowded during lunchtime, so come early. The menu is great, featuring a large selection of noodle soups and bowls, as well as a few entrees and appetizers. All of their noodles are handpulled which you could watch through their clear window to the kitchen. Prices are extremely reasonable, so I would recommend trying appetizers along with the soup. We started with their dumplings, which came with 12 to a serving. While they weren't as amazing as competitors who specialize in dumplings, these were yummy. There was nothing wrong with them; they were juicy, thin, and filled with tender filling. We also got the dumplings in peanut sauce, which were fantastic. The skin was so thin and the dumpling absorbed the peanut flavor well. I got the (not spicy) beef noodle soup. The noodles were incredible, not too thick, perfectly cooked, and incredibly juicy. The beef was flavorful and tender, and the broth was spectacular, although it tasted more like a chicken broth than a beef broth. Their chicken noodle soup is yummy and has a slight Asian twist to a classic. Their rice and noodle bowls are also worth it, but the soups provide the full experience.笑
Love it! My kids love it! 

fresh hand-pulled noodles (right where you can see!) added to broth of your choice with toppings. fresh and affordable food while on vacation! i stayed at the Holiday Inn in Montreal's chinatown and it was easily walkable to Nudo for dinner.笑
Probably a great spot ... if you're not vegetarian.

Only two veggie entree options on the menu: noodle soup and noodle bowl. The soup broth is fragrant and tasty. In the bowl you get a pile of noodles and barely any veggies: a pinch of shredded carrot, a pinch of pickled something else, and a single, tiny, almost cute bok choy. So unless you've come to carb up before a marathon, the meal isn't healthy or satisfying.

And, no, they don't have tofu.

They have veggie options, so that's something. But when there are so many other good veggie options out there, why bother.笑
While the place is pretty dark and shabby looking, our noodles were really good. Clearly hand pulled and delicious. I felt a little bad for the server though. She brought us the wrong thing at first, and appeared to be the only waitress. I think she was stressed out being there by herself, but she did her best to serve us efficiently, so I can't fault her personally. Someone showed up a little later so perhaps the other server was on break. I would return because the food was good enough to outweigh any shortcomings.笑
I thought I had pretty good exposure to this style of Taiwanese food coming from D.C., but I was clearly wrong. 

This is absolutely next level. I just had the scallion pancake and then beef brisket soup. 

The scallion pancake is perfectly done. Light and crispy on the outside like it's supposed to be. Also thin. The one I've had previously was thicker and lacked that crispiness. 

The soups and noodles. I think it would convince Lo Pan to give up his quest for the green eyed women. Never had hand rolled noodles before and so these are the best noodles I've ever had bar none. The brisket was flavorful and soft, almost melting in your mouth. Just the right amount of spice in the broth. 

Just delicious. Vive la Montreal.笑
Nudo is a big restaurant good for groups. It has an odd dilapidated feel to it as it is neither pretentious nor fancy. It almost feels like you're eating in a cafeteria set up with tables and chairs. 
Nonetheless, the food is delicious. For starters, the wood ear mushroom is great as well as the scallion pancakes. The pot stickers could have been seared a bit longer to get a crispier outside. The hand-pulled noodles are a must. The soy pork noodles with an egg were delicious. The broth was flavourful and savoury. The pork was a bit too salty for me, but it was expected as it is flavoured with soy sauce.
The one downside to Nudo is that the service is kind of slow. We had to hail our server often to take orders, ask for things, etc. They were just a bit understaffed. Still, I definitely recommend Nudo for some authentic Chinese noodles/food.笑
Kimchi was underwhelming to compare: store bought is actually fermented and more flavorful.
Pork ears were very tasty. The wongtong soups was okay.

It is a Monday night and they are lacking staff. They are good servers. However, it took over 40 minutes and not all of the salades arrived. 

They don't have drinks on the menu. Only soft drink and water.

In the end, there noodles and broth are great!!!笑
I was a bit scared when I arrived at 1pm on a Monday to find exactly 1 other person in the restaurant. I was cold and wanted soup, though, so I stuck it out. Glad I did, as a few more people eventually showed up and my braised beef noodle soup was quite yummy. The broth was very flavorful and the noodles were filling and had a nice texture. The service was super fast and smiley. The only cons were that some of the beef pieces were on the tough side and I was expecting a little more spice to the soup, but I wouldn't hesitate to eat there again.笑
Finally real Chinese pulled noodles made by a Chinese guy that pulls and stretches a lump of dough right before your eyes.

While the menu is small and simple as others have mentioned, I'm happy to see that they've stuck to what they're good at. The last thing Montreal needs is another Asian restaurant offering up General Tao's chicken and Pad Thai. 

You won't be disappointed with the noodles, which is good since they don't cook anything else. They deliver a nice size portion of noodles with a reasonable amount of meat to top them off. In a surprising treat, you get a small appetizer before your meal arrives, and it's actually really good.

The interior is just awkward. I've never seen more than a half dozen patrons at any one time, yet the place is huge. It doesn't look or feel like a small noodle shop, it feels much more like a hotel banquet room. Being in a basement without any windows certainly doesn't help, but at least it's clean. 

The institutional atmosphere isn't the type of place to bring a date, but for a quick lunch or dinner it's a great alternative to the countless Pho restaurants lining the street.笑
Best cheap Chinese noodle I had in Montreal, And I've been living here for about 20 years now.

Same management as Yuki Ramen at Faubourg. 

Update: 
I give it 4 stars now instead of 5. The braised beef noodle that I ordered the second time I was here was just  mediocre. The entry/side dishes are a bit on the small side.

The clear broth beef noodle is still excellent though.笑
Food was really not good, it had no flavor and was bland. I had plenty of noodle dishes in my time, but this had to of been one of the worst. Skip this place and go check out another noodle shop.笑
You can't beat handmade/hand-pulled noodles.
The broth in the braised beef noodle soup is very hearty and rich, noodles are chewily dense, beef is melt-in-your-mouth tender. The chive pancakes were delicious and quite thin and crispy (they seemed almost deep-fried), but the cucumber salad was just okay because several pieces were a bit mushy.
Restaurant is located downstairs from the street; decor is pretty basic. Definitely come for the noodle soup - the noodles alone are worth it!笑
Un autre endroit pas cher et tout à fait recommandable dans le quartier chinois.  Les nouilles sont très bonnes, même si je les ai trouvées un peu en deçà de celles qu'on mange aux Nouilles de Lan Zhou.   Le bouillon de la soupe, par contre, est vraiment trop fade à mon goût.  Mieux vaut aller du côté des nouilles sans soupe, dont l'assaisonnement est très agréable et bien balancé.  Mon plat de nouilles au porc BBQ était une véritable aubaine pour 7,50$!  Les entrées et à-côtés sont variés et peu chers.  Nous avons bien aimé la crêpe aux échalotes, croustillante à souhait, les kimchis, délicieusement épicés, et avons été heureux d'essayer les plus exotiques oreilles de porc (que je ne recommande pas, sauf si vous aimez croquer dans du cartilage froid).笑
Great fast noodles like in china. Don't expect a 5 course, meal, but the noodles are fresh and tasty.笑
if you are looking for authentic Chinese food, this is the place.    I have tried several restaurants in Chinatown but found others taste more "fusion" than authentic.
I ordered several small dishes, great price and goes well with the pulled noodles.  
If you enjoy noodles, I would highly recommend this place.笑
Good solid food. Two lunch specials gets you more than two people can comfortably eat for less than twenty bucks.

Standing in the middle of Chinatown, I hopped on Yelp to see if any of the restaurants stood out. Glad we tried Nudo!笑
Much more delecious hongshao beef noodles than the one which is near jialefu笑
Freakin' delicious. My mouth is watering just thinking back about this place.

Arrived in Montreal very late and this was one of the few places open. So glad we came! 

Noooooodlllesssss!!! They make their own noodles! 
When you first enter the place, the first thing you will see on the right is a window to their kitchen. There you can watch them massage and string noodles upon noodles! It was really neat to watch. 

Now let's get to the food...

Please get their BRAISED PORK NOODLE SOUP! The meat was so tender and the broth was so mouthwatering. My husband got BBQ pork and rice which was delicious too! We also got spring rolls and scallion pancake. I finished it all. 

I wish this place was in my hometown. I'd frequent it every single week!笑
Décor désuet. Nous n'étions pas entourés de touriste ce qui est bon signe après tout.

Très bonne nourriture. Won ton et rouleaux en entrées. Sésame, boeuf BBQ comme repas. 2 sur 3 n'avons pas fini nos plats, ils sont généreux dans leurs portions. Une belle découverte mais je n'y retournerais probablement pas. 

Le prix.... Très bas... 14$ pourboire inclus笑
Good food , overall experience is good. The noodles are made in house in front of you through a big window display. That was pretty cool, the food came fast and accurate. Soup is delicious, noodle is soft yet tender , however the big chunk of beef is a little chewy even for me. That is the reason I can not call it a perfect experience . But the overall presentation and the quality of the food is great!笑
Absolutely excellent. I ordered beef dry noodles, which were thick and chewy, and so fresh! The beef was also very fresh, even though we went quite late in the evening. My order came with a side of broth as well, which I was thankful for when I needed a little more moisture to mi everything around in. Very delicious, and huge portions.

Waitress was nothing but nice, even in the packed restaurant. Watching the chef make the noodles right where you come in is super novel and fun too.笑
Lol, wtf. Did Russell Peters name this place or what? Seriously though, amazing amazing noodles, hand-pulled by guys behind a glass wall near the front entrance. They were so firm and elastic, like chewy, delicious rubber bands. 

I got noodles in a savory broth with braised beef, bok choy and pickled vegetables. The beef was tender and tendon-y, and very flavorful. The spicy soups are not at all spicy, but there is ample hot sauce at the tables. Really, all the components of noodle soup were done well. It's just that everything else paled in comparison to the noodles.

If you are ever in Montreal, don't eat just anywhere. You save yo dola until you have eight dola. Then you take yo eight dola and get yo nudo at Nudo. Do the right thing.

Oh a final note: they were showing anime with full frontal nudity on all their TVs. It wasn't sexual, but you might prefer take-out if you have small children or something.笑
Wife and I had some later dinner here in the downstairs, sunken seating area. Outdated decor and furniture. Menu was extensive. We both enjoyed our meal thoroughly though with the freshly made noodles as the highlight. Our service was also very good. Prices lower. Ambiance  could use some work.笑
The place is convenient and lots of tables there and the waiters were quite friendly.

When it comes to food, it was a total disaster. Initially I was in a great mood for rice but the waiter suggested noodle rather rice because "NUDO" is famous for noodles and thus I opt for noodle instead.

Although the noodles were hand made, they were worse than mediocre and not at all chewy. I feel like that the noodle tasted like instant noodle. And the texture of pulled chicken was just like rubber and the broth was tasteless. Of course $7.75 for such mediocre noodle was unacceptable. This is the restaurant that I would never ever come again.笑
Love, Love, Love this place! 

Watching the chef pulling fresh Chinese-style ramen will never, ever get old! I've come back twice (in like 2 days apart) because the food was just too good! 

I ordered the pulled chicken ramen (hot with soup) and also ordered sides like the potato salad and pickled radish and the potato salad was delicious (not to mention totally, completely worth the price). 

Just writing this review makes me want to go back for more! The insides are a bit bare, so don't expect a luxury decor, but then again, for this place, I really am only in it for the food!笑
Their noodle soups are actually really good. We ordered the beef shank and pork rib ones and both had a great cook on the meat and the soup was well seasoned. We didn't like the scallion pancake. It was a disappointment because it was deep fried and very little flavour. Overall we had a good meal.笑
Woah!

Really really delicious place! It's a treat to watch them make the hand pulled noodles. Try the shallot pancake as a starter - it's crispy and yummy!

The food is 5 stars but the restaurant itself is quite bare and the service is no-frills. 

Warning to vegetarians: the noodle soup is with a chicken broth.笑
Les nouilles sont fraîches faites sur place /// Noodles are fresh made here !笑
Walked out , very unpleasant staff, refused to apply offer from the my piece mobile application笑
Dense, chewy noodles hand-pulled right in front of you as you walk in, and they aren't stingy on the portions either! Had the pulled chicken in broth with an enormous helping of noodles, baby bok choy, pickled veg, green onions and napa; broth was aromatic and tasted delicious, especially with a dash of hot oil. Beef shank was also delicious and the broth had a nice anise aroma to it.

Bubble tea was standard powdered fare and there's not much atmosphere (TVs, card tables, spotted a mouse) but who cares when the food is this good and this cheap and runs late at night...笑
I just want to preface this review with:

1) it was a late night find
2) we had been drinking prior
3) we had not so good dining experiences in Montreal prior
4) I'm from Houston where food is really good

Having said that, we ordered at least 7 dishes and everything was good. We had soup dumplings, stir fry noodles, duck, mayonnaise shrimp, and some other stuff (did I mention we were tipsy?)

The prices were reasonable and the service was pretty good, except they tried to trick us when it came to paying. Make sure you have Canadian money, because you will get overcharged if you come with USD.笑
I generally avoid places like these, I tend to like burgers,  fries,  pizza,  wings and all thst fatty fried goodness. My girlfriend loves Asian cuisine, and finding a good hand pulled noodle establishment in New York that is authentic and priced reasonably is next to impossible. In a attempt to Convince her to let me go to cafe cleopatra after,  I without hesitation went into Nudo. I ordered the sesame pulled chicken noodle bowl and WOW. I was shocked. I seriously have been missing out on amazing food this whole time.  They make the noodles in the front with a visible kitchen so you get the full experience. The chicken was fresh PULLED chicken with an amazing glaze sauce.  I added spicy sauce for flavor.  For 8 dollars you grt a fresh and authentic feast. 

Highly recommend笑
Great dumplings, friendly staff, and good prices. The dumplings and noodles are handmade.笑
I had the lunch special: pulled chicken. The portions are massive and it's super tasty. It's also really cheap and our server was very attentive. Definitely try this restaurant out if you're near Chinatown.笑
Not a bad Chinese and Taiwanese place. The servers are a bit slow and awkward. The beef shank dry noodle and beef shank soup noodle dishes were very flavorful. The chicken dumplings were not that great however.笑
I ordered a "dry" dish to go, and I was thankful it came with some soup, because I found that the dish really needed it. The soup broth was quite tasty, and the 4-star rating is influenced by how I liked the broth so much that I drank the rest plain when I was done the noodles. 

Also, my server deserved a mention for spending the time explaining the menu and the different choices to me without rushing. I appreciate it! 

All in all, the food was good, as was watching the noodle pulling exhibition.笑
Good place for something quick and cheap. 

This restaurant is located in the basement of a building. There is street parking along both sides and the entrance to the restaurant is from the streets.

They offer a small menu but have extremely quick service. They have really cheap side dishes that are pretty good. Their noodle dishes here are ok.All noodles are freshly made everyday. You can see the chefs make your noodle through the open kitchen.

Their dumplings are pretty good. Hot and freshly steamed when ordered. 

Overall, decent place笑
The fresh noodles are magnificent. An exceptional value, you should spring for the extra noodles if you're feeling hungry. I'm only in town for the week, but I'll likely be back! (Don't go for the decor, or the drinks, there aren't any, but definitely go for the noodles.)笑
So much fun to watch them make the noodles in the kitchen while you wait. I wish I'd known it was cash only before going though. Spring rolls were tasty and crispy and well worth the $2.50 and the pulled chicken dry noodle was absolutely amazing. Lots of people at the resturant did not delay service one bit.笑
Was seated and waited for 15-20 minutes without even water brought to the table, much less having our order taken. We got up and left.笑
The restaurant is in the basement level which can be somewhat off-putting but don't be deterred.   

Once downstairs you'll see a plexi-glass window and behind it an individual make noodles by repeatedly stretching the dough.  Not being of oriental descent this was new to me.

The end result is a great bowl of noodle for a really good price, $8-$9.  I had the dry noodles with beef shank.  The shank was melt in your mouth.  One thing about the beef shank though is it contains cartilage which I wasn't really that fond of.  When I'm back in Montreal we'll definitely come here again but I'll probably play it safe and have have chicken.  My GF had the soup version which she really liked indicated the broth was very tasty. 

This is a cash only operation.   All and all a nice experience.笑
On a romantic trip to Montreal with my husband, and after a long 4 and a half hour car trip we were tired, run down and chilly, we needed to warm up so I searched for a noodle place near our hotel I found the yelp reviews for Nudo and decided to head there. 

 The place is easy to find, with a large over head sign on the street. The decor is nothing great, its banquet chairs and cheap tables, however you don't come here for the decor you come here for the noodles!  Oh the noodles! 

I ordered the wet nooodles with vegetables,  my husband the dry noodles with seasme chicken.   Wow!  To quote my husband 'noodles are now ruined for me, these are the best!'

The eats are great and they are affordable for a filling dinner with hot tea, and an appetizer on a Friday night after tip it was only 30$.  We left full and satisfied! 

Do not hesitate to go here for noodles.笑
I always go there for their hand pulled noodles. I only order the #5, with added spicy oil. So so good!笑
Wow! Finally authentic hand pulled noodles that makes your mouth water.

Today I had a craving for noodles and then decided to go have lunch at Nudo. Right at the entrance you are instantly faced with an open kitchen and can see behind the glass panels, a couple of master noodle makers busy at their task, preparing one bowl of goodness at the time - fascinating. The setting of this restaurant is extremely simple but the output is a bowl which perfectly balances noodles, vegetables and BBQ Pork. I ordered mine "dry", meaning the broth is served on the side. If you are a fan of spices... do add some of the red pepper flakes infused oil - this truly adds to the flavor of the noodles.

Must come back and try the braised beef noodle and some of the sides. I've been told that the pork ear in spicy sauce, shredded potatoes, and scallion pancakes are a must try. Maybe I'll be able to meet the owner, Mr. Ye who opened this location barely 9 months ago - what a hit!笑
Fresh noodles, non-pretentious atmosphere, never disappointing! Would highly recommend their dry noodle chicken or pork bowls with the broth on the side! Great service too!笑
My boyfriend doesn't really like Chinese food that isn't General Tso's Chicken (sad, but it is the reality I have to live in.) But I have somehow convinced him to try hand pulled noodles with me while we were in vacation in Montreal. We quickly looked up Yelp and Nudo popped up. I had the braised beef noodle soup. He had the pulled chicken dry noodle dish. We also had the chicken dumplings to share. The noodles were made in the open kitchen and you can see and hear the chefs preparing your meal. The noodles were so delicious and my boyfriend loved it too! So glad this place was a positive first experience for my boyfriend to try hand pulled noodles. We would definitely be visiting again the next time we come to Montréal. Our meal with two drinks come up to around CA$30 (US$23). We were stuffed and super satisfied.笑
I love noodles, so I couldn't resist this restaurant when I saw the man hand-pulling noodles behind a large pane of glass.

I was quickly seated since the restaurant was mostly empty. The interior of the restaurant has definitely seen better days, there were several flat screen tvs showing anime. The menu consisted mostly of, surprise, noodles. Noodles with soup, noodles without soup. There were also appetizers of wontons, egg rolls, pickled vegetables (including kim chi), etc. 

I ordered wonton soup (5 wontons for $2.50), pickled cucumbers ($1.75), and zha jiang mien ($7.50 I think). The wontons were excellent: thin skins, finely minced pork and shrimp, not too large or small. The price was definitely unbeatable for a bowl of wontons. The pickled cucumbers were above average. They were ice cold (+), still very crisp (+), and lots of garlic (+). They were however a little on the salty side (-).
The zha jiang mien was also above average. The noodles were chewy, firm, and absorbed the sauce nicely. Everything I expected from hand-pulled noodles. The fermented black bean sauce had lots of ground pork and black bean flavor

Service was neither terrific nor terrible, it was efficient. The only downside of the meal was paying the bill. You are forced to go to the counter to pay, so before going to pay I calculated my subtotal and left approximately 20%: $2. After paying for my meal at the counter I collected my change and proceeded to leave. The host/waitress stopped me and asked how I enjoyed my meal. I told her it was fine, to which she responded, "oh then you should leave a 15%-20% tip." Really?! First, I did leave a tip, but your system of paying for the bill doesn't allow you at the register to see it at the table. Second, even living in the US, I thought tips were voluntary? Is it really a tip if it is not voluntary? Anyway, it was a bit of a downer to an otherwise enjoyable meal. This is a good place to come for hand-pulled noodles...if you are prepared to leave a tip, if not don't bother, I guess.笑
Pretty divey digs, distracted service, decent cold vegetable dishes, and really, really delicious pulled "dry" noodle dishes. We had garlic cucumbers, spicy potatoes, "vegetable" (bok choy w/oyster sauce), dumplings in peanut sauce, and pork-chive dumplings.  The peanut dumplings were really good - juicy and thin-skinned in a sweet-savory peanut sauce.  The chive dumplings were a bit of a let-down with their harsh garlic flavor.  Server forgot the sliced braised beef we ordered and had to be pushed to bring small plates and hot tea. Shrug.

But the dry noodles, oh, the dry noodles! We ordered 'em with minced pork and -- holy umami -- these were chewy, addictive, and delicious! Next time I'll order a bowl just for myself.  

Definitely try the noodle bowl and peanut dumplings; take or leave the rest.笑
After an 8 hour train ride, all my partner and I wanted to do was collapse into bed. But we dragged ourselves out with the promise of noodles, and weren't disappointed by Nudo. We ordered at the counter - ramen with pork belly, dumplings, steamed broccoli - and sat at a tall table watching through the window as one of the cooks hand-stretched batches of noodles. In our exhausted state, it was mesmerizing-- but upon reflection, it was a really cool view into how fresh their food really is. When we got everything back to the Airbnb, we dug in like starving wolves. The broccoli turned out to be covered in chili flakes, which was a bit too spicy for me, but everything else was delicious; perfect comfort food for a chilly rainy night when all you want to do is go to bed after.笑
Honestly better than many of the hand pulled noodle places I've tried in my hometown, NYC (i.e. Lam Zhou, Lao Bei Fang, Xi'an, Super Taste, etc...). And I really like all those places.

They even have a kiosk in Eaton Centre's food court where they pull the noodles right in front of you, which was also better than some of the well-reviewed hand pulled noodle places in Manhattan's Chinatown. Why don't we have something like this in our food courts?!

I'm always on the hunt for delicious noodle soups, and this is a must try if you're in Montreal!笑
Cheap and Decent quality food. Ordered a Beef BBQ Noodle with an entree. Cost only 12$ (without Tips)笑
Un restaurant avec une grande surface et une approche très simple à la cuisine asiatique dans le quartier chinois de Montréal. Les plats y sont très savoureux et la cuisine visible par toutes et tous.笑
The noodles are fresh - you can see the chef pulling them in the kitchen as you sit waiting for your orders - and the soups are all good and not too expensive.
We tried the vegetables soup and the bbq pork one and both were good. Warming and filling, all you ask a soup to do!
Plus, they usually are open when everyone else around isn't so it's nice to know that if anything else fails, they are still there to feed you :-)笑
I do not understand how this restaurant is not constantly packed!  The noodles are hand pulled, and you can watch the process as they are made through a window.  You can order your noodles either dry (with broth on the side) or as a noodle soup.  Each table has a variety of condiments to season the delicious bowls to your taste.  My favorites are the braised beef shank and the barbecue pork.  The vegetable soup was great too, packed with flavour!  Their scallion pancakes are always crispy, never soggy.  They also has a number of small, fresh salads and pickle to accompany the meal.  

The prices are really affordable for the quality of the food.  It is in a basement, so the decor is what you would expect from a hole in the wall.  Do not let it fool you, the food is to die for!  The only downside is that they do not serve alcohol and it is not byob.  The staff is friendly and helpful, and the service is always fast.笑
Was headed to La Capital for early dinner tacos, but arrived before opening so ended up at Nudo. Lucky accident, because the noodles were outstanding. Had the bbq pork with peanut sauce and my son had braised beef, both with dry noodles that were perfectly cooked, fresh and could be my new favorite comfort food. The steamed chicken dumplings to start were also delicious and everything is made on the premises. And good news, they take credit cards which must be fairly new since it's not listed as such on Yelp. Big helpings and good prices too, will definitely be back again soon.笑
Incredibly FRESH meals here. Noodles are made on site and cooked to order. Prices were great and the meat melts in your mouth. 

This is a no brainer - you MUST try this place. I got the braised beef soup and noodles, and it was easily one of the top 10 meals I have ever had, hands down.笑
The noodles are great. I loved watching the staff prepare them. Very theatrical. All other elements of my dish were disappointing. Overall it was too greasy.笑
Great fast, friendly service even though I don't speak French. The braised beef soup is awesome. The beef melts in the mouth and the portions are huge. I like the fact that the noodles are hand pulled.笑
I went there on a Saturday evening with a friend. We walked there, since we were nearby, but there is usually a limited amount of parking near Chinatown. 

When we got there, the place was fairly busy, but we were greeted and shown our table almost immediately. 

The menu was in Mandarin and in English and there were a few pictures. 

The food came quickly and it was fun to be able to see the chef work on the dough. 

The amount was very generous and I was more than full! It tasted great and I was extremely happy with the quality. 

The ambiance is nice and relaxed. It's not the fanciest restaurant, but it's definitely homey and I felt very comfortable. 

I would definitely recommend if you like hand made noodles!笑
Me and my friends went there since it's ranked No.3 Chinese restaurant. But was disappointed with the noodles. The flavour is too sweet for us and nothing else is special/worth it to give it a higher score. The service was ok. But the food is below our expectations. Thus I give it a 2-star just for the food.笑
Update: they swapped our leftovers. Handed it to us saying what they were, and they were wrong. No biggie for me because full disclosure, I ate the vegan's soup, and I liked it. Probably less fun for her though. 

Not removing a star because this in no way detracts from the joy and wonder of the food. Just a heads up to double check your cartons.笑
I was in a ramen mood and originally wanted to go to Sumo Ramen since I've heard good things. But after the driving and the cold weather I kinda just parked on St. Laurent and, no joke, walked into the restaurant directly in front of my car. 

Nudo had a foldable display outside their restaurant that advertised Yuki Ramen, and my date and I immediately thought "good enough" since we were too lazy to walk the 800 meters to Sumo. Glad we did because those noodles, though not ramen, are FINE. Immediately after being seated I checked the Yelp reviews and praised the heavens that this place had favourable reviews. 

We ordered the garlic and chive pork ravioli dumplings to start. This is where they lost the star because it was plain awful. The smell was off-putting, the sauce accompanying it tasted like tangy soya (teriyaki sauce??) and the dumpling itself was a weird mix of flavours (read: mostly cabbage). Not for me. Not a great start for Nudo. 

The mains were the stars. I ordered the braised beef shank noodle soup and it was just plain great. The noodles were very distinct and I already crave their dense chewiness after only an hour of having them. The broth was very flavourful and not salty. The beef was tender and the bok choy was a great filler. While the portion size is gigantic, I do wish there was more bok choy or beef since most of the bowl is very much broth and noodle. That isn't even really a complaint though, since the broth and noodles are great in their own rite.

All in all, you have to eat here because NOODLES. They do it good.笑
I went to this place a few times, and in every time something was wrong. Generally speaking, it's low-end noodles place, they make it fresh which is the tempting factor but the place isn't clean, the carpet, the ceiling, the tables & chairs, why simply wipe out the tables with a wet cloth and move the dirt around. If you like noodles go to their other branch in eaton center's food court... it's much better.笑
Tastes bad. Too spicy. The place looks dirty.笑
Nous sommes allés au Nudo parce que j'avais acheté un coupon sur TeamBuy. Le resto est dans un sous-sol du quartier chinois. Quand on entre, le décor est assez drabe; ça a l'air d'une salle de réception à louer et pas décorée (chaises achetées en gros, tables carrées sans nappes, murs blancs).

Le menu est assez succinct. Quelques entrées (ou, comme c'est écrit sur le menu, des "trées", ah ces chers menus de restos chinois!), des soupes et des plats de nouilles. Il y a aussi des Bubble teas. J'ai pris une soupe aux fruits de mer (crevettes, pétoncles, calmar, champignons de paris, bok choy) et mon copain, une soupe végétarienne (bok choy, champignons de paris, champignon shiitake (?)). Nous avons aussi pris une entrée de wontons sauce aux arachides et chacun un bubble tea. On nous a servi gratuitement une petite salade d'algues et ail frais que j'ai trouvée délicieuse!

Ce qui est vraiment impressionnant est que les nouilles sont faites sur place, à la main et à la commande. C'est donc ce qu'il y a de plus frais! Et ils ne lésinent pas sur la portion de nouilles! Dépendamment de son appétit, on peut en avoir suffisamment pour deux repas dans un bol. 

Le bouillon n'est pas très impressionnant par contre. Celui de ma soupe aux fruits de mer goûtait très fort les fruits de mer. Il faut aimer ça, sinon ça tombe sur le coeur. Celui de mon copain ne goûtait pas grand chose.

Le service était bien sans être extraordinaire. Fait à noter, une des serveuses parlait français, chose rarissime dans le quartier chinois.

Le tout nous a coûté environ 30$ (1 entrée, 2 soupes, 2 bubble teas). Ah oui! La caisse ne prend que l'argent comptant.笑
I know sod-all about Lanzhou-style noodles, but when I stumbled across Christina X.'s review of this place earlier this week, I immediately made up my mind to try it for lunch this weekend.  The verdict?  I want to put Christina X.'s face on a stamp.

This is an unpretentious eating-house on a block of Saint-Laurent known for its unpretentious eating-houses.  The decor is institutional, and the menu is one of the simplest I've ever seen- one sheet of paper naming a half-dozen noodle soups, and another half-dozen choices of noodles sans soup.  A separate page has bubble teas and fruit drinks.  That's it.

I went with the BBQ pork noodle soup ($7.50), based on Chris B's photo of same, and a glass of water.  The soup took quite a while to arrive, but it gave me time to fully appreciate the appetizer.  I generally loathe the seaweed at Japanese restaurants, but the seaweed salad appetizer I got served here was a total knockout.  Tasted more like garlic and ginger-marinated green beans, sliced lengthwise and served at caviar temperature.  Not a hint of fishiness.  That silly little free appetizer was one of the tastiest, best-made things I've ever eaten.

Normally, in Montreal's bargain-priced subterranean lunch dives, I'd expect an appetizer of that quality to be followed up by a supremely sub-par main course.  Not in this place.  This was one of the best bowls of soup I can remember eating.  Rich, broad-shouldered broth, a surprisingly generous amount of sliced BBQ-ed pork, roughly half a head of bright green bok choi, and a good helping of chewy, nicely-elastic noodles.  The whole thing together equated to a noodle soup with the inscrutable perfume and particular mouth-feel of a topnotch bowl of pho, crossed with the deep, intense flavors of a good Clark Street Cantonese chow mein.  Just fabulous.

Service was uniformly courteous, professional, and quick.  Everybody on the floor was hustling, even though the place was only a third full.  Water glass got refilled before it emptied.  Tables were bussed to a Swiss standard of cleanliness.

Restroom:  Much nicer that than average for Chinatown.  Broken faucet, some inexplicable clutter, but clean and usable .

Cash only.  No cards or Interac.

Lunch, tax in, was eight bucks and change, and was ridiculously tasty for the money. Colder weather will see me darkening their doorstep again.  In fact, cold weather will see me making excuses to do so.笑
A Chinatown gem.  This hand-drawn noodle place is legit. I wished they also serve shaved noodles like the restaurants in Philly.  

The servers, can speak both English and Mandarin.  Service is good, and they are happy to oblige, as long as you don't mind waving or gaining attention via any means appropriate in public.

Through the large glass window you can watch the chef manhandle the noodle, twisting and shaping the dough into a nicely textured noodle that is not overcooked, like pasta, the bowl of noodle soup that I had was "al dente". yumm.  I had the #1 braised beef which came in a tasty dark broth, bok choy (a type of Chinese cabbage), and the tasty noodle.  The beef was cooked well, tasty and soft.  We also had the pork ears and beef appetizers, which is cheap and decent - although it could use more sauce.  I also like the free cold tea.笑
Really good noodle! As a matter of fact, they better than the one that we have in Philadelphia, PA.

Plus, their side dishes/appetizers are super cheap. spicy pork ear was only CAD$2.75 and it was GOOD!

The noodles are made fresh to order, hand pulled and cooked al dente.

It's located in the basement and somewhat questionable. However, it is super delicious. 

I highly recommend this place when you are in Montreal. Don't mind the other yelpers mentioned about rats. Big cities around the world have the same problem, even NYC. I did not encounter such experience, however if I did, I would've just think of it as an "authentic chinatown" experience-since the food was so good...who CARES!笑
This is another cheap eats place in Chinatown worth a visit. The noodles there are nice and I love their little snacks that you can buy with your meal.笑
My friends and I quickly popped into this restaurant before heading back to the US. We were definitely drawn in by the "hand-pulled noodles," but alas the service was terrible. 
The food was okay, as the noodles seemed a bit hard. I ordered the BBQ Pork noodles and somehow ended up getting some chicken in there. The portion size was fairly okay, but I would have liked a bigger portion. 
Back to the service, the waiter who served us started off friendly, but when it came time to pay for the meal, he became demanding. He served us water and our noodles, but never checked up on us once, never asked if we needed anything else. 
My meal came out to be about $9, and I was more than happy to pay that except the waiter told me that tip was mandatory. Now, I wouldn't have had a problem with giving him a tip if he hadn't said that it was necessary for me to pay an extra 10%. The man literally wouldn't let me leave if I didn't pay him an extra tip. Honestly, if restaurants required a mandatory tip, they should have included it in the bill rather than asking it upfront. 
I'm never eating at this place ever again, as you could probably get better noodles elsewhere, probably just down the street without rude waiters asking for a tip as if he deserved one in the first place.笑
Fabulous soups with absolutely fresh noodles. Pretty good dumplings. Strange service. No beer or wine.笑
Meilleures nouilles fraîches de Montréal! Frais, bien assaisonnés et goûteux, un incontournable pour moi maintenant!笑
Freshly made noodles and flavorful broth.  I'm not sure if this place has a Taiwanese cook, but their Beef Noodle Soup was fabulous.笑
My friend ordered imperial rolls and they were still frozen in the middle, She had to return them. I took 1 or 2 bites of my food and was not able to continue, I really did not like the taste of it, same for my friend. We paid and went to another place because we were hungry. The staff was nice, the place not super clean, prices affordable笑
Finally, our own little pulled noddled shop.

Funky decor, simple menu, cheap, what more do you want? and good too!!!

As you enter you see the noddle chef pulling noodles on your right behind a glass window, it's cool to watch.

The noodle texture is good, it's not tough but it's not soggy, and while it soaks for ten or so minutes in the broth during the time you eat it, the texture remains constant until the last bite. The reason for this is because they coat the noodles with oil when they begin pulling, and finish it off with flour once it's down to size. 

The oil content in the noddles make it absorb less broth hence it doesn't get so soggy at the end. The trade off is as you're eating that oil taste really builds up and you feel like you've had enough even without really being full. it's something to consider if you want to order a dry bowl with broth on the side.

The dumplings here a top notch too, again the oily excess can be felt at the end, but the taste and texture was very good. I would recommend coming here with a friend, that way you can order an appetizer and share the fat. Good chinese food is always a bit fatty what can you do, but don't overdo it cuz a full belly on fatty chinese food is not a good feeling :)

The one thing they should offer is for us to choose the size of the noodles, that would be nice, thick , medium or thin. I'll ask them next time see if they would do it...笑
Located in a basement in Chinatown, this place has yummy chewy handpulled noodles. I recommend the dry noodle dishes, because the soup noodles get soggy after being in the broth. The soups are also very greasy which can get tiresome. I've tried the bbq pork, the minced pork and the beef dry noodles. They're all very tasty and will leave you craving more :-) Recommend the cucumber salad side dish to add a little kick of spicy to your food!  The service is OK and it's never really loud or too quiet.笑
A bit hard to characterize this place... on the one hand it's big and during our mid-week early dinner it was kind of quite, with not too many tables occupied. Yet at the same time there was Chinese karaoke on the plasma screens on both sides of the dining hall...   
Our servers were kind and polite. The food arrived quickly, though not in the order we expected it to... the seaweed salad was the only appetizer that came before the noodle soups, and the spring rolls made it to our table last (even though some of us planned to have them as a starter). We originally came here because they feature both hand pulled noodles and dumplings. However, some of the vegetarians in the group were disappointed to learn that non of the dumplings was vegetarian. The vegetable dry noodles were also a disappointment, since they were served with sweet sauce. All the other dishes on the other hand were very good and truly authentic, proper Chinese dishes. I guess you win some, you loose some... but honestly for these prices it's worth it!笑
This place is located in Chinatown and looks like what a typical Chinese restaurant would look like in the 80's. Don't be fooled by its appearance. They have delicious fresh noodles. I had BBQ pork noodle, beef noodle, spicy tripe. Haven't had anything this good in LA. It's very affordable for the generous amount of food they give you. Definitely stop by for a quick bite.笑
We enjoyed this place for its cheap dumplings, fresh noodles, and assortment of small side dishes. The pork and chive dumplings tasted homemade, the scallion pancakes were nice and crispy, and the noodles in sesame sauce were good. The entire meal was very filling and inexpensive.笑
Okay - I know this doesn't make sense, but somehow, the location in the Eaton Centre food court is way better. I was really disappointed in the BBQ pork noodle soup here.笑
Ordered dumpling but they were not well made, the pockets looked sad. Thin dumpling pockets. No soup on the inside. Should have gone to Qing Hua instead.笑
Easily the highlight of my short time in Montreal.  Located in Chinatown, Nudo is on the lower level off the street.  Once you get in you enter a big dining room you will see a small kitchen area behind glass where you will see a chef making the fresh noodles.  Well worth your time to go up front and watch for awhile, since the process of rolling and working the dough followed by the stretching, folding process is amazing.  The result are some of the most amazing noodles you will have. 

The menu is a small concise list, with mostly noodle soup dishes.  I ordered the seafood noodle soup with extra noodles.  The result was a large bowl of the noodles in a great broth a couple of pieces of baby bok choi, shrimps, clams, squid and some crab sticks.  The noodles and broth are both excellent, which makes a great meal; the rest are nice bonuses.   

Nudo is great, the food is excellent and prices are reasonable; if they were anywhere close I would be there quite often.  If you are in Montreal and want some great Chinese food you won't go wrong here.笑
Randomly came across this. Great variety of starters and had the BBQ pork dry noodle. All were phenomenal笑
We were yelled at by a waitress... All of our food was cold, greasy, and unappetizing. As our horrible waitress poured my water she spilt it all over me, and didn't even apologize. When we didn't leave a tip, the waitress literally SCREAMED AT ME AND MY GIRLFRIEND UNTIL WE LEFT! Right in front of all the other guests. Never ever eat here. It should also be noted that the good is prepared in an Extreamly dirty kitchen, so I'm considering contacting health inspectors. Have I made it clear that nobody should set foot in NUDO笑
Ici c'est les nouilles la spécialité!!!! 
On a aimé les dumplings grillés, les rouleaux de printemps étaient excellents.
Vraiment pas cher!!!!!笑
Nudo is one of my go-to cheap eats spot in Chinatown. The price is under $10 for one bowl of noodles. Of course it's a typical Chinatown restaurant and you can't expect fancy decor or presentation. But the food is well worth the money!

They specializes in pulled noodle made by pulling the dough many times into thin noodles.

I love their noodle because the soup is so flavourful, and the noodles are just the right amount of chewy. The marinated vegetable on top of the noodles also adds to the overall deliciousness.

My typical order is a small dish of edamame to start. Then the usual braised beef noodle soup. Yum!笑
Cheap and delicious. I had their guoqiao rice noodle, braised soy beef and green onion pancakes, all tasted very good. Service was pretty quick too. Total came with $40 for 3 people.笑
Meh, it's good. But there is so many other options in Chinatown.

First, the bowls are tiny. TINY...By Asian standard. I was quite disappointed that I could not choose the size of my soup.

I felt it was expensive for what it was it was. Taking in consideration that we are in Chinatown.

But, good is good. I felt I could not go below 3 stars... The washrooms are cleans.笑
Handmade noodles to die for. Got the sesame BBQ pork dry noodles and cucumber salad. Will come again before I leave! Delish hole in the wall!笑
Five stars for the food and five stars for the value.The restaurant however was very uncomfortable since the AC was not working. I had the soup with homemade noodles with chicken. The cucumber salad and pot stickers were also excellent.笑
Be Warned: Highly Addictive & Mesmerizing!! Noodle shop in the bustling Chinatown. Fresh, Hand Pulled & Cut Noodles by Order - Stop in at the window to appreciate the dexterity and art these cooks have. Hands down the BEST noodles experience for me. The noodles were cooked to perfection, falling of the bones meat, minimally dressed, generous portion of vegetables - it was simply divine!! Light, bursting with flavors, refreshing, and decent portions.笑
This was the best Chinese food I've ever had!!scallion pancakes, spicy beef, dumplings, noodles with chicken and sesame. Everything was delicious and cheap!!!笑
My favourite bowl of noodles in Montreal. Always hits the spot. The noodles have great chew and the broths are all different. The scallion pancakes and the dumplings are also delicious. The place is not much to look at, but you'll never leave dissatisfied!笑
I have been to this place for several time, mostly for their beef noodle with a dark colour broth, different from Lan which uses a clear broth. 
This time I was there to try their new dish bridge crossing rice noodle. The dish is originally from Yunnan province China. This restaurant probably is the first to introduce it to Montreal. Wherever I go to Toronto I would have this dish in Chinatown. 
There is a beautiful story behind this dish. A wife always prepares lunch and deliver it to the husband who studies for the selection exam very hard. The lunch includes a pot of hot chicken broth, some veggi and a bowl of drained noodle. On day when the wife crossed a bridge and dropped the lunch, leaving everything mixed in the soup. After the husband tasted it, he found it was delicious. After some improvements this dish was spread all over and to nowadays people all over China know about this dish and love it very much. 
In the restaurant, this dish is served with a hot pot of broth and several sides such as raw meat, veggies etc. Drop the meat first and then other sides, rice noodle is the last. Add some vinegar to the taste. 
This place only started to offer this dish days ago and the flavour is not as good as the one in Toronto.    I think it worth a try.笑
Nous avons commandé un plat de dumpling, une soupe au boeuf et un plat de nouilles au porc et tout était bon! Nous笑
Les raisons pourquoi on donnerait un classement très positif sur ce restaurant est fort probablement à cause de la qualité des nouilles qui sont faites sur place derrière les vitres ainsi que pour le coût des plats étant très raisonnable pour les ramens. Les serveurs étaient très polis avec leurs clients ainsi que prenaient toute leur temps à nous servir et à attendre notre commande malgré les journées où le restaurant était bien rempli. En bref, question de service clientèle, le seul hic fut les toilettes ainsi que le fait que les clients pouvaient se sentir très rapprochés des autres tables voisines malgré le fait que les nouilles compensent pour la situation.笑
Like many of the places in Chinatown, the ambience at this restaurant is very plain and unassuming.  But also like other places in this neighborhood, looks are definitely deceiving.  For around $55.00 CDN (tip included), our party of four enjoyed a very authentic Chinese/Taiwanese meal that was complete with hand-pulled noodles. We all enjoyed hot bowls of wonton soup or seaweed soup and then split an order of chicken pot stickers, braised beef with noodles and an amazing pork and rice dish. The cool part about this place is the fact there is a window that allows patrons to watch the process of the noodles being made.笑
3.5 Star

Hand Pulled Noodle! Making fresh right in front of me!

I know it is kind of a novelty, but it is always fun to watch and I wish I can learn to pull some too, as it looks like a good exercise to tune the upper body....

After doing a search using Yelp App, we ended up at Nudo for some noodle before heading out for some drinks. From the outside Nudo looks dark and sketchy, but the deco inside is simple but pleasant. Love the TV showing Chinese RETRO movies back in 1980s, some silly simple comedy.

We shared the Braised Beef Noodle Soup and Marinated Cucumber. The noodle does have a good bite and the portion is decent, enough to fill me up as a meal. 

Nudo's may not be the best hand pulled noodle I had, but definitely a great option next time when I am in town and have craving for some decent Chinese food!笑
The sex encompassed in these magical strands and hand pulled flour noodle is completely of the charts and is encroaching on the Bradley Cooper scale. As a straight male... these noodles almost got me pregnant... or vice versa. Yo, you can't fight it, you just have to go with it.笑
Ce nouveau resto offre des nouilles (ramen) fraîches faites à la main et apprêtées de 2 façons.  Vous pouvez les déguster en soupe ou à la sauce.  Le menu n'est pas très varié, mais les styles classiques y sont présent.

Fait assez intéressant, il est possible de voir le chef préparer les nouilles à travers une grande vitrine.  C'est quand même impressionnant!

Ma copine a commandée un bol de nouilles avec sauce aux arachides accompagné de porc BBQ.  Le plat était accompagné d'une petite soupe et nous avons reçu une entré de kimchi gratuite.  Elle a été assez impressionnée par le goût.  Rien d'exceptionnelle pour la sauce et le porc, mais les nouilles étaient très bien.  Elles sont longues et la cuisson est bonne.  La portion est pas trop mal, mais il manque de porc (seulement 4 petits morceaux).  Pour ma part, j'ai commandé un classique.  Soupe de flancs de bœuf épicé.  J'ai été impressionné.  J'ai déjà mangé ce genre de bol de nouilles lorsque j'habitais à Vancouver et j'adorais.  Le bouillon très bien réussi.  Pas trop épicé, mais juste assez pour donner une petite chaleur.  Le bœuf est correct.  Il ne faut jamais s'attendre a de la viande premier choix au quartier chinois.  Je pense qu'il pourrait y avoir un peu plus de bœuf.  Pour ce qui est des nouilles, elles sont aussi très longues et pas trop molles.  Pour ma part, j'ai trouvé ça assez bon.

Nous recommandons ce restaurant et nous allons y retourner.  Il n'y a pas beaucoup de nouilles fraîches asiatiques à Montréal alors profitez-en!  Un repas pour 2 vous coûtera environ 20$.笑
Delicious noodles hand pulled to order!  We had fun watching them pull & cook the noodles.  

Beef stew was not as tender as I'm used to and the broth very mild but still tasty. 3 stars for that.

Braised pork was fall apart tender and delicious and it made the broth more savory as well.  Pulled chicken was tender and moist.   

I couldn't finish my bowl as much as I wanted to try! My partner didn't either, but he ordered extra noodles. 

Service was good & place is clean. Not fancy but we don't mind.  Wish it wasn't cash only, but hey it's Chinatown. Thankful for the walk home to clear a bit of my food coma.  

Looking forward to another visit soon.笑
We were passing through the area, not sure whether to stop. However, I saw the sign in the window of Nudo and mentioned hand-spun noodles out loud. Well, my young daughter insisted we go in (and by insisted it was more of a loud exclamation of 'Nooooodddlleeees! I LOVE NOOOOODLES!'). Well, thank goodness for her persuading us, because we loved it!! We enjoyed it so much that we came back the next night. The staff was attentive and very sweet to our daughters. It was a fun experience to be able to watch the noodles being made. My husband and I both really enjoyed the BBQ Pork dry noodles. My daughters shared the wonton noodle soup. We also sampled the pot stickers and peanut butter wonton appetizers. Everything had great flavor. My mouth is watering as I write this review. If you are in the area, please don't pass up this great restaurant. I wish I could pack it up and bring it back to the states with me.笑
Great food. Great price. Chinese food with a new dimension. Fast service as well.  Recommended starters : beef tripe and braised beef shank and for the rest, follow your rhythm and taste bud I guess.

I went for dry noodles with braised shank. God they make it good and the meat is tender. It literally melts inside your mouth. 

Bad: The place is pretty humid and the air cooler was not working.笑
Very good noodles no doubt, although, nothing better than average. So I disagree with my yelp comrades;there's a bit of star inflation here.. It really a 3 star but I have to take away a star for the  "we don't give a fuck attitude of the waitstaff" and, -ready for this- gross out alert !
In plain view of everyone  I saw our waitress coughing up a luggie and spitting it in the trash can behind the counter ...not sure we'll be finishing the leftovers she packed for us.笑
Tried to goto another noodle restaurant across the street but it was packed... Decided to try Nudo - lots of free tables. 
The pork strips soup was very good. Exactly what I had in mind, I could've eaten 2 of them! Even a couple hours after, I had that nice, warm belly feeling after having soup.
The noodles were so delicious, I knew after the first bite id be craving it soon after. The broth was perfect: flavourful and perfect amount of salt. Not too many vegetables, but that's ok.
Friend had steamed dumplings. Pretty sure they were from frozen and kind of mushy. Stick to dumpling restaurants if that's what you're after, and go for the soup.
Service was friendly and simple.
Reasonable prices.
-1 star=Atmosphere is really boring and semi basement...although you will be guaranteed seating so pick your battles I guess :)笑
Who are these Yelpers leaving super low ratings.... because I don't think they're authentic, but who am I to judge?

Anyway, this is an EXCELLENT restaurant. I don't know if it's just because I went in on a good day (lunch hour, weekday), or what, but the food was superb.

I took the Jarret de boeuf (braised beef shank) noodle soup, and the beef was tender, a bit tendon-y and totally soft and delicious, the noodles were made right in front of my eyes and cooked to perfection, and I absolutely loved the sour addition of the pickled cabbage thrown on top. 

The soup is not at all bland, but then again if you are someone to loves to eat salty things, particularly processed food, I can see how you might miss the subtle flavour of the broth.

I don't eat packaged stuff, and I don't add a lot of salt to my food, so the broth was perfectly seasoned and delicious. 

TOP MARKS. I am coming back here at least once a week. Maybe twice. At around $10 for the bowl of soup, it was totally worth every penny.  I could have eaten two.

My only gripe is that it has stairs going down. How am I supposed to get down there with a stroller?

The service was also great. The waitresses and the guys in the kitchen (it's an open kitchen so you can see them cook and pull the noodles), are very sweet and kind.笑
Hello hand-pulled noodles!!! Definitely one of the best ones I've ever had. Think of em as "Al dente" noodles. Firm, Chewy and cooked just right. Tried the spicy beef noodle soup. Delicious broth, crispy veggies, tender beef & awesome noodles. It can't get any better. Also tried the green onion pancake. Its tasty, but they sprinkle soy sauce over it makin it extra salty (at least for me). Order the pancake without the soy sauce.The braised beef (appetizer) is yummy too. Cash only establishment. 

Food : Fa Kin Su Pa
Service :Friendly / Slow
Ambiance : Casual / Clean
Worth the price : Yes笑
Brought my mom to Montreal for the first time. She kept saying she wanted noodle soup so we stumbled upon here in Chinatown. We went into a few places but they were either too dingy, smelly or dark. Nudo seemed closed (the forgot to put the sign on lol) but inside was open, spacious and clean (didn't smell like a toilet or trying to mask any foul smells with bleach). 

We ordered the dry noodles with chicken, chicken noodle soup and pork pot stickers. The noodles were soooooooooo good! You can taste that it was freshly made - you taste the flour and the consistency is different. The veggie pairings were also delicious down to the complimentary soup offered with the dry noodle items. My mom really enjoyed her noodle soup. The pot stickers were okay though, we've had better. 

Staff were pleasant. I liked seeing the noodle kitchen window where you see the cooks making the noodles. 3 people costed $40 including tip. Not too bad. Will definitely come back. Craving the noodles and drooling as I type!笑
Lanzhou-style hand-pulled noodles are a wonderful but often hard-to-find Chinese dish, so it was a nice surprise to find this place. We entered with some trepidation, but were relieved to find a chef vigorously pulling and twirling a giant piece of noodle dough in the kitchen (viewable through a glass wall, because it's quite a show!)

The restaurant is nicely decorated and comfortable, but the menu is relatively bare-bones. Apparently it gets quite busy around peak hours, though at 4:00 PM we had no trouble finding a seat!

We settled down for two bowls of roast beef noodle soup and were treated to an appetizer of seaweed salad that was mind-bogglingly good. The noodle soup was by far the best of its kind I've ever had in North America--the noodles are chewy and fresh, the beef cooked well, and the broth incredibly flavorful without being overly greasy.笑
After an afternoon of walking around the old port area of Montreal we walked over to Chinatown in search for munchies! Walking past a few pho places, conversation came up of how good the noodle soups were supposed to be here. A couple more steps and we arrived at Nudo. Peering down into the basement where the restaurant was located we slowly walked in with hesitance. 

Welcomed right away by a smiling waitress we couldn't help but accept her invitation to have a seat. Given water and menus right away we scanned over the simple menu. Noodles were the obvious star here, the chef slapping noodles on his work table had my girl startled at his first slam of the noodle haha! We chose to share a couple apps; chicken pot stickers, cucumber salad and spring rolls. All three were decent, dumplings could've been crispier but the spring rolls and cucumber salad were great. I got the bbq pork noodle and my partner got the beef shank noodle. First off, the noodles are GREAT. Delicious fresh noodles with a tasty broth. Veggies and meat to accompany. Exactly as advertised and better tasting than expected.

I've had pulled noodles before but this was definitely better than anything prior. Would return next time I'm im town. Very delicious.笑
I automatically salivate when I think of hand-pulled noodles now. It's a problem.

I got the braised beef shank noodle soup with a little bit of spice and b. got the chashu pork noodle soup. Both of our soups were packed with flavor - mine tasted a little heavier (slightly greasy) while b.'s looked and tasted lighter. While I wasn't a fan of the pickled vegetables in mine, the tender beef and toothsome noodles took the spotlight. The chashu pork slices in b.'s weren't quite what we expected but decent. Overall, they don't skimp on the ingredients and the portions were plenty filling. We left satisfied and completely stuffed to the gills. Service was prompt and friendly. A little bit of an odd space - open and sparse looking with a couple of flat screen TVs. But obviously you go for the noodles, not the décor.

CASH ONLY!

* In hindsight, after trying the noodles at Nouilles de Lan Zhou the next day (I told you, hand-pulled noodle problem), I preferred their braised beef shank noodle soup for the overall composition. On the other hand, I really liked the lighter broth of the chashu pork noodle soup at Nudo. In the end, I salivate when I think about the noodles at either place. So you decide.笑
Found this place on Yelp and it definitely did not disappoint... Food was fantastic and the ambiance seedy but exactly what I expected from the reviews which were not wrong! I would recommend this place in a heartbeat anybody!笑
Nudo has a kiosk in the food court at the Eaton Centre and that's the one I and my colleagues always go to for lunch. Once a week, at least. 

My favorite is noodles with chicken in sesame (peanut butter) sauce. Their fresh handmade noodles are chewy in the right degree and goes wonderfully well with the said delicious creamy sesame sauce, bok choy and chicken. It is simply a bowl of down-to-earth goodness and without a doubt the best food court fare ever. I'm also tempted to say that these are the best Chinese noodles in town. Service is friendly and as quick as it gets remembering that they shape their noodles upon your placing an order. 

Looks like Thai Express finally has a serious competitor in the Eaton Centre food court!笑
I was reading the recommendations here and choose the NUDO for my todays dinner. 

It's central in chinatown and close to the Montreal Traveller Lodge. 

The ambient looks typical chinese, big room and just put some chairs and tables in. The TVs showing Karaoke. 

I ordered S-03 it's the chicken soup. After a short time of waiting, I got the soup and was surprised about the smell and the look. First I tried the soup and felt like in heaven, super delicious, not salty and a rich taste .. like a soup should be. The 2nd try where the noodle. the noddles where "al dente" and smooth together. A dream to hv to noodles and the soup together in the bowl. 

As starter I ordered the spring rolls, but finally I was too full to finish them.

So guys if you come here even you re really hungry, just order the ramen first and maybe later the starter. 

Really a place to come back and enjoy again笑
The braised beef shank noodle soup tasted like how I remember the cha chaan tang restaurants in Hong Kong. The noodles are hand pulled and they taste like it. The braised beef shank is tender and falls apart in your mouth. The soup broth tastes like the meat so it goes together great.

I also got scallion pancakes, which had too few scallions in it. It was mostly dough and it suffered for it. They also topped it with what tasted like balsamic vinegar, which was an interesting combination that worked well to offset the fried oily feel.笑
Préparation des plats à la demande.
Fabrication des nouilles pratiquement devant vous.
C'est plutôt sympa笑
Very yummy beef noodle soup.  Broth is light   and flavorful.  Hand pull noodle has good texture.  Braised beef side served cold is very delicious.  Pig ears are good, but a bit too spicy for my taste.笑
De bonnes nouilles préparées à la commande, on voit le cuisinier les faire derrière la vitre et surtout, on l'entend les frapper sur le plan de travail. 
Servies en soupe ou pas, il y a quelques choix d'accompagnement.
Les nouilles sont vraiment délicieuse, pas trop salées et à peine épicées.
Les jus de fruits sont également préparés à la commande... Et sont énormes ! Mon préféré le jus de melon d'eau (ou pastèque).
C'est bien bon, les quantités sont gargantuesques !!!
Pour 2 soupes de nouilles et deux jus, comptez un peu plus de 25$.笑
We ended up here after trying to find a place in Old Montreal-- it's a quick walk to Nodu from the historic area. It was pouring rain and we were looking for warm comfort food-- and weren't disappointed.

We ordered chicken potstickers, beef teriyaki and rice, and chicken noodles. The food was exactly what we were looking for-- hot, filling, simple food done well. Each order was easily a complete meal for one person. The service was slow, as noted in other reviews, but there was only one woman waiting on all tables and working the cash register, so it was understandable.笑
The Nudo counter in Eaton Center turns out a wonderful, amazing, superlative bowl of noodles.

The Nudo restaurant in Chinatown does not.

Craving the sesame chicken dry noodles I had had a few times downtown, I stopped by Nudo in Chinatown and ordered the same thing.

The broth was not very tasty and definitely not as complex as what I'm used to. The chicken was a bit dry, with not enough sesame sauce to cover for that.
But the worst is the noodles. They were overcooked (!!!) and not as fresh as usual. Even after adding the broth and stirring a lot they were one mass. Much like noodles become at home after they've been put in the fridge for a while...

So basically skip this place and go to Eaton Center counter.笑
I'm definitely with the hype. The braised beef noodles with spicy oil added,  side of spicy tripe,  and pork dumplings. 

By far one of the best meals I've had this month.  There's plenty if Asian food to be had where I'm from,  but this was definitely one of the best.  EVER.

They hand pull the noodles in front of you (I ordered takeout).

My friend and I somehow missed the metro stop and trekked miserably for 25 minutes in blistering cold. We nearly froze to death,  but our food remained hot.  We didn't even microwave it when we got home.  

Minus one star because one of the girls apparently hated her life and didn't want to be there.  

2 noodle dishes,  side of spicy tripe, 12 piece pork dumplings =CAN$32.??笑
Hole in the wall spot in Chinatown. I had the seaweed soup (surprisingly delicious), dumplings on peanut sauce (way too oily), scallion pancake (very solid), the cucumber salad (tasty but oily), and the fried spring rolls (average and oily). It was all super cheap, which I liked, thanks to the small plates. Another positive was that I was full and got to try a good bit. Unfortunately, 3 out of the 5 plates were just way too oily. The soup looked much better than what I ordered and I would go back just to try it. I'm going to give Nudo 3 stars, but with a caveat of me not quite ordering the right items.笑
These are the best noodles I have ever had outside of Asia. There is nothing in California that comes close to Nudo. The noodles are so "QQ" and the beef noodle soup is fragrant and delicious. I also have not had such good beef noodle soup outside of Taiwan. 

Delicious - I want to go back to Montreal just to eat another bowl!!