This Starbucks is located upstairs inside Indigo. They're tucked away in the back corner and filling up the bookstore with subtle and delicious coffee fumes.

The staff here is nice and they try to get their unorganized and long lines moving fast. I feel rushed sometimes here when I'm ordering. They don't have a lot of food options here, but it depends on the day. I've been coming here for years and rarely do I get a drink mix-up; even though a lot of people are here. I must say, that making drinks here takes longer compared to other Starbucks locations. 

They have a nice seating arrangement next to their coffee bar- warm colored, cozy, spacious, and they have a few arm chairs. Bar stools are lined across the almost floor to ceiling windows that face Yonge St and that bring in a lot of natural light. Consider yourself lucky if you can find any seat. It's almost always packed here no matter what time of the day.笑
A few things to mention:

- the sitting area gets very hot and stuffy in summer 
- personnel is mostly friendly with some exceptions
- gets a bit crowded near the counter with milk, caps etc - would be nice to either have it larger or have another one, so not to wait too long笑
Came here to grab a quick snack. I love their Asiago and cheddar pretzel. They can warm it up for you. I didn't take a picture cause I was so hungry I ate it really fast! It was really good although some people have told me it's kind of smelly in a chessy kind of way.

The server was really nice and asked for my name and greeted me and thanked me for coming. Excellent service!笑
Not a huge fan of this Starbucks. 
No couches 
Slow wifi 
Slow service 
And it's on a busy street, at a busy intersection, so you can imagine volume levels.
Try the Starbucks at Dunfield and eglinton or better yet one closer to Davisville.笑
It's a standard Starbucks with friendly staff. Pricing is typical for all Starbucks chains, convenient location. Nice for a grab and go coffee before commuting via subway which is right outside this location.