I LOVE this place.  I've been here 4 times since it opened 9 months ago.  

Food is great, service is impeccable, amazing location and reasonable prices.  I've often hoped that I would find a restaurant just as great as some of my NYC faves in Little Italy, and I think I just might have!笑
There's an abundance of great Italian choices in the area but what made the experience superb was that the entire staff treated our two kids wonderfully.  They also not only fulfilled out customized orders, but went above and beyond.  I think our children sensed that they were being treated specially (and directly) rather than the typical restaurant experience where they are barely acknowledged and I that contributed to their great behavior which allowed the adults to enjoy the meal.笑
Went to Fortuna for the first time for lunch on the last day of Summerlicious.

My reservation got lost (I had called 2 days prior), but we still gave restaurant a chance and sat at the bar.  There wasn't an available table.
Air conditioning did not seem to be working that day...it got progressively hotter as we sat through our lunch.  Maybe there was no a/c at the bar area.
Lunch took a long time (1hr and 45 minutes), considering people do have to get back to work.  Maybe they thought since it's Friday, a leisurely pace was ok.
Since we sat at the bar, the staff kept putting the dirty glasses as they were clearing the tables right beside me.  I felt like I was in their way, especially towards the end of my lunch.

Our orders:
Fried Calamari, Capellini Privamera, Creme Brûlée
Cesare, Pollo Alla Parmesan Sandwich, Brownie with Ice Cream

Portion size was good for lunch.  Food was not bad.  It didn't wow me, but flavours were there. 

Service could have been more attentive.  More often than not, I had to flag someone down to ask for more water.

Not sure that I would be coming back again.  Since there are so many restaurants in the area, I'd likely try something else.笑
I was at Fortuna's a little while ago and i thought it was ok. The food was meh, they do have fairly large portion and its decently priced, especially with all of the groupons and wag jags. Our server jessica was awesome, very knowledgable about everything and at tentative.笑
Had a horrible experience, the service was slow, the food was cold and had no flavor.  We asked the waitress what was highly recommended the calimari or the cheese and mushroom, she said one is fish and the other is not, you have to figure it out!  The fact they did not try to make our dining experience better after we complained, turned me off from ever coming back!笑
This is a new gem in Toronto. The food is great. We had the Lobster Risoto and the Lobster Ravioli. Both were extremely well prepared and delicious. The atmosphere is very comfortable and elegant at the same time. The staff were extremely accommodating and always polite. This is well worth a night out and a great value. We loved it all the way!!笑
Caprese Salad - Good. Could have used a little salt 4/5

Spinach - Very good. With warm mushrooms, onions and bacon in a creamy dressing 5/5

Spaghetti alla Bolognese - Good. Tasty but nothing too exciting 3.5/5

Risotto ai Funghi - Good. Again, tasty but not very exciting

Pollo al Limone - Very good. Excellent lemon sauce with capers.  Nice roasted potatoes and grilled veggies 4/5

Tiramisu/Creme Brulee - top notch deserts 5/5

Service - It was very slow for a Saturday night... considering this, service was just OK笑
Nums.

My friend and I came here one night to find a nearly empty restaurant and a very attentive (and probably bored) server. Bread was surprisingly memorable - it was airy, buttery, and a little crispy like a croissant, but without being a croissant. Kind of reminiscent of a French baguette.

Our orders:

Appetizers: Carpaccio/Smoked salmon salad.
The carpaccio was very nice, and it came with some cheese that had some bite to it. 
The smoked salmon salad was also good, but nothing special. As my friend put it, "it tasted like the ingredients" (imagine smoked salmon, red onion, capers and greens on a plate).

Mains: Veal in a creamy white wine mushroom sauce/Grilled market fish (Halibut)
My friend thoroughly enjoyed his veal, and he is a fairly knowledgeable carnivore so I would take his word on it. 
The halibut was good, but again very conservative with creativity, and mostly good because they did not ruin the relatively high-quality ingredients.

Dessert: Tiramisu/Creme brulee
The game-changer. My friend was craving tiramisu like mad, and so he got that while I opted for the creme brulee. 
The tiramisu was very well-made ("real" tiramisu, insisted my friend), but the creme brulee blew both of us away. It was the best creme brulee I've had in my life - in fact, even my tiramisu-happy friend ended up preferring the creme brulee, and ate a regrettably substantial amount of it.

Generally, the food here was fairly safe but of good quality. If you don't mind blowing a fair amount for a meal that is what it's supposed to be (nothing more, nothing less), this is a nice place for that. What brought the rating from a 3.5 star to a definite 4-4.5 star was dessert. If you come here and fail to get dessert, you will have missed the best part.

I will be back when I wish to relive the best creme brulee I've ever tasted.笑
It's been a while since I write!  I went there for my 24th birthday celebration with my girlfriends two weeks ago. They've offered the winterlicious menu prix. So far, I remembered what I've ordered:

- salad with calamari *perfect*
- salmon with vegetable  *the salmon is a little too dry but overall is good.*
- creme brûlée *a little too much sweet*
 
Three meal menu was for only $25 plus a 8 oz red wine. This is a good price but Winterlicious special has been only limited edition for a short time. 

In the end of the day, the boss gave us a business card and wrote it "15% off next visit" which is pretty cool. I think I'll come back again with the discount card.   

The only reason I gave it 4 stars because of the winterlicious, and the service is good.笑
Forget the snob fest in Yorkville when you're here. I think people come here with high-hopes because this place is near Yorkville but then are disappointed they didn't get 5-star treatment. 

 We went there last weekend on a friend's recommendation and it was great. Server was nice and quick. I got the pasta of the day and the fiance got diced salmon pasta. The starter bread was delicious and pasta dishes were huge without being boring and bland. At less than $20 per dish near Yorkville it's the best bang for your buck.

Value - 10/10
Service - 8/10
Portion size - 9/10
Quality - 8/10

Edit: been there 2 more times. They have no more special pasta T_T. But everything else was pretty good. I got the pizza and it was huge! Yay!

-1 star for dropping Pasta of The Day!笑
Had a delicious meal at this restaurant tonight and felt compelled to share my experience. The service was friendly and efficient. Shared a delicious seafood antipasta platter which was very generous in size. My main was the agnolotti with chicken and proscuitto which again was very tasty and generous. Ended my meal with the tiramisu which  tasted homemade since it was so fresh and creamy. I would definitely recommend this restaurant to anyone who is looking for outstanding service and authentic tasting food!笑
Dined here for the first time on Thursday evening and had such a wonderful time. The restaurant was very nice, music was great and food was fantastic! We started off with the flatbread bruschetta, absolutely delicious! We then had the grilled calamari and smoked salmon appetizer. The grilled calamari was probably the best calamari I have ever had, it had a nice kick to it. The smoked salmon was good, pretty basic, something I could have made at home so I probably won't order that again. For our entrees, my mom had the chicken limonne (sp?) and I had the ravioli. My mom said the chicken was very good. I absolutely loved the ravioli it had a nice cream sauce and tossed with chicken and prosciutto. The portion size was a very good compared to ther places in the area. Even though I was full, i could not resist finishing my meal; I pretty much felt like I was about to go into a carb coma. We ended our meals with the tiramisu and crime brûlée. Both very delicious, however the tiramisu was a really tiny slice, it could have been a bit bigger. Overall, it was a great experience. The service was excellent: did not have to wait long for food and our server was very professional. the food and wine were exceptional and the atmosphere was great. A very cute restaurant. I am looking forward to my next dining experience there.笑
Awful.  Please don't come here.
Service was terrible; food incredibly average.  There's absolutely no reason to come to this establishment, esp since it's in Yorkville.

I especially liked the "glutton free" pasta option they had on the menu.  Maybe they should have used spell-check...笑
Review is just for ordering so no comment on the restaurant/service.

Delivery is pretty good, the amount of food for the price is very reasonable.  Quality is not spectacular but it's better than a lot.笑
This is an extraordinarily underwhelming place for brunch. With so many other options in the neighbourhood, I would go elsewhere. 

Came here for Sunday brunch around 12pm. It was completely empty. Normally, I would skip and move onto the next restaurant, but a friend of mine had especially picked this restaurant and my other friend that I was with was pressed for time. 

One thing that really stood out was the one employee who was dressed in jeans and a raggedly hooded sweatshirt (perhaps a busboy?). He was standing around by the bar, but it was rather distracting. 

Since the place was empty, our hostess was also our server. In terms of service, she was adequate. For a supposedly upscale place, there was in a bit of hurry to clear our plates. Particularly since the place was empty. Other higher-end restaurants would usually wait until everyone has completed their meal before clearing the table. I suppose you can learn fairly quickly that this is not an upscale restaurant. 

Another nit-pick that bothered me is that coffee refills are not complimentary. This is brunch. People will drink coffee. When you make coffee, you make a pot of coffee. It's hot water and ground coffee beans. This is not alcohol, where you make each drink separately. I found this out when I asked for a refill on my coffee. I asked for a third refill and did not receive it. And by that time, she already gave me my bill and did not care for our table anymore (despite being only one of two tables in the entire restaurant). Speaking of drinks, our server/waitress/hostess (who knows what she is) failed to refill our waters. Breakfast smoothies were also unavailable, despite being on the menu. 

Now, our server was fine. She was not particularly rude. She appeared to be rather bored with her job. Also, she did not seem very knowledgeable about the menu and had to run back a few times for answers. This may not be her fault in particular. It may be simply a communication problem on the restaurant's part. Or perhaps better training is required.

As for the food, the three of us ordered the salmon egg benedict. The hollandaise sauce was acceptable. We ate it, but I am unlikely to come back for brunch again. 

I can only hope dinner here is much, much, much better, as the other reviews seem to imply.

Conclusion: Go elsewhere.

Street parking is free on Sundays until 1pm. Green P parking lot is right by the restaurant; not that I would come back for it.笑
Bad service, the owner is rude. bought a groupon and refunded it.
Regular menu offers similar to groupon so coupon is really not a deal.笑
This was our first time at Fortuna, and I quite honestly cannot wait to go back (with another deal coupon). I purchased a 3-course dinner for 2 through Groupon for $45 - we had the entire menu to chose from, and the menu was FAST! We settled for smoked salmon & grilled calamari appetizers, Baked Chicken Breast Stued with Spinach, Onion, Bacon, Provolone Cream Sauce & Veal, Forest Mushrooms, Marsala Reduction, Grilled Vegetables as mains. Calamari was perfect - crispy on the outside & perfectly soft inside, no hint of rubber! The best part about my chicken main was the cream sauce - it is probably the best cause I've tried in any restaurant. It went perfectly both with the grilled veggies & the chicken itself.
My dessert was the red velvet cake - very fresh & creamy, kudos to the bakery they use.

The atmosphere was quite warm, with music playing in the background at low volume. Our server was courteous and attentive, it was a pleasure to tip her at the end. Wine is moderately priced

One thing I can possibly complain about is the group of 3 who were sitting on our side of the restaurant - they had a young toddler with them who constantly made noise & screeched - the child was obviously bored and cranky. At times it was hard to hear each other over the crying. This is definitely not a type of a restaurant where you bring young kids to so hopefully next time we go, customers like that go else where.

I recommend getting a dinner deal with this place as you would get the experience 3 or 4 courses, and the food is fantastic!笑
Came here for Winterlicious for a friend's birthday dinner. First impression when stepping into the restaurant was that it was actually quite small. I order the Calamari salad (grilled calamari with mixed greens and a tangy salad dressing), Grilled Salmon, and for dessert, Creme Brulee. The food was okay, it was fair for $25. The best thing about the entire dinner was our server, Eric. He was simply amazing! Such a friendly and joyful person. Bravo! He should get a raise or some kind of promotion. He checked up on us often and got us everything we needed.笑
Great recently opened restaurant. Very caring staff serving wonderful pasta. Since it's not in the middle of Yorkville it has not been discovered.