It was decent, I tried it out because of all the great reviews I read here.  The ingredients all seemed quality, the pepperoni, the sausage, the sauce, etc.  Maybe my expectations were just to high, it is just pizza after all lol.  I ordered a large, a medium, and 20 wings and ended up spending about 33 bucks.  The wings were really small...for the money I feel like I've had better.  Could be a matter of preference.  I think I'm a Chicago style guy (Barro's is probably my favorite to date) this seems more like a neopolotine or a New York style.  If your in the area and looking for a decent slice this place isn't bad, just didn't give the wow I was expecting.Ǿ
Love this place, excellent pizza and the best lunch special in town. 2 slices & a drink for less than $5 bucks. If you're looking for good service and a great pie I strongly recommend checking this place out. Lei is the owner and always looking for ways to make sure your visit is as pleasant as possible.Ǿ
I've spent money here twice; once on a take out order and once inside. Service is slow but you get your food...eventually. I'm a huge Italian food fan, especially when they have chicken parm on the menu. At Frankie's, I've ordered the chicken parmigiana sandwich and the chicken parmigiana meal. Both were absolutely awful!! The sandwich bread was so toasted it crumbled apart and the chicken inside was pathetic with 3 very thin cut strips with a tiny amount of sauce and cheese. Thank God you get a side of marinara because you need the sauce of it to get this down.  The chicken parm meal was also disappointing- the spaghetti is grossly overcooked and the marinara has no flavor. I will say the chocolate mousse cake was delicious but I doubt it's made in house. 

I'm sad because Frankie's is pretty close to my house and I really want to like it. It's just not good. Sorry.Ǿ
Food is great, delivery is fast. Try the canollis.Ǿ
I have been coming to this place on and off for a while now, the owner knows me by name lol. I basically order the same thing, pizza and Garlic knots, both amazing. Everyone I have encountered while being there is very nice I recommend a drop by.Ǿ
So I tried Frankies meatball sub.. it was the very best sub that I have ever tasted....EVER...this place is simply the best.Ǿ
Really fresh toppings on a thin crust pizza. Great for individual slices at a low cost. Love coming here with my husband. Nice place to eat there tooǾ
My favorite takeout pizza! Frankie's left a flier on our door so we gave it a try. The crust is chewy and crispy at the same time and is well seasoned. The sauce tastes homemade. The cheese and toppings are in perfect proportions. The prices are extremely fair. We have received takeout twice and both times exceeded my expectations. When I called to order, the man taking the call even informed me that my order qualified for a free liter of soda because of a special they were running. I didn't know anything about the special so it was refreshing for him the offer this without me prompting him. Thanks Frankie's!Ǿ
Not super impressed. We ordered the Margherita pizza and it didn't come with fresh basil, it was a basil seasoning. Pretty disappointed.Ǿ
We placed a delivery order and one of the pizzas were burnt and both tasted salty. I didn't have high expectations for the price.Ǿ
I ordered from here specifically because the reviews were so great on Yelp. We ordered delivery. Had wings, half hot/half medium, extra well done and 2 pizzas. 
Wings: breaded and soggy. Think about a chicken finger that's been dipped in water. Flavor was the same for both hot and medium...not very hot.
Pizza: Very doughy. Very tomatoey. Cheese didn't taste like cheese. Had one slice and decided I'd rather be hungry.  
My entire family was of the same opinion. Just not good. How has the Yelp family gotten this place so wrong?!Ǿ
Been here so often they know me by name. Perhaps that helps but they always have fresh pizza with really good combo deals. I come here once a week and I've tried a lot of their types of pizza. Their white garlic pizza is worth the order. Their margarita pizza is still my favorite along with its giant slice tomatoes and spiced basil instead of fresh has such a unique flavour. They even have a 30" pizza. I got to try it.Ǿ
I wish I could give this place no star so ordered a pizza Cory told me it would be ready in 20 mins. I was there in 25 mins the pizza wasn't even made. Place is very poorly managed she tried blaming the cashier for the error the only reason why I was satisfied was because I was fully refunded. I also didn't appreciate being offered a free cup for soda.Ǿ
I love this place for a quick lunch! They have awesome lunch specials ready to go.  The pizza is Delish and the staff has always been super friendly!! I may just go there today!!Ǿ
Good quick food. The teenagers working the front were friendly and on point. I had two cheese slices and filled me up(I'm big guy 6ft 250lbs) so def not tiny pizza. Very affordable and nice alt to fast food. I recommend this place if your in the area. Look for PIZZA on building.Ǿ
Our friend is a regular here and was raving about this place.  We were fortunate enough for her to have some delievered to her house where we first got to try this delicious pizza.  Her favorite is the white pizza which is good, but I really love this guy's marinara sauce.

We went on our own again a week later to order more pizza..the bomb.  Came back two days later for a calzone and meatball sub...amazing.

Pros:
-marinara sauce
-bread/dough is fresh
-high quality ingredients
-great presentation 
-nice dine in area

Cons:
-so far away from my houseǾ
Frankie contacted me and showed genuine concern for what was an unfortunate experience.  They made it right, and the 2nd batch of pizza I got was tasty.  Thank you Frankie for taking a vested interest in your company's web presence and keep up the good work!Ǿ
Great food as always, pleasant music, big screen tv, fed 3 of us under $20.  The owner gave my children free clementines. Clean, polite, happy servers. Adding menu photosǾ
Been here twice, loved it each time. I ordered it for the office and everyone else agreed that it was delicious. They are true NY pizza and their garlic knots are TO DIE FOR! I'm not sure what kind of expectations people have if they call this pizza terrible. It's on par with any other place I've had in the Valley and definitely one of the better ones in the East Valley.Ǿ
As some who grew up in NY. I take it as an insult to call this NY style. Its little caeser style. That being said its not bad for generic run of the mill Arizona pizza.I use the word generic because I saw it in someone else's review. In NY almost no pizzarea would serve Pepsi.  I have had far worse pizza in az just never worse in jersey. Let me say its much better than little Caesars its just not NY style. They put parm on the crust so that alone should prove the point. I really didn't enjoy my meal. I feel bad because they were nice and the food isn't uneatable its just not for meǾ
This place is overall a solid place. So I'd recommend them to anyone. However, they only get three stars cause they hardly use any toppings and for the actual amount of food you get, it's not a good deal. I like thin slices, but when they're all super thin with little toppings, I gotta eat more to get full. So the price goes up. 
Otherwise, great taste and ok priced. But they could be better.Ǿ
I had placed an order from Eatstreet thinking to try something new for dinner. My order never arrived. I tried calling the restaurant but my call did not go through nor did I receive any information that my order was ready for pick up or had been cancelledǾ
I've ordered from Frankies several times. I really like their pizza. It's hard for me to nail down what it is that is different about their food than other places but All in all I think they do good job.Ǿ
Being a native New Yorker it has been hard to find a good quaint pizza spot. I have finally found 1 in Frankies. Fantastic sauce along with superior dough make for a delicious slice. Also you cant beat the service and price. Well done Frankie's.Ǿ
This place is the absolute best neighborhood pizzeria around! The owner, Frankie, greets customers by name and is very personable. He is willing to "customize" orders if asked.  The pizza is great, a traditional New York Style and his subs are the best....My family loves the Lucca Italiano toasted! Prices are VERY reasonable and they offer many lunchtime specials consisting of combos with slices/wings/salads....stop by and give it a try, you won't be disappointed!Ǿ
Terrible! Terrible 
Pizza was gross - took over an hour to deliver. 
I called to see where my order was and the girl was rude!Ǿ
Great service and Pizza was very good.  Highly recommended.  The restaurant is clean and the owners are very nice.Ǿ
I'm making it my mission to try as many local pizza places in Gilbert as possible, so Frankie's, with its 5 star reviews, has been on my radar for the last month. I attempted to place a phone order, but got hung up on while I was on hold. It was a Friday night so I gave them the benefit of the doubt and called again.

I picked up a margherita, my measuring stick of pizzas. Their pleasantly sweet sauce is very good. The crust had a nice bite to it.  The toppings left a lot to be desired. Just a few tomatoes and a bit of fresh basil buried under average cheese. I don't understand why pizza joints are so abusive to fresh basil. Put it on after the pie comes out of the oven!

Price was good. $13 for a large that feeds two adults. 

Maybe I'm just nostalgic for my younger days, but I still wish this place housed Extreme Pizza.Ǿ
My family ordered a large sausage, onion, and green olive pizza, 2 orders of
 garlic knots, a tiramisu, and a cannoli. We were just delighted with our
 entire order! We were so pleased to find a place that offers green olives as
 a pizza topping. We are from Chicago and have been unable to find any place
  in AZ that offers them. My daughter devours your cheese pizza, but she found
  a new favorite in your garlic knots! She ate 2 of them with your marinara!
  And speaking of your marinara, it is delicious! We can't wait to try your
  pasta! My husband loves the cannoli, but I am a die hard tiramisu fan.
  Outside of the tiramisu I have had on cruise ships, yours is the best! Thank
  you for the quality food, the friendly service, and 2 wonderful visits so
  far! We look forward to singing the praises of your business for many years
  to come!Ǿ
The pizza is so good! I especially love how crunchy and buttery the crust is. There aren't many options of pizza if you just want a slice but the options are endless when you build your own pie. I really enjoyed it!Ǿ
Meh, I've experienced better, pretty much sums up everything about my experience with their food.

I use Margherita pizza as a baseline for my pizza reviews, because A)  I love Margherita pizzas, and B)  if you fuck up a Margherita pizza then you're pretty much showing your ass.

Theirs was a typical slapdash pizza- covered in heavy cheese (which leads to a heavy sheen of oil), sprinkled heavily with powdered basil, with a slice of roma tomato on each pizza slice. A Margherita pizza is a special thing, and it's *SO* easy to get right that when you get it wrong, it's a huge turnoff for me. It's not that tough- start with a good sauce, put a few dollops of good mozzarella, and a few leaves of fresh basil. Booyakasha. Not this overcheesed, oily monstrosity.

Their penne with meatballs was also quite mediocre, but the meatballs themselves weren't terrible. So maybe 2.5 stars, but definitely not 3.Ǿ
First time here. People were nice but pizza was a disappointment. Cheap on toppings literally ordered extra large and maybe one meatball was spread over the pie. Wish it wasn't cause I eat pizza often and was hoping to have a spot .Ǿ
I recently stopped in here since I was in the area and had heard about this thru a friend who had been here when it first opened.  I am a New Jersey Transplant and so my Pizza expectations for Arizona are what they are - that they will always be compared to the places in the area I grew up in and the places I've frequented in the Summer's along the Boardwalks at the Jersey Shore.  

The quality of the pizza was great. Both the dough and sauce were satisfactory for my taste buds. I ordered a medium pizza with veggies on it since I was getting something to go for just myself and to have some left over for the next day.  While I was waiting, I had a slice from under the hot lamp and that was one of the best think crust slices I've had in a while. You won't be disappointed with the quality of pizza here.  The staff was friendly as I talked to them while I was waiting.  The dough is made fresh daily the owner and mentioned you can use it the next day, at the 48 hour mark it won't be as good and the pizza crust will be too chewy.

I've been here twice so far and I'll definitely make this a consistent stop.  While it seems farther from where I live (close to that Tempe Marketplace), and this is on Baseline and Cooper ...it's less than 15 mins away as I timed the drive.  60 to Stapley is ten 10 mins at most, and then just a tad south off the 60 and you're there.  Eventually I need to try their other dishes outside of the pizza menu, but if you're looking for a good pie or to grab a slice, stop in and I'm sure you'll like it.  I read one review below about the person being unhappy with the taste, and I find that hard to believe because the taste was great to me.  Football season is coming up and I will definitely be ordering a couple pizza's on Sunday's to take over to my friends house when we watch NFL and monitor our Fantasy Leagues.Ǿ
I won't review a place without having been there a few times. Anyplace can screw an order up once and anyplace can do great once. I have been to Frankies 4 times in the last 6 months. I have had different pies, wings and pasta. Service has been fast and friendly and the food has been great. I highly recommend this placeǾ
Ordered delivery the first time and went with the Mergherita pizza and was done for. The second time, I went with the Pesto pizza with chicken and it was just as good! 

Having a conversation with these workers is a highlight of picking up the pizza. Such a great neighborhood pizza place. LOVE IT!Ǿ
Tried for the first time last night because it seems like it would be pretty good pizza from all the stars that it has received. I wasn't really impressed with it. We ordered two Large pizzas and they really didn't seem that big. Not the worst pizza I have ever eaten but honestly I would rather eat little caesars pizza for a lot less money. I won't be eating here again. Save yourself some money and just go get a $5 pizza from little caesars.Ǿ
great lunch specials

great lunch specials

Good pizza, nice staff

Did I mention they provide excellent customer service. The owner is super friendly and willing to do what it takes to have a happy customer.Ǿ
The food was great, service was really good and we got our pizzas pretty quick.  The place is clean and the owner was very personable.  We will be going back for sureǾ
Who makes chicken Alfredo with spaghetti noodles, I've never been so disappointed. I order the penne as pictured in the chicken alfredo and got spaghetti alfredo. The only good thing was the cheese bread. Watch out for this pasta swap.Ǿ
Manager and staff have always been very nice.  It is nice to be greeted with a genuine smile.The lunch specials are such a good price for the food and the white pizza is fantastic.Ǿ
Every wednesday the whole office orders from Frankies like clockwork. Sometimes we go twice a week. They have great deals and incredible pizza! Their white pizza and sausage pizza are especially outstanding. They are efficient and always willing to go the extra mile. I went in once right before close and they didnt have the slices I wanted, but Frankie himself made my pizza no questions asked! And even though it was past 9pm they still accepted orders. He lives for pizza.Ǿ
Ordered a pizza from this place and it was terrible,tastless and very generic.....Frankie should take the famous out of his advertisment A.S.A.PǾ
The two slice combo is a great deal and I love the employees. They seems to genuinely care about how you're doing and get to know you.Ǿ
My new favorite pizza joint. They have such a great menu to choose from. The thin crust is super yummy. There is nothing on their menu that my family n I don't like. Their food is really I die for.Ǿ
Ever since my husband and I tried this place, we just fell in love with all of these pizzas! Just something special about the cheese! No more Pizza Hut nor papa johns! We are willing to pick up that pizza all the way from my house!Ǿ
Great Pizza. Awesome value 16" pizza for less than $13. Friendly atmosphere. I'd give 5 stars, but they skimped on the toppings. I would recommend trying.Ǿ
I ordered on a Friday night at around 9pm thru grubhub.com. The delivery man arrived at about 9:40pm.  Pizza was ok and salad was fresh but make sure to rder your chicken wings EXTRA CRISPY...ours were a little rubbery!.Ǿ
Frankie's has become one of our new favorite pizza places.  We don't live close, but drive over at least once every couple of weeks for the delicious pizza.  My personal favorite is the BBQ chicken.  We have tried the deep dish pizza and while we enjoyed it, the regular crust remains our favorite.  We also like the honey bbq wings.  I used to love dipping my wings and pizza crust in the ranch, but the last time we went the ranch was not good.  Too much buttermilk for my taste.  I hope that wasn't a permanent change, and they get the old ranch back.  

Other than that minor issue, we love it!  Owner is super friendly, the food is always delicious and the prices are great for a family dinner!Ǿ
Very friendly staff.  Locally owned!!  I stopped in on my way home and had the spaghetti and meatballs, which was wonderful.  The owner came by my table to make sure everything was to my satisfaction.  How nice!  

I had a few slices of pizza the other day for a quick lunch.  It was very good as well.   It's behind Burger King, but this is better than any burgers ;-)

I'll be back and I'll bring friends in as well. Support locally owned restaurants!!Ǿ
This is my top pick restaurant when hanging out with coworkers. have been there for many times.. one of the best pizza in town so far.
Last time visited, we ordered chicken alfredo pasta, hawaiian pizza,and supreme pizza.    their crust is crispy and chessey! ohh. and don't forget to order their canolli desserts, it reminds me how authentic canolli in italy!  if you want to taste fresh home made dough pizza , this place !!Ǿ
I ordered pizza over the phone and had a tough time communicating with the lady on the phone. She proceeded to get someone else to take the order after exclaiming "I can't understand this guy at all!". The person understood me immediately and relayed the phone back to the lady. I find this comical due to the fact that the lady answering phones has a thick accent and it is actually very difficult to understand her. The pizza served is just ok, nothing special. I had ordered the pizza through Grub Hub multiple times because they had a special where you could get a large, a medium, and a small for $21.00 including tax, delivery and solid tip. I won't be ordering again unless I am short on money and the deal is going on.Ǿ
I stop here at least twice a week for lunch. Can't beat the lunch specials and it's always a treat seeing the staff and ownership. 5/5Ǿ
The Pizza was Terrible, sauce had little flavor. My kids didn't even finish there's.  Good point is the Cannolli's are Good, freshly made. I would go back for desert but that's it.Ǿ
This place seems to change owners pretty frequently, but regardless the flavor does not change! Their garlic knots are a must. Fresh,hot and super greasy-- delicious!! The pizza is always fresh as well and not too greasy. Simply good food! It's never packed in here so food comes out fairly quick. Not to mention the prices are some of the best in Gilbert. Definitely check this place out!Ǿ
My friend took me to this little quaint, casual New York style pizza place.  Self seating for about 30 people.  When we walked in, Frankie was seating a party of 14.  He acknowledged us right away and we went ahead and took a seat.  Once he and his employee Gary, got their orders and had them settled, he came over.  Frankie is in his element with customer service.  We took our time checking out the place and the menu.  The place is clean, including the bathroom.  Simple menu with pizza, pasta, hot and cold subs, salads, and calzones.  Cannoli and cheesecake for dessert.  Lunch specials are available with single slices. Very affordable.

Our meal started off with garlic knots.  Frankie has experimented with recipes for the "sauce" and has wonderful blend of olive oil and garlic for the knots.  They are served with little cup of marinara sauce.  Nicely baked with the right amount of doughy center.  These are a must have.  We both chose greek salads and calzones for the meal.  The salad dressing is one of Frankies recipes, just the right amount of taste and tang.  
The cheese calzone was just the right blend of cheeses.  Any of the pizza toppings can be used in the stuffing for the calzones, and my dinner partner decided on mushrooms and chicken.  I couldn't believe the amount of chicken and mushrooms.  So very tasty.  Found out that Frankie has his own recipe for the dough and the dough is made in the kitchen.  Very good!  All of the ingredients are fresh, and he has perfected the right amount of spices, which really brings out the great flavors of the food.  For dessert, I couldn't pass up a cannoli.  Fresh, homemade by Frankie.  Mmmm, good!

While we were there, another family came in for dinner - customer service was great for everyone.  The atmosphere is like being in the family kitchen with great conversation, kids having fun, and Frankie having fun leaning over the counter talking to a couple of the guys that had gotten up from the big party, and were now hanging out at the counter.  This is a feel-good place to visit.  Hopefully Gary will be there also.  Gary is a transplant from New York and in his element with customer service.  Lots of fun.  We drove down from Scottsdale to try this place, and this is difinitely being put on my favorites lists.  Take the time to stop in here.Ǿ
I stopped in for a pie after work and........ $12.00 for a 16 inch!!!! Awesome...Ǿ
if I could rate this 0 stars I would. I've been sitting here for around 10 minutes and the guy behind the counter walked up to me and asked me what I ordered. then he took pizza that was sitting out for what looks like awhile and heated up the pizza. he obviously had no idea what he was doing.

the pizza was okay but nothing special.

very disappointed in the service I received here, will not be going back.Ǿ
I don't know who is writing these reviews but coming from someone who has roots in western ny buffalo ny I'd know a thing or two about pizza and wings the wings were baked the same place where they bake the pizza and bake the garlic knots and probably everything else very gross the pizza was very gross as well and I read some other reviews that if you argue with them you won't win so I had to suck it up and take the food the pizza has no flavor you get better flavor at Little Caesars and I don't know how this place would be famous hence the name my kids wouldn't even touch it if you want decent pizza I suggest NYPD or prima or barros..Ǿ
Top notch food, great prices, and even better customer service.  This has rapidly become our favorite place to get pizza and wings.  The food is amazing, prices are great, and the owners treat us like family.  Everything is super fresh and high quality and the food taste that way. We will be customers for life.Ǿ
Location is good and staff was friendly and after all the great reviews we thought we would give it a try. ..I have to say that for a $10 pizza I got my moneys worth. Still in search for some real NY pizza..... this place was just okay, didn't taste like they use quality of fresh ingredients.... and they have Pepsi,  eh. Chances are we wouldn't try it again.Ǿ
If you're looking for an AUTHENTIC, affordable pizza place, look no further!

I normally don't go out for pizza because it's so tough to find a good place. I came here on a recommendation and was impressed! If you don't live in the area, it is  definitely worth the drive! The crust is thin but crunchy, the sauce was just the right amount and the ingredients were very fresh and flavorful. 

Be sure to grab a cannoli on your way out and tell your friends about Frankie's!Ǿ
Used Grubhub and "ate" here for the first time tonight.

Our food was delivered 20 minutes past the time window.  I called to see if it was out for delivery (the GrubHub app never updated beyond "They got your order") and it was.  We live two miles by Google maps, all surface streets, from this place and it took him over 10 minutes to get here.  No, we don't have rush hour on the streets of Gilbert at 8:00 - even on a Friday.

My spaghetti was so overcooked there was absolutely no need to chew it.  I took one bite and tossed it across the table.  Dinner for me is now Frosted Flakes.  My toothless one year old enjoyed his portion.  The garlic bread was the same quality that comes out of a Texas Toast box from Walmart - so nothing to write home about.  My hubby commented that the wings are "decent."

That is literally the only nice thing we have to say:  The wings are "decent."

We will never use GrubHub again and we will never eat here again.  Thanks for a great Friday.Ǿ
Order was cold. Salad $8.45 - ended up being like a small side salad. Wings were supposed to be honey hot. Received hot (really hot) no honey. Called to ask restaurant for correct wings. Delivery driver came back angry, tossed them on my desk and said next time order mild. Opened them up and still screaming spicy. Can't eat and will not order from them again. VERY RUDE! Don't order from here.Ǿ
I went to this place tonight and it was absolutely amazing! I stumbled upon it by chance and I am glad we randomly drove by here. The crust was great, flavorful, just the right thickness. There wasn't too much sauce and it wasn't dripping grease. Their cannoli's were great too! The owner was very friendly and took pride in his work, something you don't see very often. Very happy I ate here! :)  I hope they keep it up.Ǿ
I don't know where to start with my bad experience here.  
About three or four days ago I ordered and it took an hour and a half to come.  My kids were bawling.  I have never had pizza take more than 45 minutes before, but I have never ordered here before.  Online it said it would take no more than an hour, which I figured would leave us a bit hungry but would still be ok. 

After waiting 60 minutes I called the first time.  I was surprised that it hadn't shown up yet, and even more surprised that they hadn't called me to tell me what was going on.  They said it was out for delivery.  30 minutes later, still nothing.  I call again, he says there were 2 other orders made at the same time as mine (?! so that justifies it ?! you can't handle THREE orders?!) and that is should be here any minute.  He said he would call the delivery guy.  A couple minutes later the delivery guy shows up.  He said the same thing, two other orders.  

I pay for the food. After the guy leaves I realize he forgot the one thing I ordered for myself.
NO side salad.  NO side salad,  Ugh, I'm pissed.

I open the boxes of pizza and cheese sticks and hand it out to my family.  The pizza is OLD.  Obviously it's been sitting for a long time.  It was AWFUL.  In my experience if you are raving hungry almost anything tastes fantastic, my kids cried even more after one bite because they hated it.  These kids will eat gas station pizza.  Wouldn't touch the cheese sticks either after the first bite.  Both made me gag.  It didn't help that the center of the pizza was somehow soggy.  It seemed like they either left out the salt or just had a bad recipe to begin with.

FINALLY we opened the chicken alfredo.  It was the one thing that tasted good.  We devoured it.  I open the cake, it looks different than the picture online, I figure what the heck no surprise, and it tasted fine.  I put the useless pizza and cheesesticks in the fridge in hopes I could convince the family to eat it later, no dice.  I finally threw it out today.  

Between the salad they didn't give me, the messed up pizza and cheesesticks I figure these guys scammed me out of $21.  

Honestly I would love to complain and throw a big fit, but if you have a traveling spouse and you are swamped with kids and work and whatnot the most time I have is to complain here and do my best to turn people off from this place.  

If they were a good company they would have called to say they would be late, if they were a good company I shouldn't have had to pay for old bad tasting pizza, if they were a good company they would either have better food or pay closer attention and get the recipe right, if they were a good company they would get my ORDER right, if they were a good company they would have called ME after knowing nothing except that they had taken a horribly long time to deliver and that there was no way the pizza was fresh.  

EVERYTHING that could go wrong did.  DO NOT EAT HERE!!!Ǿ
We will see...just got here, told 15 to 20 minutes for pizza. 15 minute wait so far.

To be continued...

Yum! Okay, worth the extra 5 minutes wait!

I got the extra large, regular crust with garlic Vegetarian with no Green Peppers and added Green Olives. OMG...so good and cheesy!  The crust was perfectly crispy and not chewy! 

This pizza was GREAT! Don't know why I haven't been there before...it's right behind Burger King on Baseline and Stapley. 

Go, go...great price and I'm glad to say, it is better than Venezia's.Ǿ
My family and I really love this place! The family special is awesome for all my boys who eat a ton!Ǿ
I had to throw out half of my salad because it was wilted and couldn't eat the garlic knots because they were too undercooked. I can understand these things because it was a busy Sunday, but the delivery was slow and the driver was a complete jerk. He dropped things when he delivered, didn't help pick them up and tossed the food at me, all while I was signing the bill and writing in my tip. I have worked in the customer service industry for years but this was by far the worst service I ever received. 

The only saving grace was I called and talked to the manager. She was apologetic when I told her what happened and we had a nice conversation and told me she would talk to him and do more training with her drivers. I told her that was my first time ordering there and she offered me a discount next time I ordered. We shall see.Ǿ
A brand new pizza concept hits the Valley... sandwiched between Sammy's Place and a Subway, this is a new "fast casual" pizza restaurant. It's not yet "famous" here in Phoenix, but they definitely aspire to be. The owner - Frank - clearly spent a lot of time and money on this place, and he seems to be passionate about the business. That's always a good sign. 

The restaurant is sharp and clean and has a shiny new coat of paint. Though there used to be a different pizza joint in this spot at one point, you wouldn't know it. You can tell they use quality fresh ingredients and a lot of thought went into it. 

I had a slice of pepperoni and a cannoli, and both were absolutely delicious. The crust on the pizza was light and crisp and flavorful... it ranks pretty high on my list for pizza crust I'd say. It was a tasty slice. You can't go wrong here. 

They've only been open for 2 days so far, but they seemed to hit the ground running. They currently offer slices and whole pizzas to-go, and they eventually plan to add delivery and online ordering and the whole 9 yards... delivery hopefully soon. The prices here are low in spite of the atmosphere suggesting otherwise. The owner seems like a nice genuine guy whose goal is happy customers. I hope this place does well and that he opens one up near my house. I think he plans to make more of these... he should.Ǿ
Very friendly. Quality food. The restaurant was very clean and comfortable. The food was hot and fresh from the oven. The guy at the counter ensured we got the best deal by offering specials instead of charging individually. I would definitely recommend this place to my friends and family.Ǿ
This pizza is the most debated in our family.  My son just loves it, my wife will eat it but would rather pass and I just don't like it. Crust is good but lacks sauce and very lite on toppings.  It is not greasy at all so I think this is why my son likes it so much.Ǿ
I only had pasta and a side salad ordered via a delivery service. The chicken Alfredo over penne was fairly tasteless. The sauce might as well have come from a jar for all the (lack of) flavor it had. The pasta itself was just dry noodles I could have boiled myself. At least that wasn't overcooked.  The salad was fine, though that's not a cooked item so nothing special either.Ǿ
Ordered online to pay in store.  Total was $23. Got to the store and they tried to tell me their website was wrong,  it wasn't their fault,  and that they wouldn't honor it and that I owed them $45.  For the inconvenience they'd give me 15% off. I said I wouldn't pay that much so to just drop my order to 2 pizzas since they advertised them for $8 on the front sign.  Went to pay and they said they wouldn't accept the gift certificates I had as payment for a discounted pizza. My husband made a comment about it being ridiculous and that we were leaving and the man behind the counter says "get out before I make you get out" and starts antagonizing my husband trying to get him to fight him screaming out the store even as we're in the parking lot.  How ridiculous is it to think they don't honor their prices... Their gift certificates aren't as good as cash...  and that you may get verbally assaulted by the cashier (and who knows maybe even info a fight if you aren't with someone that can walk away). Even with the $50 in gift Certificates we were given we will not be supporting this business.Ǿ
My first time here. Excellent pizza for a veggie pizza. I can taste all toppings and the crust was nice and crispy where it needed to be. I can see employees rolling out and shaping the dough. Great service. I will be back again.Ǿ
I decided to give Frankie's another chance and we ordered the White Pizza again.  Sadly this is a pizza that has little moisture so even though it arrived hot this time due to an excellent driver.  The pizza does not make for a good delivery, maybe we will try dining in one day.  The cannoli's are always delicious so for those I give 4 thumbs up!Ǿ
The staff is as friendly as the food which is AMAZING! We will definitely order again! Delivery was very fast and the food was hot when received. Don't forget desert, the cannoli are the best in Gilbert!Ǿ
Totally agree with Max A. The food is good and the owner takes pride in what he does. Automatic win for me.

I love that they offer by the slice. My household is me and my 6 year old son so it's hard to commit to a full pizza when we want pizza. Also, they have lunch combos of a slice and a drink for $2.50; a slice, a side salad (choice of any salad they offer), and a drink for $5; etc... Their lunch combos top out at $5 and offer a wide range of choices. I wished my work was close to here because it would be a great spot for lunch during the work day.Ǿ
We had 4 party pizzas.  Great pizza for the price and size.  We fed 13 kids and 20 adults for a birthday and some leftover.  A hidden gem and ran by the nicest people!Ǿ
We've had delivery from Frankie's twice now, and it's the consensus family favorite.  The dough is made fresh (and tastes GREAT), the sauce is robust but not overpowering, and they don't skimp on toppings.  An XL 1-topping is only $11.99, they offer FREE delivery, and I can order on-line.  You really can't beat all that for convenience & value.  

I also like the good variety of hot and cold sandwiches and pasta dishes they offer for those times when the kid wants pizza again and I don't.   Plus, the parm garlic knots w/sauce are spectacular - I almost like them more than the pizza!

The only drawback here is that the pizza can be somewhat greasy.  I don't know if that's from the type of pepperoni they use or what, but I just blot it and pretend that reduces the amount of fat/calories I'm about to consume.  Pizza is good for you, right?Ǿ
I would say overall that this pizza joint is a good one. It's not far from our house, so it usually doesn't take long for delivery. I've noticed that when Frankie (the owner) works there, the pizza is amazing. We usually get pepperoni and garlic knots. A couple of nights we've gone to pick up an order, it isn't ready when they said it would be, and the pizza just doesn't taste the same... that is when there are teenagers working- so maybe it had to do with that? I'm still sold on ordering during the day- the prices have kind of gone up but they do have some great specials.Ǿ
It was ok. Delivery was super quick and food was hot. Last minute order. Spaghetti sauce was basic and almost bland.  The meatballs were tasty tho. Im glad i ordered them with the pasta. Garlic bread was average, soft center, toasted outside. The pizza left much to be desired. It was for my kid and he isnt picky. Im moving on to the next place.Ǿ
1st time. Brought in by Yelp. Was not disappointed. Cheese sticks were great and the crust was perfect.Ǿ
I was getting a lube and oil job at Advanced Auto Service and noticed a restaurant called Frankie's Pizza right across the drive in the same center. I'm glad I walked over for lunch because the salad was crispy fresh, the pizza was delicious and the owner's know what good service and hospitality are all about. I will go back long before my car needs it's next service. Keep up the great work Frankie's.Ǿ
Frankie sold the business and the name to new owners. This was my first order since the sell and it just wasn't good. The crust was thinner and basic - not what I expected.

I also ordered the meatball sub because it had good reviews online. I don't know why. 

Save your money and pass on the "new" Frankies. Prices went up and food quality went down. This was my favorite place in town too. Sad day.Ǿ
Best pizza ever!!!!  Must get the bread sticks  :-) plus the price very fair. Just love this placeǾ
Great Pizza and HomeMade Cannoli. Very friendly people just a cashier and a Man who i think is the owner Making all the pizzas. I would have gave 5 stars but the wings I ordered were Baked not fried. I prefer fried, but over all still tasty i would order wings again. I will be going back.  Really good lunch specials also. BEST Cannoli try them!Ǿ
Bummer.. i had hoped to fall in the middle with this place getting bad reviews and great reviews
but what can i say
it is bland beyond compare almost like they use the cheapest canned tomato sauce that they can buy.i have actually had better pizza from the chain delivery places.
i ordered a side of wings to go with my pizza (honey BBQ)
and the same bland taste once again
sorry but i will take a pass on this place next time
and famous pizza????? more like frozen pizza tasteǾ
Love their pizza and garlic knots! Delivery was really quick as well. Will definitely order again! :)