A group of co-workers decided to go here for summerlicious, first of all, summerlicious is an opportunity for restaurants to put out there their best food so you want to come back and pay regular price for it....well this place completely missed the mark on that. 
The menu sounded appetizing but it began with the server bringing water to the table and proceeding to ask us for our food orders, that's all fine but then she didn't even ask if anyone wanted a drink (other than the water). Once our food came out it was a disappointment after disappointment, some food was cold, tasted like it had been re-heated and the best parts of anything was the sauces put on the food. 
Definitely not going back here.Ǿ
My boyfriend got a good deal online for a 4 course meal for this resturant.  I have no idea whether they were under staff or not but that shouldnt be the issue, they couldve let us know for a heads up and not make us wait for each meal.  My first experience at vino rosso was horrible and this was on Valentine's day.  Dont get me wrong, the food was great but the SERVICE was hell.  They questioned us back if we wanted water when we clearly wanted water and they shouldve given water when we first sat down, i think that is proper service 101 for any resturant. Literally took them 20-30 minutes for each dish to come out.  Whole experience was feeling agitated and anxious.  And the last course which was dessert, the order that came out for me was wrong and didnt even take it back and my boyfriend and i wanted was get the bill and leave asap by than, so thats what happened, asked for the bill when dessert came, stuffed it down asap and left.  The customers to the right wasnt too happy either about their service, when they sat down, they waited probably about 20 minute to take their order and they had to get the waiter'waitress attention.  By the end, we told ourselve that we wouldve rather stayed in and order take out and not have dealt with the experience and expecially how cold it was outside.Ǿ
This place was very good before, but not anymore. They started doing $5 express takeout and $3 breakfast and last week they changed menu (not reflected on website yet). The original menu was good and food was great, but now they dropped the price by quite a lot (for example risotto from ~$25 to ~$15). I think this place has shifted to a cheap mediocre shop. Even though this place is no longer a nice dining choice of mine, I will try their express takeout just out of curiosity.Ǿ
Visited Vino Rosso for Summerlicious. The service was slow even though my table was the only party in the restaurant (this should have tipped us off about the quality already). No kidding, the entire place was empty except for us! 

Service started out well enough, but the disappointments came one after the other. Our waiter came with bread for the table but then came late with the olive oil and balsamic vinegar, and then again parmesan cheese as well. I am not picky about my bread but the constant disruption was not appreciated and made me feel like the service was lagging. I found myself frustrated again when (1) our waiter offered to refill our water and never came back with it (2) we had to ask twice to get the bill and (3) it took forever to get the bill, once again, considering there were no other tables in the restaurant. 

The food was equally underwhelming. The bread was gross, nothing more to say. The Caprese Insalata was decent but nothing special. My main, a Penne Arrabiata, tasted like glorified penne swimming in spicy tomato sauce. Definitely did NOT taste like fresh pasta as advertised. And for dessert, the waiter had the gall to tell me that I was getting a chocolate cake (Tartufo), when it was just chocolate ice cream. I could've gotten much better for much less at a local ice cream parlour. So disappointed. Will definitely not be going back to Vino Rosso. A total waste of my money. 

PS. For those who care, they add an automatic 15% gratuity.Ǿ
First let's mention that this place offers halal meat and does not serve pork. They do use wine to cook but if you mention that you eat halal, they can make substations for you.

Now, I came here with old colleagues for summerlicious and to catch up. We made reservations for 6pm. When we arrived, one of party was running late. But the server kept coming around to refill glasses and check up on us. When everyone was here, however, they tried to rush us into ordering a little. Eventually they stopped, to the point that we had to then call them over when we were all ready to order.

The excellent part is a lot of us were torn on what we wanted. They were really nice and offered us to somewhat combine dishes. They usually offer a substitution for the steak, instead of mashed potatoes and veggies you can get pasta. But the pasta is usually like penne. Thy graciously allowed us to have lobster ravioli as out pasta side. Two pieces of ravioli (the actually dish has 6 pieces) with our steak. We even got complimentary veggies to share amongst the four of us.

The downside to this great offer was that I ordered a medium steak and got something closer to medium-well. And the lobster ravioli wasn't that great. Although the sauce was amazing.
For our apps we had gotten calamari, meatballs and crab cake. The crab cake was a bit lonely, just one cake. The meatballs were good. But tiny and only four. The calamari was delicious!
The most pathetic part of our meal was the dessert. When put together it was pretty yummy, esp the ricotta gelato. The brownie was okay and the poached pear looked like tuna sashimi on the plate. It was yummy but two pieces of it was too much for the tiny dollop of gelato. I wish they hadn't presented it deconstructed on such a large plate.

So the food was hit and miss. My negative comments relate to the service. We were very pleased with the service until we finished dinner and dessert and no one came around for ages. Then they went to get four bills and did come back for another 15 mins. In the meantime I had to use the washroom. When I saw there was no toilet paper, I went back to notify one of the employees there. She said okay, but did not go to replace the roll. I had to borrow wet wipes from a friend to use their washroom ...... That is not good service. ESP in a restaurant. That isn't bustling with diners. Lastly, I paid in cash and it took another 15 mins before my change came around and we could finally leave.

This seems like a nice place, but it also seems like they won't be open for long. The food was okay, the service averages to okay. They weren't busy. I won't be going back. It's harsh to say it, but it definitely doesn't look like a business that will last.Ǿ
Came here on a Thursday night with a Buytopia deal for a 3 course meal for 2 people that comes with a glass of wine or beer.

I wanted to call ahead to make a reservation but the phone number for the restaurant does not work during the day, it rings once then goes to a recorded message "Sorry the number you have called is not a sign". I called almost every hour from 12 until 5pm and finally by 6pm, the call gets through. Super weird!

When we got there, the place had a few tables, but the vibe felt very empty. There was one server working all night. She seemed like she was either new or have barely any experience at all. She gave us the set menu to choose as we showed her the deal. She came back every 5 mins asking if we were ready and every time we would say we need more time. We asked for water to start off our meal and we didn't get it until 15 mins later after we ordered. And we had to remind her one last time before she came with it, most likely have forgotten when there's only one other table in the restaurant.

She brought over some bread, which seemed like its homemade with a little olive oil drizzled on top of it. But as I took a little bit into the bread, I spilt it right out!! It was SUPER SALTY!!!
Like it was dipped in salt or something!!

Our appetizers came which was the grilled calamari and crab cakes. BOTH were SALTY as well! Calamari was cold topped with some homemade salsa which tasted like diced tomatoes and onions tossed in olive oil. There were canned grilled red peppers on the side but they were cold as if they literally came out of the fridge. 

The crab cake was one round piece size of your palm cut in half. I only tasted potatoes, corn and carrots. There was no crab or didn't see any sight of crab. Tasted like I was eating potato cakes instead. SUPER DISAPPOINTING!!

The mains came, which were a tapilia and 7oz steak, both with vegetables. The tapilia was dry and tasted like it has been in the freezer for ages, it had a FREEZER TASTE! The steak was cooked at the right color but it tasted stale and you can tell by the texture that it's an old piece of steak. The texture felt like it was a medium well when I ordered a medium rare, it looked like a medium rare though, which I got so confused. The steamed/boiled vegetables were the WORSE!!! One big piece of brocoli that had to be boiled for over 10 mins, it was MUSHY like baby food! The carrots were also OVERCOOKED and MUSHY, also like baby food!! The potatoes were yukon gold, cut up into BIG chunks, some were also overcooked so it was MUSHY but there was one piece that was RARE, CRUNCHY when I bit into it. WORSE VEGETABLES I have ever eaten!!

Desserts were a tiramisu and new york cheesecake. The cheesecake tastes okay since you can tell that it was store brought and not made in house. The tiramisu tasted okay but texture was SUPER MUSHY!!

Overall, EVERYTHING IS BAD!! FOOD IS SALTY, MUSHY, totally NOT SUPPOSE TO BE WHAT IT TASTED!! The waitress was weird all night, everytime coming to the table making it very awkward; either trying to rearrange the dishes to make it seem more convinent for us but actually not, trying to ask us about the food but reacting in an awkward way, it just made us feel UNEASY!

WILL NEVER COME BACK AND DON'T SUGGEST ANYONE COMING!!!!Ǿ
Went here on a Tuesday using a Travelzoo voucher. The portion sizes are small. The appetizers we had were small but tasty. I ordered the NY Striploin medium and my associate ordered the Grilled Atlantic Salmon. The steak was a chewy and my associates Salmon looked cooked but was raw inside. They tried to recook it and made it worse, it was now so chewy that my associate lost her appetite. 

On the other hand the service was good. There server was empathetic and tried to make it right, but there is only so much he could do.


**EDIT**
As per the Owners Response. I did mention above I used a TravelZoo voucher. The owner mentions that no bill was bought to the table. He is correct, we already paid $49 for the voucher, so more than 3/4 portion of it was already paid for. My comment was for the food alone, I would like to point out is the Salmon was RAW inside, not medium rare. As far as I know in Ontario food must be cooked well unless advised by the customer (for steaks, etc). So unless I am mistaken, what I read from the owners response, is that if you do come here for any special or voucher and if the food turns out to be uncooked, you do not have the right to be upset or post any negative reviews.Ǿ
We came in here on a Thursday evening mainly because there wasn't a large number of people here. We were hungry and figured we would be able to get our food fast.

We started with the soup of the day (a sweet potatoe soup) and ordered the grilled salmon with pasta and eggplant parmesan (a special of the day) to have for entree. We asked for a recommendation for what to have with our meal and were recommended a red wine. The soup tasted good flavour wise but could have been a little creamier and less watery. Both main were good, but it was a little surprsing that the eggplant parmesan wasn't served with anything else (no pasta? no rice?). It tasted great (I love eggplant), but wish I was told that so I could order something to go with it. We didn't think the wine went well with the meal, and it was a little sour as well (the perils of ordering per glass I guess). For dessert we ordered the house made tiramisu. I liked that it was not overly sweet.

The service was friendly. We split the soup and dessert and they were nice enough to split the soup into two bowls rather than just give us another spoon. It wasn't as fast as we had hoped, but it wasn't necessarily slow.

Other thought: It is a little dark in the restaurant. I guess that's the ambience they want there, but a part of me thought it was a little too dark.Ǿ
This is my first time rating on Yelp as I felt it is necessary to inform everyone about what I experienced in this restaurant. We made a reservation for lunch with a few of my coworkers. I've read on Yelp that this restaurant is very understaffed and they're fairly slow on preparing the food orders. I didn't expect to wait 40 mins for an appetizer; after finishing the appetizer, we were all waiting for the main course. We waited for another 20 mins but no food has showed up yet, and we asked the waiter if the food will be ready. We waited another 10 mins and realized that we have already been in the restaurant for over an hour and it had already passed our allowed lunch time; we have only had an appetizer. As a result, we asked the waiter to have our lunch to go. Since the summerlicious menu we paid for also includes dessert, we asked the waiter if we could get the dessert to go. He was extremely unhappy about it and told us that "you can't expect us to have your food ready in 25 mins! If you want dessert, you have to wait!" (But we were there for over an hour). Overall, the food was not the best quality I had. It was not worth the money and time to go. Make sure you guys read Yelp before going!Ǿ
A quaint little restaurant. Very quiet which was expected for a weekday evening. Food was great with the waiter referring to the "Ossobuco" as magic meat. Well I don't know if it was magical since I didn't see any sparks or flying pigs (flying veal?) but it was quite a tender piece of meat. My friend's whole wheat spaghetti was quite disappointing, such that she could not finish the dish.
Overall not bad for an Italian restaurant, but would like to visit again to try out other menu items.Ǿ
I went here on Valentine's Day. The service was so slow. It took them 20 mins to get my boyfriend and me water and we actually asked for it twice. For the 4 course meal, it also took so long, like 30 mins for each course. They has Valentine's manu for that day but I asked for regular menu as well because I wanted to order something else. The waitress gave me the manu but when I finally decided what to order, she told me that they couldn't do regular manu because they don't have enough time. Anyways, the food is good; just the service.Ǿ
Good value for money. Decent Italian cuisine. Rony gets a little old Italian lady to make his pasta and she does a great job on the gnocchi and his chef adds the red sauce. I recommend the veal Marsala. On the drier side, not the meat, I mean not so saucy but delicious and moist pasta and crisp veggies. Small but respectable wine list.  We had a 2011 Italian Barbera for under $50. Lovely desserts and pretty good espresso.Ǿ
We had a three course meal here for lunch.
Nothing special. The menu said "crabcakes" but it only came with 1 crabcake :(. The chicken parmesan was a bit dry. The dessert was not memorable. 
The service was slow. I ate 2 baskets of bread by myself waiting for our mains to arrive, and I was still hungry leaving this place...

Not worth $25.Ǿ
I came here for lunch with a co-worker, the waitress (who has short black hair and a thick accent) seated us at our table and completely disregarded as for over 30 minutes, until I called her over asking for bread (that they always bring over), 7 minutes later she came back with 4 pieces of cold bread. She brought over our food, I ordered the chef's recommendation which was the tortellini - the portion size was incredibly small and it only came with four thinly sliced sausages. My co-worker ordered the fettuccine with mushrooms (don't remember the exact title) it was incredibly bland, basically it was fettuccine, some mushrooms, and heavy cream, it had absolutely no flavor. The waitress only offered us black pepper and did not offer us parmigiana cheese, when in fact she offered it to everyone else. When I asked for more bread, she came back 10 minutes later with more cold bread, I had to ask her to bring us fresh bread, she disappeared for another 5 minutes and came back with hot bread (which I'm 100% was just microwaved).

All in all, I would not recommend this place to anyone. Not unless you really like bad service and bland tasting food.Ǿ
THE CUSTOMER ALWAYS COMES LAST

I have not even visited this place and have a terrible opinion of it.  I would never set foot in it or speak well of the place as this restaurant in June wanted new customers so they offered a discount through Buytopia -- $15 spent for a $30 food voucher.  I'd been ill and so waited until I felt better -- the last weekend the voucher was valid. 

I called to make a reservation and was told that they had what I call a "bigger, better deal" -- when they had the opportunity to rent out the whole place for those days, they did so.  I asked the man I was speaking to whether the voucher would be honoured later than the expiry date, considering that it was their fault that I could not redeem the voucher.  He told me, yes, they would; then said, ask the manager, though.

Uh oh.

I emailed the manager who said, yes, they booked the whole place but NO they would not honour the voucher after the expiry date (which THEY themselves, failed to honour, not I).

If you make a reservation, don't be surprised if you show up and they don't serve you because of...well, they're greedy and unprofessional and lack common sense.

I see this restaurant offering Groupon discounts, still.  BEWARE.Ǿ
We came here for summerlicious. The apps were the best part of our meal- crab cake and calamari. Both delicious. My dining companion had the lobster ravioli and I had the salmon. The salmon was a little over done. The ravioli was good. The trio of desserts were meh.

At some point I ended up with a bug in my wine glass. As soon as the waiter saw it, he got me a new glass, poured me a fresh glass of wine from the bottle and apologized for the incident.

If you are not in a rush and want to go to a place where you can hear your date talk, this is a good place to go. The restaurant was at half capacity, and we found the pacing and service just right.