Just got back from dinner at Mojito Cubano and wow, that was delicious! Had a few Mojito's ($10) which were the best I've had in the city to start then split some food with my wife. We ordered the flank steak ($17) and the Cuban sandwich ($11) and shared both. The homemade hot sauce really took the Cuban sandwich to a new level. It was delicious and not greasy like the Cuban sandwich at La Cubana. The atmosphere was really nice with the Spanish music. I felt like I was actually in Cuba as the restaurant was nice and warm on a cold night (I hate how so many of these new places neglect keeping the place warm). The flank steak was delicious also. The plantains were a nice compliment and the Cuban rice was very tasty also. Definitely looking forward to returning for some mojitos and to try some other items on the menu. Their wine is crazy cheap also at $28 per bottle. Makes a very great affordable date night or dinner with friends and family.Ǿ
We scheduled the dinner and booked with enough time. We were a big group. After waiting 2 1/2 hours for dinner, the consent of the majority was that food was not great. 
Yucca frita was really good. However the congris was not good. Fish was lacking flavour, roast chicken was not good either.
Ropa vieja was good, I ordered and I liked it.
In general, an advice is to either reject or well coordinate food preparation when a big group is accepted. The kitchen is small and there was only one cooker there. He did a good effort but we spend more than 3 hours on the restaurant.Ǿ
Mojito Cubana opened in my neighbourhood and we recently decided to check it out. Super friendly staff! The bartender chatted with us and we met the chef as well. Food was delish! Everything was really clean and fresh tasting. We ordered the black bean soup which was really tasty and something you'd love to have on a cold night. We also ordered the chicken quesadillas which were very good too. Not too cheesy which can sometimes make the dish really greasy. The garlic shrimp was yummy and soaking the fresh homemade bread in the oil was an added treat. We also ordered the fried plantains which which added a nice little bit of sweetness to our meal. They had just ran out of the chicken wings so we were a little disappointed about that but the chef brought out the sauce he uses so we could give it a try with a little bit of bread. It's a nice and bright tasting sauce with a little bit of a zip! Can't wait to go back and have it on the wings. The only little add, I would suggest to serve a little bit of sour cream or some sort of non-spicy dip to go along with the quesadillas for those that can't handle a tonnes of spice but overall a great new addition to the Parkdale hood!Ǿ
The food was absolutely delicious and the service was very friendly. Its a cozy restaurant with a great atmosphere. I would definitely recommend!Ǿ
We stopped in for a sandwich. We both had the Cuban sandwich. Mine was hot, my companions was medium. The price was $11. It was small and it came with a few fries and it was underwhelming. My companion had apiece of gristle the size of a small tumor in hers. The staff were friendly however I won't go back.Ǿ
Great Parkdale addition. Good, fresh food at a great price point. Spanish omelette was perfect, and the cubano was like a tightly-wound condensation of flavour. Eat here!!!!Ǿ
Great addition to the neighborhood! I really enjoy the Cuban Sandwhich with fried Yucca on side.