This rating is based on 2 drinks and an appetizer.  I plan on going again for dinner and will update my review. 

My first impression when walkling into this place was that it's still new and shiny.  They've only been open a few months and they do a good job of looking modern without trying to be, too, hip so I'm hoping this will become a permanent fixture in the area. 

The fried oyster app was very good 4/5. I only gave 4 because my husband makes amazing fried oysters at home and has the 5/5 spot. The breading is seasoned and crunchy, and the oysters were fresh. Even though it's deep fried, the dish isn't heavy.  They also include this semi spicy, sweet BBQ ish sauce that we really enjoyed. 

For drinks we had wine.  Solid selection although not overly extensive.  I had a pinot noir and the husband had a sav blanc.  The wine was as expected.  It hadn't sat in an open bottle for days and the bartender was helpful in recommendations. 

We came 30 min before closing (because we're jerks and we were hungry for a snack other than pizza) and the place wasn't too busy.  That said, or service was excellent and at no point did we feel pressured to hurry and leave.  Think "fine American bistro with good service and no pretense".笑
It was fantastic!!! The hot sauce that goes with the fried oysters is to die for! Also, the bartender that was working the Thursday lunch shift was amazing! Had a really good time and the food was excellent!!笑
My girlfriends and I came here for our Christmas dinner - there were five of us. We made reservations about three weeks in advance. We had great servers in both bartenders since our table was in that area. They were great at describing all of the dishes and really attentive despite a busy bar. The only reason they don't get five stars is because I felt it was quite expensive when you're also drinking.

All of the food was very rich, with generous portions. See my pictures for our dishes.笑
What a great Yelp find from the hotel.  Closer than downtown PittsB and I challenge a better atmosphere to be found.  Try the daily specials and the Brussels Ap, you'll be happy!笑
Great burgers (if duck burger is on special get it).  Love those brussel sprouts.笑
Interesting menu.  Website: A World Fusion Freestyle Restaurant.

Really nice decor.  a long bar and 3 tables on the first floor.  Was told there are about 16 tables upstairs.  A little patio, too.

Stopped in for lunch.  Had the Crab Bolognese.  Very nicely done.  Perfectly cooked pappardelle pasta, crab, spinach, zucchini with a little tomato and cream. 

Service was friendly and good.  

Chef Bernie stopped by.  He has some good training at CIA and some interesting restaurants.  He said he likes to try new recipes and is making some  menu changes. 

A nice addition to Carnegie.  

Facebook:www.facebook.com/OneThirtyOneEast笑
From start to finish, appetizers, salads, main courses, desserts were hands down incredible!
Delicious flavors well presented and Danielle, our knowledgeable wait staff, was enthusiastic and upbeat. It took me 3 years to get here and now I can't wait to go back!笑
Such a cute restaurant! Something that could fit in well in downtown, so happy that we have something like this in the suburbs! Great menu, not overly expensive. Great happy hour pricing as well!笑
So good.  Started with the crispy Brussel spouts which were excellent.  Ordered the Asian bowl special.  The tuna was cooked perfectly and the surrounding veggies blended well. Topped with great sauce, this was outstanding.  Tried the black Manhattan cocktail which was inventive and Delish!!  Great spot!!笑
Had date night dinner here on Friday and had a fantastic meal and great. The bartender was super welcoming and explained all their menu items before we even went upstairs for dinner. The Brussel sprouts were delicious although they are called "Crispy Brussel Sprouts" and they were not actually crispy. That and the fact that the seating does not allow for any intimacy at all (tables are practically on top of each other), are the only reasons it was not a five star experience. We will definitely go back, but likely just eat downstairs in the bar area. Very nice decor and awesome menu.笑
Went for lunch and will definitely be back for dinner. Creative menu, great combos of flavor. Excellent service and vibe.笑
We eat out a lot and I rarely find a place that I can't wait to share with my friends and family.  We loved it here. Excellent food, service and atmosphere. I would highly recommend the pork chop!笑
Great service and interesting drink menu.  Great to have another quality alternative to the chains that exist along the 376 Airport West Corridor.  We found the menu to be intriguing and with decent vegetarian options for my wife.  Both of our dishes were well prepared and had excellent flavor.笑
I've eaten here twice. The place is quite and nice inside. You can park in the lot next door so no issues. The food is always excellent.笑
Had lunch there recently and everything was excellent.  Very cool atmosphere for a place in Carnegie.  The bartender who waited on us was friendly, attentive, and helpful.  He knew every detail about the menu and gave us good recommendations.  

We will be back.笑
Both the food and cocktails were outstanding.  It's not often that both are so wonderful.  Also, the service was great and the atmosphere was very nice.  You have to try the brussel sprouts!笑
The food is very good but we ordered a margarita which was the featured drink. It was served in a tiny old fashionedchampagne glass. The drink was so small we drank it in two sips and it was $10.00 !! What a rip off.笑
I hope Carnegie continues to grow with places like this. 

The decor and ambiance inside are fantastic; the cocktail menu is as well. I had the malbec margarita--loved it!

Beet salad is amazing, probably my favorite dish of the night! Worry that the prices might be a bit too high for the area but hope this place thrives as it is a nice addition to an up and coming neighborhood.笑
Great staff, delicious food! Summer menu was a little heavy but done really well. We were surprised Carnegie has a place like this and very happy they do!笑
Visiting from out of town.  Place was comfortably busy.  Great variety of cocktails compliment a variety of entees.  131 salad was tasty.  Hanger steak was cooked correctly, however seasoned fries diminish ed the overall meal笑
Scallops were amazing! Good service and nice atmosphere. Will definitely be going back for the scallops alone, though the cocktails were enjoyable as well.笑
I used to love this place but the food tonight wasn't good at all. The hummus app was very good but my $33 entree had no flavor and my boyfriends entree was suppose to be gluten free and he is now sick. The service wasn't great either-- it was just an all around different experience than we're used to. I'm not sure we'll be back.笑
I took my dining out club there last night. The food was fabulous and everyone loved their meal. The majority of the group (total 14) have never been there before and can't wait to go back.  The scallops andd the Chilean sea bass were to die for.  Service was great.  Thank you for making it such a pleasant evening on such a horrible night.笑
What a great place.  The food, the ambiance and the service was top notch.  The flat bread is to die for!  They had a fried truffle risotto appetizer special that the chef and the bartender highly recommended.....they were so right!  It was phenomenal.  Everyone in our group loved their choices.  We cannot wait to go back.  I thought about the fried risotto and flatbread all weekend!   Big congrats to everyone who brought that area of Carnegie back to life!笑
I stopped by here this past Friday evening with my wife and another couple for dinner.  The inside of this restaurant consists of two floors and is pretty nice looking.  We had reservations and so checked in at the hostess station whenever we walked in.  Due to that all that I could see of the first floor before we walked up to our seats on the second floor was a pretty crowded bar.  The second floor ended up being pretty nice as there was ample seating and the room area was a fairly open floor plan so there was a lot of natural light.

My wife and I decided to start the evening by ordering the Bob's Basket.  This consisted of flash fried shrimp, fried green tomatoes, caper remoulade, 131 hot sauce and lemon brown butter.  It wasn't what I was expecting whenever it came out as the shrimp were in what looked like a tiny fryer basket and the two tomatoes were layered next to it with the caper sauce on them.  However it ended up being delicious!  The shrimp were fried nicely and had a little crisp to the outside of them while the fried green tomatoes tasted nicely too even if they didn't have the full acidity that I was expecting form them.  What really elevated the dish though was the sauces, each of which was fantastic.  For my dinner entree I decided to go with the Hanger Steak, ordered medium, which came with rosemary fries.  The steak ended up being cooked perfectly and although it was a bit smaller than expected, tasted really good.  My fries were also delicious as they were crispy and I really enjoyed the flavor of rosemary on them.

The bottom line for me is that I would head back here again in the future.  My wife and I both loved all of the food that we had here and we look forward to trying more.笑
Very happy that something decent moved into Carnegie!   The prices seem a bit high, but then I saw the portions (which are large and delightful)   Decent wine listings and cocktails as well.  I plan to make it a happy hour staple!笑
Great neighborhood spot in Carnegie. Definitely what Main St needs! The crispy swordfish was delicious as was the hanger steak. Service was attentive and we had a great dinner! Will definitely be back to try more items.笑
Let's start with the bad:

I tried the Crispy Brussel Sprouts, and they were not crispy. They were saturated in some syrupy sweet substance. I didn't like it at all but since a lot of the reviews rave about this dish, I think I may have just tried it on a bad day.

The good:

Great customer service.

Clean facility.

The Day Boat Sea Scallops is an amazing and brilliant dish. It's flavorful and light. I enjoyed it. 

I would come back.笑
Was there last night for my birthday as of others heard great things so I wanted to try something new. The food was good, however the service was quite slow, the food took forever as with the service. I will think twice before I give it another chance. Yes pricey but I'm willing to pay for a good meal but left disappointed.笑
Ate here with a friend last night after hearing good things.   We had tried it a few years back and were underwhelmed but I think that was due to growing pains and the strain of launching a new place.  Our dinners were excellent.   We both had the salmon special, which was served on a bed of kale, berry, beet, and baby potatoes in a light vinaigrette sauce.    I am not doing it justice - it was close to perfect and the salmon was a generous portion cooked to medium as I had requested.  
      We sat at the bar and the service was friendly and attentive.   We made reservations to come back next week with more friends, that's how pleased we were.   The couple next to us had dessert, some type of bread pudding with a side of sea salt caramel house made ice cream - it looked amazing.笑
Delicious. Not cheap but well worth the dollar if you value innovative takes on traditional dishes. We returned nothing but clean plates to the kitchen after having the pig wings, soft shell crabs, mixed grill and soup du jour.笑
One of the best dining experiences that my Girlfriend and I have had in Pittsburgh. The food was amazing, ambiance on point, drinks fantastic, and a knowledgeable staff that seemed to genuinely love the restaurant and want their customers to love it as well. The price is a little high, especially for the neighborhood, but definitely worth every penny. Will be back regularly.笑
This place was terrible. My girlfriend and I went there to have a nice meal and we were asking the employees questions about the business and all our questions went unanswered and the service wasn't good at all.  and the food was not good as well. I don't recommend it笑
I had the pork chops and my friend has the pork chop noodles. Both were top notch, fantastic. Pork chop was 1.5" thick and pork was cooked to perfection! I'll eat here next time I'm back I the area.笑
Great Restaurant! Quaint little end cap downtown. Had the pork chop and wife the scallops. Both excellent!!笑
Met some friends for dinner and was really surprised with the restaurant, service and food!
The restaurant is pretty roomy.  There are two floors and the upstairs booths are spread out which I liked.  (Cant stand when you are sitting on the table next to you and hear their whole convo)  The decro is modern and very upscale.  
My hubs and I ordered a caramelized onion, Gorgonzola flat bread.  It was thin, and crisp and really tasty.  I high recommend.  I ordered the Salmon and my husband ordered the short ribs.  He had nothing left on his plate but bones.....I guess he liked it?!?  My salmon was really good.  The plate definitely had a lot of food.  The broth that the veggies were sitting in was quite salty, which other yelpers had commented on also.  I liked it because I like my food on the salty side.     If you dont like a lot of salt, you may want to mention that to your server.  (My husband commented on the salt level of his food too)  
My husband couldnt resist and ordered the peanut butter and chocolate cheese cake.  Im a  huge cheese cake snob and this was GOOD!  The cheese cake was thick and not too sweet.  It is a big piece, so you may want to share.笑
Stopped in for lunch on a Friday.  No problem getting a table and the staff was very accommodating and informative.  The chef even stepped out to support hello, which was very welcoming.  I had the tuna melt, which was delicious and my friend had the fish tacos.  The French fries were also a treat as the are a bit different from most other places.

Will definitely be stopping back in for a dinner soon.笑
Okay, I am going to rate this restaurant 5 stars but I will offer my fellow diners a word of caution. Please read to the end for my note of caution. Having said that, I thoroughly enjoyed every meal I've had at this restaurant. We'll usually start with the olive sampler for the table. I usually order a drink with dinner (please see below). You know how some restaurants do great with starters and salads and fall on the entree? Not this place. When they thought up the word umami, they had this place in mind. You really have to try the short ribs on a bed of risotto. I've had it 3 times and I enjoy it more every time I go. This last time I had the veal osso buco and, what can I say? It was beefy and luscious and melt in your mouth. Umami! The service was attentive but not overbearing. None of us got the dessert so I can't comment. Now, for my word of caution. We were having a good time and I wasn't paying attention.  I ordered a Blanton's Manhattan up. It was tasty. It was about an average pour in terms of size. In terms of quality I would put it at 8 on a scale of 0 to 10. What is amazing is its price tag of $16. I don't think I was charged $16 in Manhattan for a Manhattan. Unfortunately, I ordered  2 and $32 later, I had racked up a bit of a bar tab. I can just hear what you're saying: "Caveat emptor."  And you're right. So, to be fair, the restaurant is slightly below average in interior design in terms of what you would expect for the quality of meal that they serve. This is not the interior of 11, for instance or Umi. To compare, you will pay about the same.  But the wait staff couldn't be better. The food couldn't be better. Just watch out for the price of the drinks! Perhaps consider stopping at one!笑
A wonderful addition to Carnegie's business district. Chef has put a lot of thought into the menu. We had the Brussels sprouts and fried oysters to start. The Brussels sprouts were a bit over sauced but still tasty. The oyster appetizer was prepared and presented beautifully; it layered many flavors with expert depth. My husband had the halibut with pesto gnocchi and I had the lamb noodles. Both meals were delicious. I would have left the cheese curds out of the lamb noodles though because I feel they didn't add anything and got waxy thus taking away from some of the delicious earthiness of the almost stew-like dish. The halibut however was perfection. The fish was well paired with the pesto gnocchi. For dessert the pear ginger bread pudding added the final touch of fall comfort to a delicious meal. This place is worth a trip.笑
First time here. I went with on a business dinner. One person ordered brussel sprouts for an appetizer and I was so confused. I have never heard of brussel sprouts for appetizer. But, once they came I was just amazed at how good they where. I am sure they are not healthy! But mouth watering and just awesome!

I ordered the spring seafood bowl and was very happy with it. I enjoyed everything that we had, the service was excellent and the food amazing. If you are in the area give them a try. I am planing on going back just to take my wife.笑
This is one of the best meals I've had at a restaurant.  Service was friendly and décor was modern.   I had the salmon and asiago and husband had the hanger steak and both were outstanding.  The crab bisque had chucks of crab meat.  Do NOT pass up this little gem.笑
Decided to give this place a try because we wanted to stay close to home due to the bad snowstorm we were getting and the bad roads. What a delicious surprise - it was a little pricey but they give good sized portions and good solid food. Started with the poutine which was so good - the fries stayed crispy and the lamb gravy and cheese curds sooooo good! The Brussel sprouts were ok but I probably wouldn't get again - they tasted like Chinese food for some reason.  I was too full for full dinner so I opted for the apple, pear and blue cheese flatbread which was a little sweet but really tasty.  Our waitress was very friendly and nice and the owner/chef came out to check in with all the customers to see how they liked their food which was a nice touch. Seemed like a nice guy.  Will definitely go back.  Next time I've got my eye on the braised short rib special笑
I always love a trip to Carnegie. This past Friday was no different. Beautiful weather, a bustling little town - what's not to like? I met a group of 9 for dinner at 131 where we wined and dined the night away on several appetizer bowls of their Crispy Brussel Sprouts, a variety of entrees including Salmon, Paella and Flank Steak and a few salad/flatbread combinations. I selected the 131 Salad and the Tomato Jam flatbread. Neither disappointed. A good side salad can be hard to find, but this one was delicious and full of fresh ingredients including peppers and pears. I wasn't starving, so I only ate half of my flatbread, but it was a wonderful half. Two other guests tried the two other flatbreads and they looked equally exquisite. I didn't hear any complaints aside from a maybe less-than-perfect paella, but all told everyone enjoyed their food. The service is a touch on the slower side, so something to remember when planning your evening - especially if you're dining in a larger group or heading across the street to the theater. Next time, I'm staying for dessert!笑
Amazing lunch! Got the brussel sprouts as an appetizer and I wasn't a fan, not sure if it was my own personal taste or if they just weren't good. But they weren't inedible. The entrees were incredible. We had the Oyster Po Boy and the Crab Bolognese. It was one of the best pasta dishes I've had in a long time. Will definitely go back.笑
limited menu but the food was well prepared, and tasted good.  the poutine was good as an appetizer shared between at least two.笑
Just OK. I have been here a few times, and each time it was "just OK."  On my most recent visit, I started with the beet salad, which was very mediocre. The beets were mushy and needed salt - just needed more texture. I ordered the scallops for diner and they were also just OK - nothing earth shattering. I also had a glass of Rose with my dinner and a cappuccino afterward. My bill, including tip, was close to $80, which is just too much for this place. . .笑
I'm very impressed that this place is nestled comfortably in Carnegie!  It's definitely a place that I would think you'd find in the city.  Modern interior and delicious food!

As an appetizer, we ordered the fried oysters.  My husband grew up in the Pacific Northwest so he's a big fan of seafood and particularly oysters.  He has a fairly high standard for seafood related items so I was a bit worried that ordering this was a mistake.  But I'm glad that I was proved wrong - they were fantastic.  I'm not much of an oyster person but they were made very well.  My husband really enjoyed them.   

For a main dish, I ordered the Faroe Island Salmon.  While I didn't care too much for the tomato based-broth the salmon and accompanying vegetables were delicious as was the grit cake.  It was such a large portion and I couldn't finish it but it was delightful!

We weren't blown away by their dessert offerings but when asked what was popular, they mentioned the bread pudding.  Neither my husband or I are big fans of bread pudding but we ordered the berry bread pudding anyway.  Wow - you didn't have to be a bread pudding person to enjoy this treat!  It was so fresh and essentially tasted like a berry cake.  Not overly sweet or mushy (what I usually don't like about bread pudding).  

I would highly recommend this place and I hope to go back again to try some of their other dishes.  We went on a Saturday night around 8 and was surprised it wasn't more crowded.  We did have a reservation but they looked as if they had empty tables.笑
Great cocktails and super-knowledgeable bartenders. They do a great Old Fashioned, and have after dinner aperitifs, sazerac, and a good wine list. I come here for Happy Hour on a regular basis and have had lunch here a few times. The food is excellent. I've had all of their flatbreads, the chicken sandwich on the lunch menu, and a polenta special with sausage, chicken, mussels, and shrimp. The owner is really friendly and will introduce herself if she is downstairs at the bar.笑
A welcome addition to Carnegie's Main Street. It has great, modern decor and outdoor seating, always a plus! 

They have a very extensive cocktail list, and my favorite was the gin or vodka with your choice of preserves. I chose gin with a peach/ginger preserve (which comes on a tiny spoon to allow you to taste and then mix yourself), and it was light and refreshing. 

I came with my family and we had the bleu cheese flatbread and a side of brussels to start, at the recommendation of the bartender. They were excellent. 

As for my entree, I had the hanger steak. I asked for medium rare, but it was more on the medium side. Regardless, it was still seasoned well and I didn't feel the need to send it back. 

We split the Snickers cheesecake between the four of us, and it was really decadent, but a couple bites was more than enough. 

Great service, and really friendly staff!笑
Had a great meal today at lunch. Went with a group of 6, and had a reservation (so not sure on wait times). 

Server was generally helpful and made great appetizer recommendations. The Brussels sprouts were amazing. It was enough for the 6 of us to share, along with the hummus plate, to start the meal.

Most folks at the table got the tuna and shrimp melt (which was a special). Looked good, and they seemed to enjoy it. I personally had the lamb noodle entree - the noodles seemed to be fresh, and the lamb was great I couldn't have asked for a better meal. 

My only minor complaint was that our server was a little slow to refill our beverages. Not a huge deal, but likely exacerbated by the small water glasses you get. I'd recommend that they give the large glass bottle of water right to the table instead of relying on the server to refill. 

Over all, I highly recommend!!笑
My. Wife and I went there for a late lunch to check it out. Our lunch was terrific and our waiter Dave was very engaging regarding how the food was prepared to the type of liquor they used to make a black Martini. We liked it so much that we called our friends to see if they wanted to have dinner there Saturday night.They were all booked up until the eight thirty time we took. They were extremely busy at the bar and the restaurant but our waitress Dawn poured a lot of energy explaining the featured items. Each couple had osso bucco and the braised short ribs. The osso bucco was very good but the braised short ribs were superb. The food is cooked with a flair but very approachable. In fact the whole experience from the food to the service is unpretentious and approachable. This was in sharp contrast to our experience at a restaurant in Pittsburgh that sounds like a condiment. The chef at 131 named Bernie who was trained at the Culinary Institute in Hyde Park took time to see how we liked everything. Our friends and us all agreed we will be back soon. We would however, like them  to lower their corkage fee to $15 and then we would give them 51/2stars.笑
Cute place for a nice dinner. Reservations were not difficult to make for a holiday weekend. We reserved a table for a party of 7 around 7:30pm with no problems. It was Fourth of July weekend so the place wasn't really packed.

We started with Brussel sprouts, duck wings, and bobs basket (fried shrimp with fried green tomatoes). Of the appetizers I enjoyed the duck wings the most. It was cooked perfectly and had a nice sweet chili sauce to it. The Brussel sprouts were ok to me only because I don't enjoy a lot of ginger and wasabi flavor. The fried shrimp were standard. I did like the side of fried green tomatoes though.

For my entree I went with the sea scallops with paradelle noodles in crab bolognese sauce. My husband ordered the special of braised short ribs. The entrees came out relatively quick and the portions for all the entrees were very generous. My scallops were cooked perfectly and the noodles were very yummy! My husband enjoyed his short ribs as well. We were all really stuffed from our meals and I think you can probably get away with family style as the portions can feed a couple of people.

Of course there's always room for dessert and we shared the orange amaretto pecan cheesecake. This was just ok to me only because it was a little too rich and dense for my taste. I was also pretty stuffed at this point so it was a struggle to finish dessert even with 2 people.

All in all its a great date place! The ambiance, food and beverage selection and service were really great!笑
Friendly service.  Good ambiance.  Great food.  
We enjoyed the scallops tuna Brussel sprouts.  Also tostada and fish taco which may have been a special.  Thank you笑
I hate to say you'd never expect a place like this in Carnegie, but I can't help myself!! I can't believe this is in Carnegie! It seems like a swanky downtown joint. But I'm lIking Carnegie more and more, and places like this is why!

So as I mentioned, it's super swank inside. Dark wood, hip music and classy looking people. It's two floors, plus a patio on the bottom and top floors. We sat on the top patio, which was fun to people watch below. 

For an appetizer we split the Poutine. The fries were crispy, and didn't get soggy by the tasty gravy and the cheesecurds were good, I only wish there were a little more (I feel like there were three large ones).

My main dish, the Faroe island salmon, which was almond pesto, tomato sauce, grilled veggies and asiago grit cake, all blended together perfectly. The taste was pretty rich, but wasn't overpowering. I was impressed with how large the salmon was too! It was very filling and I didn't finish it all.

Honestly, the whole menu looked intriguing. Even when I glanced at the lunch menu the offerings looked tantalizing. It's definitely one of those places I need more of in my life!笑
Food is always excellent. Would put this place  up against the best restaurants in Pittsburgh. Staff is super friendly and seem to enjoy the food as much as I do.笑
We went at about 5:45pm- worried because I've heard that happy hour is slammin'. We were lucky to find a couple of bar seats and get started!

We started with a couple of cocktails recommended by the bartender- which I would guess could be considered a mixologist- because the drinks are to die for. FINALLY something close by that offers a good mixed drink. I'm a beer snob, and was impressed by their selection as well.

We had the poutine, hummus, and shared the fishermans platter. Good choice. Fries with the poutine were super tasty, hummus I would call "just okay" but the pita chips that came with were a hit. 

The fishermans platter was very tasty. My only complaint is that I wish there were more than one shrimp because we were splitting- but that's just being picky. 

Service was excellent, food and drinks were great. Would definitely return.笑
I used to work in Carnegie, and would order lunch or dinner from 131 regularly even though they're a bit pricy.  But they're pricy because the food is high quality, always fresh, and delicious.  The bartenders are all great, and even though I'm not a regular anymore, they remember me and ask how life is when I'm there.  I have never had anything bad or disappointing, and will always recommend it to friends and family looking for a great dinner and a phenomenal cocktail.笑
Yum!  A bit pricey, but yum.  

We had the Brusselsprouts (great) and the bean soup (good but salty), as well as the scallops and short ribs.  Everything was delicious, if a touch salty.  As my husband said, the chef knows how to use salt. 

Modern and beautiful decor, and if you need a place to eat on the way to the airport this is an excellent fancy choice.笑
This was the best meal we've had in Pittsburgh. The smoked salmon appetizer was incredible. I had the scallop pasta for my meal and my boyfriend had the Osso Bucco. Both were delicious! Our waitress Danielle was fantastic.笑
I enjoy lunch here probably 2 to 3 times a week.  The food is fantastic and always a little different.  Steve the bartender is excellent in explaining each feature and always provides great recommendations.  By far my favorite lunch in Carnegie.笑
Good little find in Carnegie. Nice date night or meet the parents dinner spot. Small but well crafted menu. The vibe and decor upstairs is not the same as the cozy bar area... a little echoey and cold. We started with bristle sprouts YUM and had Lamb and pork chop for dinner. Great mixed drinks!笑
Had a delicious meal at this little restaurant. The cheese platter was OK, but my fish was wonderful. Would recommend to those traveling in the area.笑
The food and portion size is perfect for Pittsburgh. The poutine is just enough without being too filling for two people. I had the day boat scallops and they were amazing! My boyfriend had the lamb noodle dish which he loved. We will definitely be back to try the entrees we passed on for tonight's decisions!笑
Oh I have so many good things to say about One Thirty One East. The decor and ambiance is great. You can tell that they just redid everything. The bartender was super helpful and also told us all about the chef and menu. He told us that the chef was the best person he has ever worked for and all about how everything on the menu was great... It seemed a little over the top until we actually tried some of the food.

To start, the drinks were really good. First I had the rhubarb margarita, which sounds REALLY weird, but I love rhubarb pie, so I decided to try it. It was not as rhubarby as I would have liked, but it was still amazing. Then I had a Lagunitas beer, which is widely available and always makes my tummy happy.

For food we tried the fried oysters- I was a little scared here, as I had only had oysters once before... They were just a little bit slimy and not bad at all! Then we had the brussel sprouts, they are OMG amazing... Like, they don't even taste like a vegetable good. We also tried the beet salad which was good but not amazing or anything and the onion flatbread, which was delightful. All in all a great meal, we split this amount of food between 2 people and couldn't finish everything.

I will be going back soon!笑
Been here twice and it's now at the top of our list as a go to place to eat. Excellent service both times. The food is delicious and fresh. The Brussel sprouts are a must try. The restaurant is tastefully decorated and incredibly clean. The restrooms are also spotless.笑
First time here. Top to bottom everything was excellent. We beat the rush on Friday nights but still got a reservation. Tried a few of their delicious cocktails, good wine and small but good draft beers. My wife and I started with the poutine which was outstanding. For the entree I had the veal osso bucco which is code for awesome veal stew with gnocchi while my wife had the halibut which was very good as well.  

All around good meal of food. Service was acceptable to good. Only complain would be it is a little pricy.笑
After making the rounds at many new restaurants (lawrenceville, downtown, mt. lebanon, shadyside) I've come to appreciate the quality of this restaurant even more than I had before.

The price mimics the quality of dining. I can't express how much I love returning to this gem of an establishment. The meal you get it different from any other restaurant, the place isn't stuffy, and you *know* that whatever arrives on a plate or glass, is going to be totally awesome.

So pleased that it continues to impress me with an imaginative food and drink menus. A+笑
Visited for lunch, interesting menu, food was great and something different. The atmosphere is nice, place seems clean, cant wait to go back for dinner. Prices were very reasonable for quality of food.笑
Dropped in for dinner with a friend. although we were not that hungry we did order a flatbread with onions and fruit which was incredible. we also had the brussels sprouts which were such a treat on the fall evening and were some of the tastiest I have ever had. We also had the 131 salad which had a flavorful dressing on it.
This place is going to be very busy very soon. With that said on a Tuesday evening it was pretty busy and the service was impeccable.
Will we be back..definitely.笑
Yummo!

The food is full of flavor and very appealing to the eye.    I have been here twice.  I recommend your first try to request dealer's choice from your bartender.   I say you cannot go wrong with any of their lamb or scallop dishes.

They do offer some awesome cocktails.   The mixers the include are prepared fresh and from scratch - example - I had a drink (whiskey-based) with freshly made pumpkin puree.    I am not sure where else you can go for drinks made to this level of quality / detail.

A high recommend.   

Summary:
Service - Excellent (I have always sat at the bar).   The bartenders are very friendly.
Food - Awesome!   $20+ on average per entrée
Drinks - Awesome!  (Special / Quality Cocktails - $10+ - They are very tasty but not the place you want to go on binge)
Parking - Lot next to the restaurant / on street parking in Carnegie笑
Steak Saltimbucca was amazing!  Perfectly done, and the pasta fagoli was very hearty.  Service was wonderful.  Make the trip, it won't disappoint.笑
I normally don't write reviews on my first visit, but this place was impressive. We spent the last year and a half testing restaurants around DC and decided to hit this one up based on Yelp reviews during our move across America. Best decision I've made in a while! Everything tastes amazing. We had the Asian duck wings, a rhubarb margarita, fish tacos, and the sausage flatbread. It was better than or equal to 99% of the food found in the city. Also, the waiter and chef accommodated my son's amateur pallet with some amazing cheese soaked, homemade pasta that wasn't on the menu. Oh and the cheesecake and homemade ice cream was great too! I don't normally like cheesecake. The server, Stephen, was on point with helpful recommendations and quick service.  This is a must stop if you're passing through or live in the area.笑
A nice little place out in a cute section/street of Carnegie.  From what I gather, there are not many (if any) other places like this in Carnegie.  The atmosphere was a little bit on the modern side with a bar downstairs and only two tables that I saw on the lower floor.  The upper floor had several tables - I would have liked slightly better lighting though, especially given that there were windows (curtained) only in the front.  The food was very good.  I got the braised veal osso buco, which was in a deep, savory sauce.  Very tasty.  She got the halibut - which kind of looked like it was flash friend, with a light coating on the outside.  She enjoyed it - I thought it was a little on the bland side.  We also shared their mixed grill between us.  This was definitely the best of the bunch - lamb chop, crab cake, duck breast - all perfectly cooked.  The lamb was excellent, but amazingly the fingerling potatoes that accompanied them were probably my favorite thing on this plate.  They had a truffled aioli sort of dressing on it, which went perfectly with both it and the meal.  I have not had too much truffle in my life, but when I have it has often been a little too strong or overpowering for me.  This was just right, and I wish there were more of them.  I would have enjoyed slightly larger portions, as one entree would not be nearly enough to satisfy me.  For dessert she had a mixed berry sorbet - flavorful - almost too strong for me.  I had a bread pudding, which was excellent.  A very enjoyable meal, and I plan to go back someday.笑
Second time here for lunch. Such a beautiful place. Best lamb gyro I've ever had! Cous cous salad is out of this world. Great Brussel sprouts. Expensive wine...but the balcony in the spring for lunch is too wonderful to make that an issue. Love this spot.笑
One of the best around Pittsburgh! We eat out all the time- great food and prices better than others similar! Try Brussels sprout app- flatbread with pears and carmelized onions--most dinners great--L&L笑
I loved the cute atmosphere, but the food was just ok. I had the halibut and it was extremely bland with no seasoning. I think the preparation was not to my liking. The only thing I enjoyed was the cheese and olive app and the wine. I think they need to step their food game up. The presentation was not great either.笑
Loved this place, great service and food. Started with fried oysters and had roasted chicken with grilled veggies and grit cake.笑
This was a pleasant surprise to find in Carnegie. We had dinner & drinks on a Tuesday night. The food was excellent and the staff was friendly. There was no wait to be seated, but it was a reasonable crowd for a Tuesday. It's also fairly convenient to I-79 in case you're passing through the area.笑
Nice atmosphere and wonderful food. Just slightly pricey. We always get the shrimp appetizer, which is lightly breaded and flavorful. I always get whatever fresh fish they have and haven't been disappointed yet.笑
Searched for a place that was close to our hotel for dinner on a Friday night, found one thirty one and I'm so glad we did.  We didn't have reservations but we're able to get outdoor seating. We decided to share the hot sausage flatbread and the short ribs. The flatbread was topped with ground sausage with a spicy kick, it's balanced out by the cheese,great with a glass of wine. The short ribs were very tender and served with orzo, asparagus and a very flavorful sauce.

Our server (Steve) was pleasant and engaging, he thoroughly explained the menu and was able to answer all questions about the preparation of various dishes.

We had a great dining experience and will,dine here again.笑
Carnegie the last place I would expect to find this kind of great food!   I had the mixed grill which came with Seabass, crabcake and salmon and it was very good.  My wife had the short ribs which were excellent!  The atmosphere was very nice and modern.  We called to make reservations for 4 on a Saturday night just a couple hours before we ate and they were willing to fit us in, very accommodating.  There is a parking lot right across the street from the restaurant.   A lot of new and exciting things going on in Carnegie I will be back soon!笑
Please do not waste your money. The best thing about the meal was the martini. DO NOT order the halibut. While there was nothing BAD about the meal, there was absolutely nothing good. My boyfriend ordered the steak, and while there was no fat on the cut, u might as well have gotten it from Eat'n Park. No flavor. We were going to go to Outback, and we shouldn't have changed our minds. For half the price we would have had far better meal.笑
I've had my eye on this place for quite some time.  The last time I wanted to try it was on a Saturday evening but they were totally booked so I wasn't getting my hopes up too high when I walked through the front door last night.  Maybe because it was on a Thursday and not a weekend but to my surprise there were only a handful of people dining at the One Thirty One East on this particular evening.

I took a gander at the taps behind the bar and noted that there were a few craft beers to choose from before taking a seat at the end of the bar.  The bartender greeted me with a friendly smile, placed a menu in front of me,  pour me a glass of water and said, "Let me know if I can get you something to drink". I told him that I'd like to start out with a Kentucky Bourbon Stout and flipped the page of the menu to see what the entrees were. 

Everything on the menu sounded so good but I narrowed it down between the Day Boat Sea Scallops and the Veal Osso Bucco deciding on the osso bucco simply because I haven't had veal in a long time.

It only took about ten minutes for my plate to arrive. I don't know what I missed by not selecting the scallops but the osso bucco was amazing! Fall off the shank tender and each bite melted in my mouth like butter.  The veal was accompanied by house made gnocchi covered in a stock gravy.  I'll admit that my total bill wasn't cheap, but for the quality of the meal, it was worth every penny. 

I highly recommend One Thirty One East but to be on the safe side it would be wise to call ahead for a reservation.笑
Went there las night with my husband and daughter. We didn't have reservations but they sat us right away. My daughter is 10 months old so it's always a gamble when we take her out to eat. 

I got the impression that they didn't have a lot of younger children often I'm the restaurant. The hostess was very accommodating. Wiped off the high chair for us - which is actually the first time that has ever happened in any restaurant we've brought our daughter to. 

We were seated at a super small table which was kind if annoying but the waitress checked the reservations and helped us combine two if the smaller tables to give us more room. 

The food was excellent. We had the stuffed hot peppers and the tuna poke for apps. Both were delicious. My husband ordered the sausage flatbread for his dinner and he lived it. I had he hangar steak. Perfect. 

There were only two annoying things about the evening. Our food took forever to come out. I think we waited an hour after ordering.  And anyone who has gone out to eat with a baby knows the trick is to give them stuff to eat. We'll of course my daughter made a bit I a mess on the floor (which I cleaned up) but the rest of the employees kept walking by and giving us and my daughter dirty looks which was kind of uncomfortable.笑
I debated my rating for quite sometime only because almost every one or every place can always get better. However, I've been going to this place weekly for a little over a month and I can't see a reason to stop. Really each meal was as good as it gets!!! My last two visits I had the filet special with a gorgonzola pierogi with sautéed onions and asparagus. I couldn't decide what was more tender, the beef, the pierogi or the onions. I told the chef, who steps out of the kitchen on occasion to see how things are going, that it was in the top 5 meals of the year. Well I may have to put it in the top 5 of all time. It was that good!!! Even the regular menu item dishes are terrific.

I usually eat at the bar and the bartenders are excellent and really enjoy the product they sell. I always go in with a dish in mind and almost every time they talk me out of it due to their enthusiasm about one of the specials. The best part is they're never wrong. Truly a testament that they are not just blowing smoke, they really like the food. Also when you're not sure what to have to drink they will ask you great questions to narrow it down to some concoction that's terrific. Or they will let you taste before ordering which is awesome customer service. 

Love the place and can't wait to go back.笑
Had dinner here tonight and it was wonderful !    I had the scallops with all the extras and it tasty and was prepared excellent !  the folks there where friendly and also raved over the food and svc......met the chef and was very happy that we were here....the restaurant had a modern flair and very upbeat.....next time I am in town on business I will make sure I stop back笑
If there is only one thing you order from this restaurant make sure it is the brussel sprouts appetizer. it comes fried, mixed with fresh ginger, wasabi aioli, and topped with wontons for $8.00. Stopped here for lunch since it was a gloomy day and found it next to the pay parking lot of Carnegie. Please note that lot is free after 6:00 pm.

I arrived at lunchtime and given a choice to sit upstairs or downstairs. I choose upstairs. The bar is located downstairs and has less seating. There seemed to be only one waitress attending to all the customers who came in after me so it was a little bit of a wait to get served but I told her my car was on a meter and she accommodated my wishes.

I was debating between one of their lunch specials that day which happened to be fish tacos or the lamb gyro. She told me the gyro is sliced very thin and is filled with feta cheese, tomato, tzatziki, on grilled pita bread. I did ask about the flatbreads and was told there are 5-8 slices in them but I could always take whatever I wanted home with me.

I opted for the lamb gyro with a side salad. Any one of their sandwiches gives you a choice of a side salad, French fries, or pasta salad. 

I got the brussel sprouts first and believe me they were so good and a bit spicy to boot. By far these alone were the best I ever had! I got my gyro shortly thereafter. The gyro was HUGE but the side salad was small and disappointing. It only consisted of mixed greens-nothing else except dressing. She did give me extra dressing and tzatziki sauce. I was glad in a way the salad was small because there would have been no way I could finish that delicious gyro. It was very tasty and I haven't had lamb in quite some time.

In spite of the crowd this waitress was very attentive to my needs and although I spent a little more because of the appetizer, I would most definitely order that on a return visit. The place is casual and laid back and believe me even though she offered me a dessert I politely declined.

Lunch is a great time to go during the week since you don't need reservations and the place doesn't get overly filled. Next time I will try out one of their flatbreads with the brussel sprouts.