the service was great
food was okie...
like the atmosphere there...it was not busy..enjoyed the time thereǾ
A group of friends and I frequented this college street restaurant in Little Italy back in Feburary for winterlicious. In fact, our group actually became larger than expected and the staff re-seated us at a bigger table. Let's jusr say they weren't very happy about it. 

Coco Lezzone has this dark and dramatic air about it. It serves heavy, rich food and has a character to match. Big, high-backed chairs, romantic lighting, stone walls and servers who sound like they've just flown over from Italy - it's definitely found its flavour. 

The food itself was decent. The prix fixe menu was $35 and featured a selection of Mediterranean dishes. The meal included an appetizer, main and dessert. I had a creamy vegetable soup to start which was fine but nothing special. The main course was Atlantic salmon that was tender and juicy and very, very tasty. Dessert was some kind of cake concoction that I can't quite remember but probably serves as an indication that it wasn't too remarkable. 

Although the prices were fair, I think during non-winterlicious season this place can be pretty expensive. There are so many restaurants on College Street in Little Italy and I don't think this is one of the better ones. 

I wouldn't recommend this as a place to part with your cash.Ǿ
Came here on Groupon for 5 course meal. The BIG disappointment was switching out the sea bass for tilapia.  This is not a cool move and shortchanging customers. 

The other reason I am increasingly reluctant to use groupon is because often times restaurant downgrade their product accordingly. Similarly, not only did my sea bass turn out to be tilapia, it was half the size of the regular tilapia dish which I saw other people eating.

I know that the Groupon thing can put a big pressure on owners.  But false advertising is not acceptable.  I will never go back there again.Ǿ
Valentines dinner + cozy italian restaurant = bliss!

The food here was delish - the bread and olives that came out first set the bar for what followed... gnocchi arribiata for me and mushroom alfredo for the boy - both were tres fantastique! 

And just when we thought we couldn't possibly eat any more (I had already half of my dish packed to take home), we both decided to appetite splurge on perhaps the BEST creme brulee I've ever had - layered with chocolate and oh-so-perfectly-warm, it just melted in your mouth!

The service was really decent - except it got a little confusing when it felt like we had 3 servers and didn't know who we should ask for stuff... oh well - it just meant that our service was 3 times as fast!Ǿ
We went to Coco Lezzone and were offered a set menu consisting of a soup, an app a main and desert as we were using a $100 groupon which said it was a $272 value for 4. Frankly if it wasn't for that, I would have found this place overpriced. The service was unremarkable at best.
The restaurant decor seems tired and dated - 2 of my friends had been in there years ago and found it unchanged. With 3 tables occupied on a thursday night, I cannot really comment on atmosphere.
The food was decent; the Tiramisu felt more like cake than mascarpone..you can do much better elsewhere on College.
The worst part came with our bill when taxes were added on the claimed value of the meal and not what we actually paid for it. So tread with caution....Ǿ
Went here last night for catch up dinner with a good old friend. We both always have sushi so this time we decided on getting drunk with wine and some hearty Italian food. 
We found the location of this place randomly from talking the college westbound streetcar towards little Italy. So many restaurants and bars to choose from. We kind of picked from the cute looks of the restaurant haha. It's small, dark romantic setting place. Italian servers and mobster looking manager jks jks. He was nice :)

Apps, I got the house special - sweet potato soup and friend got the Caesar salad. Both portions were just right. They also bring out a baguette with what tastes like homemade tomato paste! Tasted really good. Shouldve said yes when he asked us for more :p 

Main course, I got the mushroom risotto with white truffle oil. Slices of Romano cheese on top that melted perfectly, they asked if I want salt, I shouldn't have after because it was almost a little too salty for my liking. The portion size was huge so I felt even worse. Wasting such good food!
My friend got squash ravioli, that was my first option too! Portion size was terribly small, 7 pieces? Lol wth! The pairing of spinach, cheese, sauce was fine but with the squash it tasted odd. 

Dessert, she got mango gelato and I got cheesecake. Both tasted amazing and plating looked fab.

Forgot to add. We got $40 bottle of dry white Argentinian wine as well. The bill in total was around $124. Good dining experience :)Ǿ
The food and service were impeccable. We sat at the best banquette in the house. Enjoyed a bottle of J. Lohr cab and had a tasty seafood platter which they customized for five. The wild mushroom soup with truffle oil was exquisite. I had the veal lasagna special which was tasty but should have omitted the sprigs of basil (omit on the soup too). I didn't pay so I enjoyed the meal immensely. I'm sure it was worth the money though. They left a $50 tip.Ǿ
I've been to Coco Lezzone a few times and had the same experience every time: lovely atmosphere, forgettable food, slow service, expensive bill. Find another place on College to spend your money.Ǿ
We went to dinner here on Thursday night with the travelzoo deal. I REALLY enjoyed the bread with the goat cheese and sun dried tomatoes. It was absolutely amazing.
I ordered the lobster ravioli and my husband the Osso Buco. Both dishes were really good. My dinner was really good, and my creme brulee, ummmmmmm. We're definitely going back to this place. I'm eating for two and the portions are just right for me and my hungry child......Ǿ
Kats and Kittens - I have been making my way through there martini list...and its a healthy list I might add!  Wonderful list, Ooooh the lychee Martini is lovely, Pomegranate one is nice, oh wait so was the chocolate one..and the ....well you get the picture. Yeah?

Its a lovely place for dinner and nibbles, the service is bar none wonderful.
I had the cold appetizer plate one evening with a friend with with wine and it was Delicious. They suggested the wine and also other nibbles. We weren't super hungry but wanted something light to eat and share, we weren't disappointed.

Looking forward to another evening out and having a lovely dinner there with my partner in crime.Ǿ
I've been here previously in a large group on a weekday and enjoyed the experience. 

This time was not the same. The entire meal just felt rushed. At first we thought it was efficiency. We were seated quickly, drinks came fast and furious, and waiters (emphasis on the multiple waiters) were hovering around us like bees to honey. But as the food came efficiency soon became that rushed feeling. The food came out so fast that it just seemed un-normal. My rigatoni bolognese was pretty subpar. The sauce wasn't the thick kind but more of a runny flavourless kind. The seafood ravioli smelt better than it tasted. And the tiramisu was sort of watery at the bottom like it had been defrosted.

By the end of the meal, we really understood what all the waiters running around us were for. The people were starting to pile up for tables and they were trying to have as fast as a turn around as possible. Now you can't fault a restaurant for doing whatever it takes to maximize revenue but I don't think it should be at the expense of food quality.Ǿ
This place could have gotten more or less stars but I felt I should be fair.  We came here during the Euro finals so the place was rammed and it was hard to keep control.  Food was good, service was decent. Power went out 3 times during the game which was frustrating so we left and noticed we got charged an extra lychee martini we never received. Like I said for the circumstances I will be fair here but I hope the service is better during normal hours.Ǿ
I can't guarantee you everything on the menu, but I can tell you that the bass is delicious - just the right balance of flaky and moisture. My friend also enjoyed his lamb.

Dessert (tiramisu) was not very special, and prices are not cheap. But the service is kind and the entrees were tasty. The atmosphere was also open but romantic - I would come back if I felt like treating myself to good bass, or perhaps for a date.Ǿ
Had my birthday dinner here. The food was pretty goodǾ
I haven't bent here since 5 years ago and used to be my go to place for a nice meal with friends. 

Long gone is my need for Italian food at every meal outing and I can be more adventurous, however, I find what they serve here is basic, nonsense Italian dishes (why foursquare seems to think this is an Indian restaurant is beyond me)

Although I feel that there are other establishments that are more unique, Coco Lezzone is a great place to dine and get together with friends for good drink and good cheer. But it's not cheap. 

Expect to spend about $25 a person here. Mains and pastas go from $17 to 35. Appetisers start at $14. 

We ordered the Procuitto plate which came with lots of olives, cheese, two breads and a pile of the cured ham. For $14 it's a bit steep. 

For my main, I got the Osso Bucco veal shank. Excellent fall off the bone meat with a yummy big bone marrow to suck on. All on top of a Saffron risotto. The dish was perfection. $26

Lucky for me today I had my Groupon which whittled down our $83 (for 3 ppl) coupon. I find it ridiculous they charge $4 for ice tea. 

Making a reservation was easy online. But no need. It was not busy at all on a Wednesday night. 

The restaurant would be great for a large group or birthday. They have renovated since I've came and gone is the big round table at the back and the red curtains. 

The staff were amicable, but many time could not hear when I called out after them. 

Great place to dine in the area but would love to see more competitive prices.  A long time establishment that I will probably keep coming too.however based on the recent reviews maybe only on a quiet night like thisǾ
Was a party of 8 who dined out here last evening, fabulous food no doubt! The restaurant was dim lit and intimate however a little small and  I felt slightly squashed..but maybe its because I'm picky. Before we ordered, we were served bread with garlic hummus...umm..hummus..in an Italian restaurant?

Finally our party was ready to order! I had the seafood risotto...simply scrumptious! I gobbled it all up..but honestly wish there was more scallops in there. The seafood comprised of mussels, 2 tiger shrimp, ONE scallop (only), 2-3 squid/calamari...but the arborio rice was spiced to perfection:) I was eyeing someone else's meal on the table. She ordered the seafood antipasto. Same ingredients as my dish sans the rice and it looked like a grilled piece of culinary heaven! Will definitely try that next time. Others ordered mushroom risotto, gorgonzola and arabiatta gnocchi, seafood pasta and mussels, they all seemed pleased with their meals. Had to leave early so I skipped on the dessert but the girls seemed happy with their tiramisu. I remember on one hot summer evening in 2008, my friend and I wandered little Italy, stopping at one patio to the next, and that's where I tried their tiramisu and remember not loving it..but last night it looked moist and scrumptious. Will leave that for the next time I dine out here!

Overall a great experience, the waiter was very kind, accomodating and timely.Ǿ
I was skeptical before visiting, because of the reviews about aggressive staff, but my experience was just fine. Perhaps because I visited on a week night, the service was friendly, if even funny.

I had the capellini, which came in a healthy portion. I found it to be slightly bland, but my friend insists his roasted chicken was delicious.

We shared a tiramisu for dessert which melted on my tongue.

Even with the dealfinder coupon, this meal left a big dent in our budgets, but well worth the trip and money.Ǿ
I have been to Coco Lezzone a few times now and I've had the same experience every single time.

The food is amazing. I have always had really great quality food, and fantastic food presentation. I believe that the prices reflect the quality as well.  The veal scallopini is to die for, and the seafood anti-pasta share plate is delicious. As for mains, the steak was cooked a perfect medium, and in the past my seafood pasta was sensuous to the taste and well portioned..

Now onto the service..

This is where Coco Lezzone has always faultered. 
Every single time I have been, it didn't seem as if my business was appreciated. And no, I don't believe that someone needs to actually tell you those words or suck up to you in order for that to come across.  The hosts rush you to your seat, tell you to hold on, call the wait staff over wth a whistle or a quick hand gesture. Just not very classy if you ask me. i have heard through the foodie grapevine that the owners aren't the most fantastic gentlemen to the staff members, and I can't help but wonder if that is what I sense in regards to service. Who would feel a sense of loyalty, or have a vested interest in the business if "the business" doesn't even respect the employees?
Anyhow.. the servers themselves have  been mixed, but you get that anywhere and at any restaurant really.  I have had the go-getter newbie adorably trying hard to please but lacking in product knowledge, and the veteran server who knows the place and menu up and down who doesn't seem to care that I am even sitting in their section (which always baffles me in a tip'd industry).

I really love the atmosphere of the restaurant itself with its sexy velvet  draperies and dark wood, and of course the candlelit tables.
It is the atmosphere and food that keep me coming back. 
Now if they could just tighten management and service a bit, this place would be off the hook!Ǿ
My husband & I have been there twice. The first time was disappointing. They sat us right up the stairs as you come in and didn't care that we were unhappy. The food was not great & the service was ok only. It was very noisy. We thought that maybe it had been an off night so decided to give it another chance. I am very sorry we did as this time they sat us just outside the kitchen pushed up against the wall, awful & very uncomfortable. When we asked for a table  in a more pleasant location they said this was all there was. Our waiter was very good & tried to speak to management but to no avail. My husband felt the portions were small for the prices they were charging. The place was so noisy you couldn't hear your partner speaking across the small table. Other than our waiter it was an awful experience. Management couldn't have cared less. Too bad. We will never go back there and would never recommend it to another soul! Customer service is something they better improve on or they won't be around much longer with all the choices people have in the area. There are some great places on College & this one isn't one of them.Ǿ
hit or miss... Some of the staff is polite. But some are very catty and RUDE. Like attracts like. Clientele is very tacky...fake bust and bad plastic surgery jobs. Generally stiff and scummy and stuffy. No recommended for high standards and quality food and people.Ǿ
*Who lies to someone with an auto-immune diseas?!* (They do). That offense plus the slickness of the sidewalk accosting aside, the food was decent to very good. 

***

So it was a balmy and verdant evening walking down College in Little Italy. After carefully studying several sidewalk menus, we decided on Coco Lezzone for the $30 prix fixe.

The meal: the hummos (ooh, was that olive?) that came with bread was AWESOME. Can't speak for the bread. Soup (clam chow) and salad (basic green) were so-so. Alex' steak in marsala sauce, however, was perfect. Just a bit charred, and just a bit peppery! My salmon in saffron sauce was good-ish, but saffron isn't worth more than its weight in gold for nothing! 

Then it came time for desert. When I told the restaurant manager I was gluten intolerant, he told me that the choco cake was flourless, implying gluten free. AU CONTRAIRE! It was flour and nothing but. Oh, the words I have for him!!

More on the service: said lying manger was micro-managing a staff of college summer-breakers to the point that they were visibly stressed. Our server was adorably clumsy and we loved her for that. Perhaps this tense atmosphere is why our meal was rushed. When you're wine is half-full and the coffee in front of you is piping fresh, you've got a service problem. (Really good coffee, btw).

Portion size was perfect, price was reasonable. Not the worst place. But what is it with rude male hosts and managers on College? They exude hostility!Ǿ
Went there on a Saturday night at about 8pm
- was seated at the very back of the restaurant
- it was very noisy and extremely difficult to have a conversation - had to practically scream at each other (if you want a place to chat and enjoy your meal, this place is not recommended at all - unless you can ask to be seated further at the front of the restaurant, like maybe in a corner near the wall)
- food - was good overall, mine, and my friend's
- price point - ok for the portion and quality
- they have great appetizers
- service level - good too
- crowd - pretty young - around 20 something age group

This place is not recommended for dates or special occasions. If you want to hangout without talking much, and see who is wearing what within the 20 something age group and eat your food while watching them, then this is the place!!!Ǿ
I've been to Coco only once and my experience was excellent.  I visited here on busy busy busy Valentine's Day and the service was fantastic.  We had grilled octupus and was very tender and fresh.  I ordered Italian sausage with penne and it was the best pasta dish I ever had.  It was fresh and the temperature was very hot when served exactly how I like it.  I was very pleased with the serving size and the quality of the sausage was good, spicy and plentiful...the pasta was al dente and defaulted to how its served (how I take my pasta) so if you prefer yours to be so softer then you may want to specify to them.  My friend ordered their steak and they ended up serving him an extra piece because the first piece wasn't big enough so that was a plus for him.  

The ambience is very romantic chic with dim lights and gets very live.  It does get busy and loud so may not be the best if you're looking for intimate conversation without repeating yourself.  Our server was a bit young but nonetheless very profressional, friendly and made sure we were well looked after.

The prices are competitive to neighbouring restaurants and the bottle of carbonated water that costed $8 was costly!