I stopped here for a quick dinner with a friend. Had the chicken grilled cranberry fields salad - it was wonderful. Tuesday nights are 25% off bottles of wine which was a nice surprise. Had to wait a few for the hostess to come back and greet us but there were only 2 waitresses working and they were working on a few tables when we walked in. No big. I can't really say much about the food...I mean, I got a salad, it was a good salad but, a salad nonetheless. However, very cute place, clean, and great service. Jodi was amazingly nice and checked in on us with a funny, outgoing personality. I would go back if I was in the area again.笑
Sorry to see the changes with the new ownership. The menu has become far too expensive and what used to be a lively and packed happy hour from all the businesses in the area is absolutely dead on  Thursday.笑
Stopped here on the way to a wedding reception. I can't really speak for the food except for the chips and dip which were okay, I think it's your standard bar food. I would try a different app because these were just okay. 
I love moscato and of course had that! Facilities were very clean and our waitress at the bar was very friendly and helpful. 
They have outdoor, bar and dining room seating. TV at the bar. Prices reasonable. This place is located in a more residential area so if are from out of town, don't be alarmed! 
Enjoy!笑
Loved it - amazing food and even better wait staff. My wife and I arrived pretty close to closing time (with about 45 minutes to go before closing) and they had no problems whatsoever seating and serving us. Will definitely go back. Food was off the hook, especially the Brisket pizza!笑
Delicious!! The atmosphere is clean, elegant yet casual and kid friendly. The waitress was attentive and friendly. This was our first time to eat here. Enter from the back of the building. Our table ordered two appetizers, calamari and the meatballs. Both were excellent. Entrees, the walleye, Philly cheese steak sandwich, Barbecue pulled pork sandwich, shrimp cranberry salad and a kids cheese pizza. For dessert, yes we ordered dessert too :) chocolate cake, carrot cake and a cheese cake....SOOOO good! Date night, dinner with the family, business meeting and/or just to not do any dishes this place will not disappoint!笑
This is my first visit here & we were very impressed. Service was alright, it got a little slower as we progressed but was still good. I ordered the half rack of baby back ribs: comes with fries, slaw & garlic bread. They were tender & delicious with a little bit of spice. My husband ordered the garlic shrimp pasta- good flavor but for a large guy, not enough food. Father in law ordered Shells galore: a mix of clams & muscles in a garlic sauce. Mother in law got the ribs as well, loved them. Each of us got dessert- raspberry cheesecake & a cake called chocolate fantasy- delicious!! We will be back to try some more off the menu!!笑
Amazing lobster bisque! Awesome menu! Wish I had a bigger stomach! I WILL be back! Wonderful small town feel!笑
Nice atmosphere and good service. Fairly Americana menu. I had a spinach salad that was pretty good with a fairly decent savory dressing. Clean and family friendly of a decent size with a well appointed bar and sports viewing options. I would say this place is just fine, a safe bet, and should be a cherished spot for locals. I've seen a lot worse (Fairfield, OH) for the only decent dining option in a small town. I will be back and try more items to up this rating. I have no complaints about the experience we had here.笑
This place used to be great but has gone downhill since the new owners have taken over.  It's a turned into a terrible disappointment.  The pasta is gone.  The flatbread pizza is flavorless.  It tastes like franchise chain restaurant food.  And our service was slow when we were there at 4:30pm on a Wednesday.  It's not like they were busy.  I used to love this place but now it's just overpriced, bland, chain food.笑
We've gotten this food for lunch a couple of times at work.  The food is OK, not bad but not terrible.

The person who takes phone orders is extremely rude, so I wouldn't recommend calling in for take out.  I haven't eaten in the restaurant but I would be a little wary to based on the service on the phone.笑
We were frequent flyers to Glenwillow Grille and always enjoyed our meals until this evening. We haven't been since they changed owners and will not be back. We went this evening, our bill before tip was $90 dollars and the food was awful. We ordered the chips with cheese, they were mediocre, my son ordered the chicken wrap and said it tasted funny, my daughter and I both ordered the wedge salad (I ordered with shrimp my daughter chicken) it was inedible due to the copious amounts of dressing, the shrimp was supposed to be grilled, it came back with awful tasting spices, and the margarita pizza, I did not know you could ruin a pizza until this evening. It was tasteless. The service was great, very sweet server.笑
Don't let the outside fool you, this place is huge inside. A nice bar area with a large dining area and patio. The atmosphere is casual. This is a good place for after work drinks with coworkers, date night, eating out with friends, or entertaining potential clients. Dinner for 2 people including drinks, appetizer, and one shared dessert our total was $65 and some change, but well worth it. 
Our appetizer was the Willow Chips with white queso cheese, bacon, and grilled chicken. These were awesome. The chips are thin slices of fried potatoes. They used real bacon chopped up and a whole thin sliced grilled chicken breast. I ordered the Shells Galore. This is 2lbs of mussels & clams in either garlic butter sauce or spicy diavolo sauce. I chose spicy Diavolo sauce. This was awesome also. My husband enjoyed his Hawaiian BBQ Flatbread made with pineapple, ham, red onions, and BBQ sauce. There are 3 types of crust to choose from, gluten free, crackered  (thin & crispy), and traditional (soft). He chose crackered. I had a Riesling and my husband had the fruiy Willow punch. Our dessert was the rasperry cheesecake, to die for! We have recommended this restaurant to close friends who have company coming into town this weekend. Glenwillow Grille is a must try, we definitely will be going back ourselves.笑
Had an awesome lunch here today! The food was excellent (crispy shrimp tacos blew my mind) and Nick took great care of us. He was very friendly and made our experience comfortable/memorable.笑
Great find!!! Clean, wonderful atmosphere and delicious food! The staff is very friendly and go out of their way to keep you satisfied.笑
Most of our food was good but some people were unsatisfied. Burger wasn't ideal, not cooked to order, fries really salty. Santa Fe chicken wrap, soft pretzel sticks, and flat bread pizza were delicious!! Go for the pizza if you can't decide! Server wasn't the best, kinda messy and not very attentive, but that may be because we sat in the bar.笑
Sorry the service was terrible. Does it matter how the rest of the experience was?  1 hour  from ordering my first drink she returned to get my order. It went downhill from there.笑
Stopped by tonight for dinner (yes, they are open on Sunday's). I had the Cabernet Burger and it was wonderful. From the bun to the Brie, it couldn't have been better. 

Hubby had the Hamburger Wrap and said it was "very good", which is honestly the highest praise he gives just about anything. 

We were visiting from about an hour away but are figuring in a meal here on our next trip.笑
1 hour since we ordered our meals, still haven't received it. Complimentary bread and butter showed up 10 minutes ago, 20 minutes after receiving our appetizers... alcohol comes out 15 minutes after ordering... slooooow service. Extremely disappointed.笑
Food was pretty good.  I had the "award winning asiago chicken" which came with a vegetable risotto and caesar salad.  No complaints but it wasn't amazing.  I also had their "adult" raspberry lemonade but it didn't seem like there was any alcohol in it.  My friend had the Chicken Porto Wrap and said it was amazing.  He would rate this place 4.5 stars, just 3 for me though.  Service was good.笑
Stopped for the first time.....lobster bisque tasted like something out of a can and I have never seen chicken noodle soup with brown broth. Entrees weren't much better! The only reason they got a 2 was because the waitress was nice. Won't be back!笑
"Really fun place"


I have been here several times and always enjoy it. They have some really nice mid priced wines, always great beer on tap and the service is consistent. I really enjoy their spicy sausage flatbread, chips and dip appetizer and cranberry walnut salad. Really cool patio, great location and occasional life music make this a must try.笑
So I'm going to rate this the same as Brewsters, because it's basically Brewsters in a different location.  It's a moderately upscale bar and restaurant (Brewsters) with a good beer selection (Brewsters) and a menu and layout that looks familiar (Brewsters).

In case you couldn't guess, this place has the same owner as Brewsters and there some really great things about it but it's also lacking in some areas.

The good: we were seated right away, the bar area is very nice with large TVs and any booze you want, it's an attractive place, plenty of staff, good size flatbread, and some really good happy hour deals.  The food really reminded me of Brewsters which would either go here or the next area, depending on your choice.

The ???: we were 2 of 4 people in the place on Sunday afternoon, the manager had all of her attention on friends in the bar and couldn't even say "thanks for coming" or acknowledging our presence, and the Potato Jalapeño Poppers were basically fried potatoes basically and if you dunked enough ranch you could enjoy them.  I don't understand who makes decision to put BLAH appetizers on a menu.

So if you like Brewsters but hate crowds, this is your Brewsters!笑
A bit upscale than your average Italian ristorante but far from a snooty black tie affair.   Food is a bit tavern-ish with an Italian slant.

Been here a couple of times and I've usually enjoyed the food and hospitality.  Cooks take pride in the flavor of the food although one of the waitresses can be a bit honere with the customers.

Enter from the rear (parking lot side).

TIP:  Watch your speed driving to this restaurant!  This area of Pettibone, Oakwood Village, and Cochran are frequented by some of the state's finest revenue collectors (cops and speed traps).笑
Totally disappointed. Used to love their food. It's now below a bar food restaurant indeed and the prices went up. Too bad changes were made you had a good thing going for a lot of years. You will lose loyal customers that would come here often.笑
I've never really eaten a bad meal here. So I start by saying that. Homemade chips good. Soups good. Burger just ok. Not impressed with the flatbread. The biggest issue I have are the prices. Not too huge a portion that your paying for. It's like they are tucked away like a neighborhood place but they want you to pay $12 a plate. More worth $8 a plate for the portions. Bar part is ok. Get a drink and maybe the chips. Skip the rest.笑
There are two entrances - one for the bar area and one for the dining area. We made the mistake of entering through the bar entrance but some waitresses were quick to point us in the right direction.

Food was just okay - it took a little longer than expected to come out, especially since we were one of maybe three families in the restaurant. I had the Spinach Artichoke flatbread which, while satisfying, was a bit greasy and left a dry aftertaste. I sampled some of my father's salmon and it was acceptable but not anything outstanding. 

In all I thought for the quality of the food the prices were rather reasonable, especially for the flatbreads. (Not convinced about the entrees.) Our waitress was slightly slow at the end despite many other wait staff standing around and exchanging glances with us.笑
Best French dip I've had! My girlfriend suggested we try this place while we were out running around. First of all I didn't even know in my 32 years living here that Glenwillow was a city, town or whatever it is. We were there early afternoon on a weekend and it was very slow. I'm guessing they pack them in for lunch and dinner during the week though because there is alot of industry packed in that little place. The prices were fair and the food was excellent. We both had the french dip sandwhich and it was the best if not top 3 I've had. The place is very clean and has a higher end look and feel to it but the prices were not high end. I would highly recommend checking this place out when you are in the area.笑
The food was good. The lunch crowd was big. The service was absolutely horribly slow. Our waitress was nice enough but the service was really, really slow. My friend ordered a burger and I got a flat bread pizza, no cocktails, no appetizers, no dessert. From ordering to paying it took TWO HOURS. That is not okay for lunch. There were numerous people actually walking their checks up to servers in order to get out of there. The food was fine but nothing too special. I wouldn't go back due to the service.笑
Sept 2015 update

Took a couple of months off to let the new owners settle in... worse beyond words... soggy appetizer... nasty burnt coffee... overcooked pasta... tasteless Oscar sauce... for the bargain basement price of $60.48... dessert? Heck no... will not be back!笑
Went here last night to celebrate my birthday. I've been here a few times before and it's nothing spectacular. Way over priced for the crap food they serve. Ordered the lobster flatbread, which came out with cold chunks of fake lobster meat thrown on top. Very disappointing!笑
Celebrated my grandma's 80th birthday in one of their private rooms. It was a surprise and they were so helpful in making it go smoothly, they even decorated the room with streamers and confetti for us. They didn't charge to reserve the room and accomodated our bringing in a birthday cake. Our waitress Allie was on top of our large 24 person party and got apps and salads out quickly. I ordered the lobster Mac and cheese and it was awesome. The Mac and cheese itself was creamy shells with bits of lobster throughout, decorated with a lobster tail on top. Paired with a suggested Chardonnay, delicious. Others in our party enjoyed plates like the haystack burger, the chicken with risotto, and the porterhouse. As we were leaving, there was even live music by the wrap around bar. My grandma enjoyed the night and I know we will return.笑
Awesome place! My wife and I were in Cleveland for the weekend a couple of weeks ago and wanted to try some local cuisine and she came across this place on Yelp. The place is great and has outside seating, too. They have a speciality soup...lobster bisque which is outstanding! The only reason I didn't give the place 5 stars was because they served this fantastic soup with a couple of packages of saltines. Are you kidding me?! A soup like this needs to be served with a good homemade sourdough or French bread. Something you can use to sop up every last drop. I'm not a professional chef but I am a bit of a "foodie" so I passed along the suggestion to the waitress to tell the chef.

I wasn't that hungry that day so I thought I would just go with soup and maybe an appetizer. Along with the bisque they had stuffed banana peppers on the appetizer menu which caught my eye. I'm also a "chile head" and this sounded good. Wow! Glad I only ordered an appetizer! Two huge banana peppers stuffed to the gills with an Italian sausage & rice mixture, then covered with spicy tomato sauce and mozzarella and baked. OMG!!

My wife likes fish and chips and another specialty of the house is fried Walleye, which she ordered. A huge piece of fish battered and fried perfectly along with fries. The fish was perfectly cooked, moist and very flavorful. 

Do yourself a favor and if you're travelling to the Cleveland area, make sure and get off the beaten path and check out Glenwillow Grille. You won't be disappointed!笑
First, let me talk to you about the decor. It is confusing. The bar area looks like a classic 'hole in the wall' kind of place. The dining area looks like a failed attempt at rustic chic. The place was pretty confusing. There was standard salt and pepper shakers on the tables, no grinders.

Our waitress was slow. I'm not sure why, as she had no more than 3 tables including us. She would disapear for long periods of time. This became a problem. One of the POSs had solitare on it. 

The first thing that I noticed (after the decor) was that the item I wanted was not on the menu. I had looked on their online menu right before driving there. WTH?! We ordered the Grillehouse Chips for an appetizer. 
The chips were OK, but they had season salt on them. Why would you use season salt? The melted cheese didn't look like fresh mozzarella and it was all piled in a couple areas. The sour cream wasn't enough and was plopped on some of the chips. 
It took forever to get our food and the waitress stated it was because of a large party. Honestly, I didn't see a large party, but whatever. It gave us time to BS and eat the chips.

My friend ordered the Hot Italian Sausage Flatbread and her only complaint was that it was too hot. She thought it was a good pizza. 

I ordered the Grille Greak and was extremely disappointed. The Greek vinaigrette was spices and white vinegar. No oil and the flavor was flat. The chicken was under seasoned and even salt didn't help bring out flavor. I wanted over 15 minutes for the waitress to do her first check back in order to return it. I just wanted to return it, but she talked me into the ceasar salad. It was a little better, but still too vinegary and lacked flavor. 

As we left, we saw a server area filled with salt and pepper grinders. WTH?!

All in all, the decor was too confusing, service too bad, and food too medicore for the price. I seriously expected better.笑
Love this place- haven't had something I didn't like yet - Cajun perogies are too die for , muscles are pretty good, flatbreads good as well but the lobster dip is AMAZING! I work in solon and just mad I did not find this place sooner!笑
Enjoyed lunch with a group. The place feels upscale with better foods for the whole family.  The service was good.  The bar is up front with dining.  The main part is the dining room with two semi-private areas.  Very nice.  The group had a lot of salads, which were very large and everyone liked them.  Many people had the flatbread pizza, which came in many choices and was good.  The lobster bisque came in a large bowl and was delicious, as well as the calamari--lightly breaded and lightly fried.  We heard this is under new management.  I will definitely go back.笑
This was our first visit and we were both very impressed. Very friendly bartender and server.
The food was really good!! 
The Italian Panini was great with a nice size order of fries to compliment.
We are going to visit this place again to try more items on the menu.笑
Glenwillow Grille has never been a favorite by most of the people I work with but I still pick up food to-go occasionally for lunch. I have always thought that Glenwillow Grille was a little overpriced; but for me, saving 10 minutes by not having to fight all the traffic in Solon for lunch made it worth paying a little more.

I typically pick up a salad and usually think it is fairly good. Their dressings are homemade and the toppings are usually pretty fresh.

However they have just changed their prices and menu after the ownership changed. The salads I used to get and already thought were not the greatest value increased in price by 30 to 50 percent. Depending on the meat, I used to pay between $11 and 12 for a chicken, steak or salmon Caesar salad and that same salad is now between $14 and $18.

Now I am not one to shy away from spending money. I regularly will spend $40 on lunch for sushi. However there is no way I will be going to Glenwillow Grille anymore and spending $18 on a basic Caesar salad.笑
Enjoyed an early breakfast at the Glen Willow Grille. Everything was delicious and beautifully presented. If you have a sweet tooth the Banana Pancakes Foster with Candied Walnuts was thoroughly enjoyed. I had the Eggs Benedict on Flatbread with a smoked ham buried within the layers and avocado wedges. The dish was very tasty. I would have enjoyed a bit more Mornaise sauce on top, myself. Overall, a great breakfast restaurant, excellent service, reasonably priced and delicious.笑
All our food came out lightning fast. It was busy for a Saturday night so I was impressed that the food came out hot and fast. The muscles where a great start for appetizers soup was also very good and home made. Main dish was very good笑
I work in Glenwillow so this is our only choice for lunch or after dinner drinks unless we want to drive into Solon, Aurora or Twinsburg.  Everything I have tried here has been very good.  Their coleslaw is excellent!!  My only complaint that would keep this place from 5 starts is the staff.  They all seem grumpy and not at all happy to be at work.  I'm not saying my server or bartender needs to be my best friend but a smile here or there wouldn't be bad.  I would even take no facial expression if they would just not growl at me!笑
My husband and I were in the Solon area a couple weeks ago and decided to get a bite to eat. We happened to pass this place earlier that morning and I mentioned how cute it was from the outside so we went out of our way to get back to it.  We entered through the bar entrance which looked nice, they also had a beautiful dining room however it is pretty small.  Since it was a gorgeous day we opted to sit outside. The hostess said if we got too warm we were welcome to move to another table. We took her up on that offer and got one with an umbrella.  I ordered a turkey wrap and my husband order some dippy thing (which looked pretty great too!). The service and the food was so great that despite the fact that we live in Concord Township we found ourselves in the Solon area once again the following Sunday and were so disappointed to find they aren't open on Sundays. Bummer!  Oh well, everyone deserves a day off, right?  We will return as this place is worth the trip. I hear they have an awesome steak special sometime during the week.笑
My 16yo son and I recently re located to the northeast Ohio area. So all the local restaurants and businesses are an Adventure for us. I found this location from a review another yelper had posted.

We arrived at the restaurant about 6:03 p.m.  Wednesday and was greeted with live jazz music being played on the patio. We were surprised and ecstatic to be seated within a few minutes in the patio area. 

The ambience , cleanliness, and décor were absolutely superb.  

Negatives-
Slow server responses. Many times she disappeared for several minutes without checking in. My son complained multiple times that he needed refills and service. It was 12 to 15 minutes between service checkins on two occasions.

Menu lacked thorough descriptions and preparation details.

We ordered the  artichoke and spinach dip because that's what we try everywhere we go. My son was not a fan of the light flaky pita chips that came with the dish but I found them a great contrast to the heavy cream of the dip.

For my entree i ordered the lobster flatbread.  My son ordered the California walnut salad with Grilled chicken added.

The menu was not clear on the preparation of the flat bread so I was not expecting the cold, steamed lobster I received. The combination of the sauce and lobster did not provide a favorable aroma or look appetizing. I didn't want to try the dish but did. I did not like it at all. 

In contrast my son loved the grilled chicken California spinach walnut salad with a raspberry vinegarette. He gave me a taste and it was wonderful and fresh.

I ordered a glass of wine while enjoying the music and sent back the lobster dish in exchange for Pasta with shrimp . The pasta was cooked to al dente perfection and the shrimp weri e grilled just right!! 

For dessert my son ordered a 5 layer chocolate mousse cake. See picture for drools !!  :-)

It was a great experience overall. The kitchen was kind in accepting the return of my 1st entree selection. The artist performing was very talented and played no less than 6 different instruments himself and sang. 

Our total bill was around $85 with an 18% tip. I usually always give 22 of 25% but could not bring myself to do so with the inattentive service we received.笑
I really don't understand anything but rave reviews for this place! We have been coming here for at least 10 years...never noticed the change in ownership! We always bring out of town business associates and they all love it as much as we do! Always consistently good food and service. We count on friendly staff which is also appreciated by our out-of-towners. Great beer selection...all good!笑
Went for lunch on a Thursday and found this place to be just OK.  Ordered a flatbread, which seemed like a signature thing but was really just a pizza.  Ordered wood fired and crust was not impressive, pizza was just OK.

Went with 2 others, the one thing we really enjoyed was the outdoor patio, so that is something to come for, perhaps a happy hour or nice afternoon (which doesn't happen that much in Cleveland!)笑
This will probably be a stop for me every Saturday evening since they now have live music on the weekends. As far as food goes, the meatball appetizer in the best but the stuffed peppers are right up there.笑
Upscale sports bar and grill. We sat in the bar area, which had plenty of TVs, a great selection of draft beer and an extensive menu. There was also an awesome live jazz band playing while we were there. I ordered the Willow Walleye - a.k.a. fish and chips, and it was alright. A friend got the BBQ ribs, though, and loved it. We also shared a fudge cake for dessert, and that was excellent. The service was also on point. 

Besides the bar, there is also a very nice patio area and a dining room with a large stone fireplace. I'd go again if asked, but I don't think I would go out of my way for the food.笑
I had not been to the Glenwillow Grille for about 2 years.   My how things have changed.   Five co-workers and myself, upon my recommendation, went to dinner there this evening.   The waiter was over enthusiastic and tried to go out of his way to please us.   This would have been a nice touch had the food lived up to the his hype.  Unfortunately, the meals for half of us fell short.   

When we ordered, some of us had salads, some had soup.   There was no bread or crackers offered.   When I questioned the waiter about this, his initial response was that no cracker really goes with bisque.   I said it would have been nice had they at least offered either crackers or bread.   His second response was that bread was usually only offered on weekends.  Duh!   This was a Wednesday.   Sorry we didn't wait until the weekend.   Not the best response to a diner.  

Two of us had the Walleye.   Not well seasoned.   Totally flavorless.   And the batter was so thick it could have made a meal by itself.   It was very disappointing.   One of the diners had the filet.   He said it was way over seasoned.   His suggestion was to cut the seasoning in half.   I said they should have use some of the seasoning on the Walleye.  

The other three diners were pleased with their meals, though they acknowledged it was just average.  Overall, it was a disappointing evening.   I felt as though the restaurant had let me down.   After all, I recommended the place based upon my experience two years ago.  

I would certainly not recommend this restaurant based upon this experience.   There are better choices available in the area.笑
I've eaten dozens of meals from here over the last year. Nothing too fancy, but definitely adequate to fill up a hungry student. 

Very generous with the pork sandwiches, the 'flat-bread' margarita (read: pizza) is hit-or-miss depending on who is making it. All the salads are well portioned and you can tell they were at least trying when they were thinking about what a person might like from a side salad. Also, all the wraps I've tried here have been delicious. Great homemade kettle chips! 

The noodles and beef-tips were pretty sad, skip on the lasagna unless you are into gut-bombs. 

As far as deserts go; they make pretty decent cookies, layer cakes and I've even been temped by a home made churro.笑
It has been several years since I was here. The food was so-so the service was extraordinarily slow, and I swore I would never come back. Others do seem to like this place, maybe because they can accommodate a large group. I was not pleased.