Not the best customer service and the food was horrible . I would have been better off with a bag of chips and a candy bar. Orange juice tasted like mountain run off on ice. Waiter seemed uninterested and I had to go to the bar to get a table. I'll avoid next time.笑
Stopped here for lunch before my flight back to the Big Apple.  It was actually a nice experience.   My server was friendly.   She kept my glass of seltzer full (although it cost $3.49!)

Food-wise, my wings were good. Very spicy , but I like that.  I had some burger bites and they were pretty decent too.  However, they suffer from the scourge of all tiny burgers in that they are too easily cooked well done. 

Overall, this is a decent spot for a bite.  If you're in a hurry,you might want to pass it by, though, as the food took some time to come out.笑
Worst customer service ever! Wait staff are just order takers. We never saw our server,  had to ask fur a side plate with our shared meal,  had to ask for ranch that we never got. Don't have time to interact with guests. Food is very quick but front of house definitely needs help. Will never come here again and won't recommend it! Very disappointed!笑
Breakfast waiting for a flight out of Las Vegas, what more could you be looking for than the offer of a Bloody Mary and a Full Breakfast with bacon, eggs and toast.

The breakfast isn't anything to shout home about but it is more than sufficient and the usual coffee refills keep coming. If you are just looking for something to fill your stomach before heading on to your next destination then it easily does the job.笑
My fault for ordering poorly, but I wanted something easy to eat. The food was very sad; arrived soggy, looking reheated in a microwave and slightly cold on the inside. The service unfortunately was just as bad. Slow, inattentive and lacking basic standards of sit down food service. I was not offered a beverage until I asked for water after my sad food arrived and was never given napkins or utensils, even after requesting them.  

I think any of the other food options in this terminal would have been better.笑
Gate D has many food places too from (it is definitely the boughier, more well-kept gates of all the ones I've been to at the Mccarran Airport), and I made the right decision choosing this place. Their beer selection goes beyond the Stella/Bud Light selection, which was my selling point in coming here. I got the Goose Island IPA and enchiladas. The enchiladas came out piping hot with a little bit of spice to each bite. My server was very attentive and friendly. The beer took a little while to get out to me, but I think that was because she had to wait for someone else to pour it. I really enjoyed the music selection and its volume not being too loud or too soft. It makes for a good spot to sit and enjoy alone time or to chat with a friend.笑
I was well attended. Their employee named RENE wqs awesome. He took good care of me and he is the best. 

Keep it up Rene!笑
Worst service and breakfast. People that came in after us got served their food before our food! Buttermilk pancakes were rubbery; bacon was chewy--not crispy. Tasted like it was prepared elsewhere and then reheated In the microwave. I asked our waitress if their food is prepared fresh and she replied yes it is on the griddle. I doubt it! I'll never give them my business again!
If you don't believe me--try them yourselves.笑
OMG the words restaurant ever. Horrible food, dirty, horrible service.I concur what the other reviews have said.Hopefully the board of health monitors this site.The help is rude and hygiene is an issue .Servers are on their cellphones and eating food from the food line where the food is ready to go out to the patrons.The waitress never gave us the receipt to do a survey- wonder why? I find  it amazing that this Chili's is still open under present management.STAY AWAY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!笑
Food is as throwaway as any other Chili's, so skipping that. 3 stars is for them having the correct brand of energy drinks I wanted in the cooler. Sure, it took forever for them to ring me up (maybe not forever - not like I missed a flight and am still there waiting), but it did take unusually and excessively long, not to mention charging me a price that would normally get me about 3 cans in anywhere not either a sports stadium or airport. Still, I was glad they had not only the right flavor, but that the cans were clean, unlike a certain place in Salt Lake City's airport.笑
It's a Chili's.... at an airport.... so obviously I wasn't expecting much, but I'll give 4 stars because I am in a good mood and was pleasantly surprised with the breakfast burrito. It has some tasty breakfast potatoes, which were clearly steak fries seasoned and cut up into bite size pieces.. but hey, they were good! The guacamole was tasty, and included in the price, not extra (looking at you Chipotle). I feel like it was a great, solid breakfast before heading onto a 3 hour flight.笑
What one menu item would you expect to remain on the menu at Chili's? Wrong, they took chili off the menu (at least the airport did.) the salmon was excellent even though I had my heart set on terlingua chili. The waiter was attentive, but the kitchen was slow. I appreciate that Chili's has fresh brewed iced tea, but overall they will lose my business since I only eat there for the chili.笑
Awful service. Waiting for 10 minutes after I was seated and then had to get a server myself. Then was just asked if I was ready to order no drinks no silverware or anything. Also the host sat us at a dirty table. Just took a cup off and sat us down didn't wipe it off or anything. The food was good and warm still but the service was absolutely awful. Also after contacting the manager that we were sitting for 10 minutes and hadn't had any service he asked a server to come over and said "I already have a table" awful management. Awful service. I would have rather went to McDonald's笑
Stopped in for airport breakfast sporting a migraine headache. Disappointing on all counts. 6 choices for breakfast--breakfast burrito, omelette variations, 1 classic breakfast. Coffee $3.39 a cup, served with coffee grounds and one of those flimsy plastic stir sticks. I ask for a spoon, one never appears. This is a restaurant--did someone steal the spoons?? Ordered a veggie frittata sans cheese. This is TexMex but that doesn't mean you spice food up so much your mouth is still burning 10 minutes later. Service was marginal. Not stopping in again.笑
I waited 3 times as long for my meal. And all I ordered Texas fries. 3ppl ordered after me and my order came last?笑
Poor service, food is run of the mill. Best part is when they don't know who is supposed to be your server so you just sit there.笑
This is the best option in D terminal. Food was comparable to non-airport Chilis with lots of non-burger options. They have a electronic pager for the server, so you can reach you server for issues/check and they quickly respond.  Great for a sit down restaurant. A bit expensive (but hey, it is an airport).  Note: rating is based on other airport restaurant not non-airport restaurants, as that would be unfair.笑
Terrible experience at this location.  The service was slow and the server kept forgetting our order.  We sat for 15 minutes before anyone even stopped by our table.  Drink orders came out wrong.  Avoid this location.笑
Expect mediocore airport quality service and food choices. It's been a long time since I've been to Chili's and so I'm not sure if this is what one would normally expect from Chili's nowadays, but I remember my experience being quite different in the past. Service is moderately slow (so don't come if you are in a hurry for your flight). Menu is much more limited than as stated on Yelp. Food is expensive and they are chincy. I got all of 4 pieces of sliced (shouldn't it be shredded?) chicken breast on my nachos and a small dollop of guacamole, each for about $2 extra a piece. Music is irritating and loud. I haven't received the bill yet for my nachos and margarita but I'm thinking $30-35 not including tip. BUT this is in an airport and so considering the alternatives....this isn't bad. (If you look at the other Yelp reviews for McCarran, you'll notice similar low ratings for most of the restaurants). On the bright side, there is a full bar with 4 TVs, they let you stay a long time at your table without hurrying you, the service is not attentive but not neglectful either (I got a nice bowl of salsa when I asked for it), and  the seasoning on the freshly fried tortilla chips is TDF (is that an acceptable and understandable abbreviation?). Margarita is so-so which really sums up my experience here....笑
I'm not one to go to Chilis for the service, but the service at this hole is absolutely awful. After being told there is a 15-20 minute wait, we stared at an empty four top that needed to be bussed for over 10 minutes. We also watched as another table say and waited for their waiter (no pun intended) for about the same length of time. This sheer disregard for running an efficient establishment in an airport shows that this chilis has very poor management.笑
I was waiting for my early flight to go back home to Hawaii and while perusing the breakfast menu, the woman next to me started a conversation with me that began with, "You must love Zappos.com?"

She must've seen my Zappos carry on and jacket.

:)

That turned into a long conversation about the company I work for then it segued into our travels. Turns out she been to many places I've traveled to and we shared our stories and opinions.

During the midst of all this conversation, the waitress was like a ninja. Brought me tea, ordered when it was appropriate.

I totally forgot to take a pic of my omelette and homestyle fries, but it was amazing and hit the spot!

I the place was probably half full with other single travelers but, I feel Chili's located inside an airport is another great connecting place for people to meet and build new relationships.

:)笑
Fifteen minutes waiting at the to-go window, multiple presses of the "prompt service" button, completely ignored by two employees who popped into the area, then a frowning staff member appears and says it will be 40 minutes to prepare any food orders. At an airport to-go window? Maybe if they had people working, it wouldn't take so long.笑
Only eat here if you have 3 hours. It took 20 minutes to see a server and we ordered immediately. 45 minutes into the wait for a burger, I asked them to box the order so we could board our flight. Most of the order was wrong, all of it was cold, and no one apologized. For an airport location, I would expect service in under an hour. Not the case here.笑
Horrible Horrible Horrible. Bad service. Bad food. Long wait times. It's in the airport tho so i'll give them some slack and not give them one star, because i really want to give them one star笑
We walked up to the hostess and had to wait for her to come back to reality because she kept staring off into nothing ahead of her. She led us to a table and just placed our menus on the table and left, not a word. OK. It took us a few minutes to look over the menu then placed them down on the table indicating that we're ready to order. (Mind you that we still haven't been acknowledged by anyone, especially our mystery waiter-- did they even exist?!) We flagged down the waiter across the way (short, bald guy) and tried to ask him who our waiter was, but before we could even get to mid-sentence he keeps waltzing by and says over his shoulder, "She's coming. She's coming." OK. Thanks? A few more minutes go by and still nothing (Note: They were NOT that busy!); we had to try to refrain from showing our annoyance because we didn't want anyone messing with our [pending] food order. Finally, we just WALKED OUT... WTF??? I used to work in the service industry and this entire place was a POS from the start!!! All those negative reviews about this place seem more legit to me now!笑
My flight isn't for another 3 hours so I needed to eat and charge my phone so I saw this chilis and it had a place to charge my phone next to a table 

This place has the worst service that I'm writing this review as I'm still sitting in this place ! Their servers need to chose a different Job because they should not be allowed to work as servers ! It's like this place intended to hire the worst people 

I was sat down by the hostess and I had to call someone over after being ignored for 15 minutes! The food takes too long and it's not even busy! The server has not come back to check on me 

The food is just like any other typical chilis but honestly don't come here go buy yourself a burger or sit down somewhere else if it wasn't because I have so much time to kill I would of missed my flight because of how slow this restaurant operates笑
Standard chili's fare.  Got a buffalo chicken sandwich which tastes the same as any other location.  My fries tasted a little off.  Not sure if they were cooked In old oil or something else but they had a bitter aftertaste.  Had to ask for a refill on my drink.  Prices are reasonable for an airport.笑
This is my second experience at Chili's. I wasn't very hungry, so I decided to try a small loaded potato soup. It was amazing, so fresh and tasty. The service was very quick too. The host at the door is welcoming everybody like in a 5 star restaurant. Excellent experience!笑
Flight was 4 hours late so we watched the Wild game here. Bartender and servers were super friendly but I paid $24.00 for 2 Stella's and $7.00 for a basket of chips and salsa. My hubby had an omelet and it was typical airport quality.笑
I ordered a platter of sliders, southwest eggrolls and wings. Everything was pretty acidic. The service was fast, the beer was cold, and it was your Basic Chili's food, so not that great. 

One thing I didn't like was how they had just one girl busting her but on seemingly everything, while others were apparently busy with something else. Looked like she needed more help. No one was happy to be working there at all.笑
First arrived and then Waited for over 20 minutes, then had to fetch our server, then had to wave someone down everytime we wanted to have service. They have buttons in the restaurant to "ring the waiter" which we found out don't work via one of the "servers" we had. This was the worst service ever, chilis has no standards.笑
Didn't get a chance to eat.    Ignorant,  short, bald  ugly white server watched me be seated in his area, ignored me for 10 min, then as soon as the white group sat down he was right in their asses.笑
Waitress never checked on me and never refilled drink. Stale tortilla chips but the standard Chili's salsa was good. Carnitas tacos came out cold, bland and hardly any meat.

Very disappointing.笑
Food: it's the usual food that you would find at a Chili's, crappy, tasteless and lacking of nutrition. But it's the airport, is there anything better?

Service: S. U. C. K. Y. I don't even think the server wanted to be there. 

Value: Not worth it. 

I think that's the best I can do to not make you waste time in this place.笑
I never write reviews but I just had to on this one. I have ate at hundreds of restaurants and never experienced such poor, horrible and rude service. They have absolutely no appreciation for the customer.笑
Service is friendly. Food is the regular Chilis warmed up fare. I'd prefer not to eat this style but was overruled by work friends.笑
Poor seating staff... Showed me where to sit... But no menu. Finally ordered drink and food... Got the drink, but food is (still) taking forever. It's just a flatbread app...笑
If this is based on service then it would be 4 stars. My server was friendly and had a family vibe. Unfortunately I came just before 10 and I ordered the two eggs sausage toast and potatoes. The eggs were really salty and my toast was pretty on one side and burnt on the other. The sausage was really salty. I couldn't finish my meal even though I raised to clear my plate I just couldn't. Will I come here again? Maybe... Maybe I'll try the lunch/dinner menu. I would definitely not come back here for breakfast. I could honestly get better at McDonald's.笑
Staff is friendly and personable, food is on par with any other Chilis, but has a limited menu. Alcohol is pricey, but on par with any other airport restaurant. Not sure why everybody else gave such low reviews. Everything was as expected and service was prompt and correct.笑
I don't think I've ever had to write a more atrocious review of a restaurant than the one I am about to write. My boyfriend and I were flying home to Salt Lake City from our weekend in Las Vegas and we stopped to eat at Chili's while waiting for our flight. 

1. When we walked up to the hostess stand, the hostess made eye contact, turned and walked away from us with no acknowledgement. Once she returned, she sat us. She sat 3 couples in the tables next to us right after. (important for later)

2. I asked our server what the price range was on the margaritas as they weren't listed on the menu. She responded "I couldn't tell you. I'm too new". After waiting 15 seconds, I asked her to find out for me. I watched her fumble on the POS system for 5 minutes before she came back to give me a price. 

3. I ended up ordering a Stella draft beer and my boyfriend ordered a Heineken. The bartender dropped our beers off and said "Did she check your IDs?" We answered "Yes" and he walked away. When it was served, it didn't taste like a Stella (nor was it in a Stella glass). I took it up to the bartender and told him that I didn't think it was a Stella. He responded saying "Yeah, I have no idea what I poured you." 

4. About 15 minutes after placing our ordered, our waitress came back and said "Did I just have drinks for you guys?" We were confused as to what she meant so we asked for clarification. She said "Did you guys just order drinks or did you order food too?" We said that we did and she said "Oh okay, I got it" and then proceeded to go to the POS system to put the order in. The 3 couples who were sat after us had already received their food. 

5. 20 minutes after she realized she didn't put the order in, the "manager" brought out our food. We voiced our concerns to him. He said, "Our POS system has been a little haywire today" and shook off the fact that the first 45 minutes of our experience had been terrible. He told us he would put a discount on our check. 

6. My fries were cold. There was no temperature in them whatsoever when they were served to me. The chicken looked nothing like the chicken I have previously ordered at Chili's either and I was afraid to eat it. Our server didn't stop back at our table for another 10 minutes. By that time, it wasn't worth it to ask for new fries. We still brought it to her attention.

7. Our waitress dropped our check off. She said "the manager tried to help out a bit". I looked at the bill and saw a $2.45 discount (10% off of ONE meal). Our previous bill was $46.00, with the discount they were asking us to pay $44.00. It was completely insulting. My boyfriend found the manager to talk with him again. He relayed all of our issues again. The manager took the receipt out of my boyfriend's hand and ripped it up. He said "I will pay for it". He sounded very irritated and demeaning. 

8. After we got back home to Salt Lake City, my boyfriend started vomiting. He continued to vomit for the entire night and slept in the bathroom. He felt better the next day, so we believe it was food poisoning from his burger. 

At no point during our visit here were we looking for free food. The only thing we were looking for was decent service and decent food. We didn't get either of those things. I doubt I will find myself in the Las Vegas airport again in the near future, but if I am I will stay far far away from this Chili's.笑
Took a while to be acknowledged to be seated.  Several employees were just standing around talking.   Being an airport location you would think getting people seated, served and out would be a priority.

The food was pretty good.  I had the spicy shrimp tacos.  I would order them again.  Service was a bit slow but friendly.   Overall a good experience for airport food.笑
Great service from Jeffrey today
Horrible food. The quesadilla salad with grilled chicken- description sounded wonderful I recall drizzled Salad dressing - salad was wilted and the dressing turned it into a lake - chicken had hot and cold spots 

The jalapeño bacon frys came out looking like they'd been sitting on a shelf 

Beer tap I wanted was broken so no IPA 

See pictures 

1.5 hours later I was sitting in the toilet with major diarrhea笑
When you are hard up and don't want a burger... this will do.笑
Not a great first impression.

Of course, I stopped in here hoping to grab a quick breakfast before my flight.  The place was not busy and I was looking to sit at the bar.  There were no open stools, so the hostess sat me right near the bar and told me my server would be right with me.

I sat there for close to 15 minutes and was never approached or even acknowledged.  I ended up walking out, still hungry and waiting by my gate until my flight boarded.

That is unacceptable! The place seemed to be fully staffed, yet they just let people walk in and out.  There are other options in the airport and I will avoid this place the next time I fly out.笑
For a national chain in an airport, they did a pretty decent job!

Whether you're flying in or out, there isn't a whole lot of time to sit down for a long dining experience.  This is why you see so many grab and go places in any terminal.  For someone like me, I always get where I need to be way ahead of time.  I had plenty of time to relax even if service was slow.  

This location of Chilis was probably one of the quickest service and food preparation I've experienced. There was no need to worry about time.  Our food tastes just like any other Chilis.  Service was friendly and fast.  

I was pleasantly surprised! I certainly appreciated the efficiency!笑
Well, for an airport Chili's it wasn't that bad.

I was with 2 other co-workers and we had some time before our flights so we wanted a place to sit down.

We were all starving but nobody came close to finishing their food.

The service was decent at best, although the woman was trying her best.

Next time I'll grab something else and sit in the smoking lounge and eat it there!笑
As a person with severe food allergies, I've always felt comfortable eating at Chillis because they are more than willing to accommodate me and take my concerns seriously. This Chillis, refused to make any accommodations or serve me food because I was too much of a health risk. It's hard enough traveling and having to worry about finding places to eat and Chillis has always been a safe place, until now. I am very disappointed in the staff at this particular place and the manager didn't even have the decency to speak to me themselves.笑
Amazing....they don't serve chili!!! Overall the food was okay. I ordered the chicken Tacos. They were so so, wouldn't order them again though.笑
This is the only place with screens showing games in D gate terminal. I asked to watch the final Sounders regular season game,  and was told "we can only show football. " On the 4 screens,  2 screens were showing the same game, and 1 was showing a car show. Based on bull sh*t selective application of the rule,  I will now be avoiding all Chili's, and encouraging my friends (many of whom also avidly follow MLS) to do the same.笑
I've previously reviewed a place in Barstow ca that served the worst coffee in the world.  But after stopping at this chilis for breakfast on my way out of town, I'm reconsidering who should have that honor.  

I obtained calories and caffeine from my meal here.  That's really all I can say that's positive here.  

I've been to my share of greasy spoons and airport holes in walls, so it's not like I had crazy expectations here. I love my greasy eggs and simple brewed coffee, but this was just unacceptable. 

Food: bacon lukewarm and chewy.  Toast burnt on one side raw on the other.  Also cold.  Eggs under cooked. 

Service: surly. 5 minutes after my food was delivered I asked for silverware and was sneered at.  Ditto for salt and hot sauce, which were eventually thrown on the table.  

Coffee: out of this world bad.  Lukewarm brown dishwater approximates the flavor.  

I really don't like given negative reviews, but please avoid at all costs.笑
Worst airport Chilis, waiter was not helpful, Queso Salsa chips were more salt then chips, and none of the food can be made to order or customized as we were informed that all the food is made in the afternoon. I've eaten at several airport Chilis and this one is by far the worst! Stay away!笑
Worst location I have ever been to.
The service was so bad that I should've gotten McDonald's. The waiter had an attitude and was so rude to everyone..... Why work there if you hate your job as a server!? My turkey burger was so hard that when you banged a knife on it it was soooo loud like knocking against cardboard.;

The chicken wings were cold, and whenever I asked the waiter to fill my water he would be like "uh what do you want" WTF IS WRONG WITH THIS PLACE笑
This was a quick stop while waiting for our plane.  The airport was busy and so was this restaurant.  The staff was a bit overwhelmed and our waitress was not friendly.  Our food was a bit slow, but it tasted fine.  Not many options in the airport terminal, so this was fine.笑
I went here today for lunch and i had a grilled chicken platter with broccoli and it was amazing! They even had tablets to keep us occupied. They were quick and the servers were very nice and friendly. I love coming here for lunch and dinner. I look forward to going there again.