My favorite restaurant especially the pork cutlet and the minced beef spaghetti and milk tea. Amazing service, have been coming here for a few years already. Never once disappointed me.笑
Came here with a HK-ese classmate for a cheap n' cheerful lunch and was not disappointed. Giant portion of surprisingly tender tenderloin steak, smothered in a mushroom sauce and accompanied by huge helping of rice was super-filling and kept me powered through a long afternoon study session. Melon soup appetizer was just okay. 

Wouldn't call this the greatest food in the world, but it's not half bad, either. I'd definitely come back to sample the rest of the menu.笑
Solid three star from me.  It is Cantonese style Chinese food with mix of Macau, and western fusion.  Worth a try for sure.

Food: 3/5, I've gotten the chicken cream corn baked dish and the chicken cutlet.  From other baked dishes I've had, the cream was a bit too much here .  The cutlet was ok; too bad they used dark meat for this though. The portions are however huge so watch out.  They also give you free soup for lunch (Chinese herbal, cream of ham or Russian bortsche) I wasn't a fan of the soups to be honest.

Service: 3/5, the two ladies working here are super courteous and fast. However the new guy there is super slow, lazies around and not too great to get your orders to come.

Ambience: 3/5, a little odd seating with Chinese TV. It's just a typical table/chair format

Price: 3/5, around $15 per person笑
This place is great for its lunch specials at about $8 per person including soup and tea or coffee. It's the most authentic HK style cafe in Chinatown. I've been here about a dozen times. Dinner is not cheap though.笑
Perhaps one of the best Hong Kong style restaurant cafe in the area. Price is great portion is more than generous and taste is ... awesome. Staff is ultra friendly. I m happy that we finally have a decent restaurant of Cantonese style in downtown (as opposed to having to travel to Richmond hill or Markham). They do however take cash only. So bring cash !!笑
This place is awesome. The food is cheap, the food is good, the food is unique. Chinese style spaghetti? Yes please.

It's a bit hidden, you have to go up some narrow stairs to reach the restaurant. The decor is pretty plain but it's not disgusting inside like some other hole-in-the-walls.

I always get the baked spaghetti with seafood in white sauce here. The flavours are so good, the calamari in it is so crispy even when doused in the sauce. Come here with a few friends and try a bit of everything if you can. Or just come back as often as you can!笑
Courteous, helpful staff and tastily prepared food more than make up for the lack of ambiance in this second-floor hideaway in the heart of Dundas Chinatown. Some daily specials are pricey ($20 range) but they come with a soup, starter and tea or coffee. Many other items are affordable ($8-10). For the nostalgic ex-pat Hong Kong patrons, the Macau (Portuguese) influenced dishes (e.g. baked seafood or pork chop w/rice or spaghetti) are of comfort. Portions are generous.笑
This is absolutely comfort food for me. 

Came here twice before just for the French toast--the filling is crunchy peanut butter which adds a nice texture! Milk tea is just okay, I definitely have had better (I may be biased coming from the West coast...).

I just got over a fever and was in need for some home food. There was a lunch special for $6.95, which was soup (Chinese soup / cream of ham / Russian borscht) + main dish (beef brisket with radish, roast chicken leg with egg, __) + tea/coffee. Add an extra dollar for cold drinks, which is quite standard.
Ordered the Chinese soup which was peanuts and papaya, absolutely delicious and how my mom makes it. The beef brisket and radish was hearty as well. 

Service is speedy and polite, not in your face. This is a casual dining establishment. There a big screen TV playing in the front. 

(Also, yes, for clarification Russian borscht in HK style restaurants  is not the authentic version. With Hong Kong cuisine, you will see that a lot of Western dishes are given an Eastern spin to suit the Hong Kong tastebuds. I find it quite delicious! )

Minus one star because it doesn't serve any soup noodles (i.e. wonton mein), only instant noodles =(笑
Came back here as I said I would to sample the food.  Suffice it to say it was just as disappointing as the beverages.

Starter soups included a Melon Soup and a Borscht.  The Borscht was predominantly sweet, and I tasted like I was drinking diluted ketchup.  The Melon Soup was not a flavourful soup either.

I tasted the Macau-Style Seafood Bake with rice, as well as Curried Beef Brisket with rice.  Seafood Bake came with a battered tilapia, 2 shrimps, 1 mussel over a cream sauce.  The Curried Beef Brisket was okay but nothing special.  Not overly spicy but it still packed a kick to it.  I found the beef brisket could've been a bit more tender.

Lunch specials also come with a hot beverage.  I opted for the "Yeen Yeung" which is HK-Style Tea and Coffee.  They definitely use an instant powdered coffee mix which includes the whitener, and then steep it with the tea.  I could tell in an instant it was not brewed coffee.

Verdict:

With tax and tip the total came to about $21.  The restaurant is located on the 2nd floor.  Instead of the typical KTVs playing in the background, they play retro Chinese movies from the 80s.  There aren't any other options around for "HK Style Cafes" in the Chinatown area.  However, I would probably not eat here again if I were in the area as there are plenty of other tastier options.  My go-to HK Style Cafe is still Lai Doh in Scarborough.笑
Came here twice and love it. They usually have 3-4 daily specials at $7.99 which comes with a soup and hot drink ($1.00 extra for cold). From 2:30pm to I think 5pm they have afternoon specials. However the menu is on a board on the wall and its hard to see. They dont have the specials on the actual menus. Service is pretty good for hk style. Cash only.笑
It was awesome!!! As a Cantonese, and a crazy fan of Hong Kong's canteen restaurant, their milk tea are traditional and original. And the orders are quite big enough for one people and it's cheap or reasonable. 
Anyway, it's become my favorite restaurant in China town!!!笑
The Good: Food and drinks tastes just like the "cha chaun tengs" in Hong Kong. I ordered the Tomato Beef Spaghetti, Vegetable Soup, and Milk Tea. Brought back memories. And all for $6.95 plus tax. Great deal because I still had leftovers after. 

Their milk tea was a highlight because it is very similar to the authentic milk tea I've had in HK.

The place was very clean and the tables have a nice sparkly turquoise color to it. 

The Bad: Almost walked past it since it's on the second floor. Could definitely use bigger signage. 

The Overall: Cheap eats and one of the better places for Chinese food. Doesn't taste oily and the presentation is done well. A long list of choices on the menu. Really can't go wrong with this place.

Revisit: If I'm in the neighborhood and it's lunch time, for sure. Their lunch and afternoon tea specials are a great deal considering how much food you get from it.笑
Restaurant: Hong Kong Bistro Cafe
Cuisine: Chinese
Location: Chinatown
Address: 472 Dundas St W
Price Range: ~$10

1: Poor 2: OK 3: Good 4: Very Good 5: Excellent

Food: 3
Service: 3
Ambiance: 2
Overall: 3

Extra information:

*HK cafe style
*Cheap lunch menu
*2nd floor

Hong Kong Bistro Cafe is located on the 2nd floor on Dundas Street just before you hit Spadina Street. Once you walk upstairs, you will see how small the restaurant is (narrow and long). There were many Chinese middle aged men having lunch when I dropped by.

Ordered: Mexican Fried Rice (seafood) 3/5

*Served with soup (choice between winter melon/borscht)
*Went with Winter melon soup
*Worst soup I've ever tasted and didn't know what it was suppose to taste like
*Comes with mussels, shrimp and squid
*Big in portion, but the rice is very bland
*There is hint of curry flavor
*Needs some kind of sauce (hot sauce)

Ordered: Baked Porkchop on Rice 3/5

*Served with soup (choice between winter melon/borscht)
*Went with Borscht, it was so watery (tasted like water and ketchup)
*Huge portion
*It came a little burnt on top, but there was no cheese on top 
*Instead of 2~3 big pieces of porkchop, it was small chopped up pieces
*Tomato sauce was decent (tasted like tomato soup + mushroom soup)
*There were generous amounts of mushroom and onion pieces
*Prefer one from the House of Gourmet although the tomato sauce is better here

Summary: Hong Kong Bistro Cafe is a place to go if you are looking for quick and cheap meal at Chinatown. Don't expect good service or atmosphere here though. But if I was craving HK cafe style food, I would rather visit House of Gourmet,笑
Love it! Love it! Love it!

This place is always packed during lunch and dinner times and I can see why. Cheap meals with large portions. Dinner specials are also a great deal. Staff are outgoing and polite. Will definitely return to try out the rest of the menu!笑
Hong Kong Harbour Bistro Cafe, otherwise known as HK Harbour, is one of the only Hong Kong style diners in downtown Toronto.  It's also one of the better restaurants in Chinatown.  The service in regards to the wait staff has slipped in the last few years, but the owners are very friendly.  Come before 11:30am to beat the lunch rush, otherwise the small 2nd floor restaurant will be packed with people.

For the casual diner, go with the lunch specials.  Their lunch specials usually consist of steak or stew with rice/pasta, soup of the day, and a hot or cold beverage, usually for less than $8.00.

They do a decent milk tea, and a decent iced lemon tea.. necessities for any Hong Kong bistro.

The French toast is also decent.

Their dinner specials are too expensive and similar to the lunch specials.

Edit:  Try their Baked Ox Tongue.  If you are a fan of Ox Tongue, you will be a fan of HK Harbor.  If you are not a fan of Ox Tongue, then try their mind-blowing Ox Tongue and experience what can only be called an epiphany.  It's like they took a piece of meat with the consistency of a mother's tender embrace and then baked it with love, served with tomato sauce and your choice of rice or spaghetti.  They should just change the name of this place to Baked Ox Tongue because I cannot recommend the Ox tongue enough.笑
Such a good value! No wonder this place has been there forever (according to my friend). It is located on the second floor of the building on Dundas W. We didn't spot the sign right away. Although it is not easy to spot, there were many people eating here (good sign). We were greeted by a friendly waitress. She was very patient and helpful because it took us a while to place an order because we are just very indecisive when it comes to food. 

I got a combo of radish and beef over rice with HK style milk tea and soup which was only $10 (before tax and tip). WHAT A DEAL! The milk tea had a strong tea flavor and rich. The borsch I got was flavorful and had lots of ingredients inside. Radish and beef were tender and well seasoned, 

Overall, my boyfriend and I were very satisfied. We will definitely be back soon to try other menus! If you want to grab a quick and cheap lunch/dinner, this is the place! You also get a lot of food :)笑
This place has one of the best baked pork chop rice I'm GTA and it's really the only HK style restaurant in downtown Toronto.  Good service and good value.笑
Was in the mood for a nice HK style breakfast place and stumbled upon this place on the YELP app. Great nice place for HK style breakfast. When you walk inside, it gives you that kind of atmosphere. It wasn't too busy but once it got closer to the later noon hour, the place became very packed. This place only accepts cash so make sure you bring some money. I ordered the Baked Pork Chops with tomato sauce on rice along with a cold HK style tea. It was quite delicious and I was surprised on the portion of the dish. It was quite large and filling. The prices are quite reasonable and the staff are quite friendly. Overall, great little hidden gem for HK brunch in Chinatown. Will definitely recommend this place.笑
Cash only! It was OK. The signapore curry was definately tasty but i dont think id be back. Really good service and helpful waitress though!笑
Growing up in Markham and Rhill area, "cha chan tengs" were always my favourite but I wasn't really been able to find a place downtown with the same concept so I was pleasantly surprised to have discovered this place through Yelp. It is located upstairs so when you are nearby on Dundas, watch out for their sign! There is a very large menu of dishes to choose from as per any Hk-style restaurant. For those that can read Chinese characters, there is a whiteboard of afternoon tea specials and today special's. I had the stir fried beef with spaghetti, milk tea and my boyfriend had the baked pork chop with pineapple ice drink. Overall, food was good in terms of taste and value! I will be coming back to try more dishes but for now, happy to be able to satisfy my HK-style food cravings downtown!笑
If you don't know about this place or wasn't intentionally looking for it, then you've probably walked past it without noticing. Sandwiched between other Chinese restaurants, you have to walk up a set of stairs to get to the actual restaurant. The decor is straight out of the 70s and to be honest looks a little dingy. 

However, appearances aside, this place serves up some authentic HK cafe (Cha Chaan Tang) food. The menu is extensive and eclectic, with a huge selection of fusion items, anything from Portuguese seafood rice to sandwiches. Service was a bit slow, it took almost an hour for us to receive our food from the time we ordered. I believe all entrees come with soup, which helped ride us over. 

Despite the lack of signage outside the restaurant, the place was surprisingly busy. 

Whether you're missing the food from HK or just want to try something different, give this literal hidden gem a shot.笑
Cheap, Hong Kong-style, upstairs, dirty, but decent food, friendly service, Cantonese soap operas playing in background. Would go again.笑
I come here for the lunch specials whenever I can. $7.50 before tax for a decent sized lunch, hot milk tea, and soup. As for soup choices, you can choose between chinese soup of the day, russian borsch or some cream soup. I always recommend the Chinese soup!笑
We decided to try a restaurant "upstairs" and found this place! We ordered the lamb curry as recommended by the waitress and it was surprisingly very good! Very cozy atmosphere with a great buzz. Remember: cash ONLY!笑
So the place is easy to miss, and it's a bit of a dive when you get in, all the furniture, carpets, walls seem tired and way past their prime but I go here because the food is a good quantity at a reasonable price and it tastes quite good.

I almost always go for 87, baked pork chop with tomato sauce on spaghetti, and it's good for two meals if you get it to go. Hits the spot. I love the sauce and the fresh chopped tomatoes, mushrooms and onions. The takeaway containers are great, they really keep the heat in and no leakage.

Since Kom Jug Yuen changed ownership, jacked up prices and now makes inedible food, this is probably my go-to cheap Chinatown place now.笑
Such a gem of a restaurant. I always get the baked seafood dish with rice and a cold HK milk tea. Everything is affordable. I can't believe I didn't know of this place sooner.笑
This is my go to for "cha chaan teng" for the last several years. Affordable price, great food, and textbook milk tea. The lunch special menu changes everyday so I always look forward to the surprise for what's on the menu. My favourite lunch special would have to be the black pepper sauce chicken steak!笑
Not a lot of authentic good Hong Kong Style cafes in downtown Toronto (especially compared to the plethora of HK cafes in Vancouver), but this one is quite good.  The service I thought was excellent especially for a Chinese Restaurant.  Its a little hard to find this place, but thank goodness for Yelp reviews to help guide the way!笑
You probably wouldn't even know that this place existed unless you had eagle eyes or a friend who told you about it. Go up the narrow flight of stairs and you'll find yourself in a simple, no-frills spot. Decor leaves much to be desired, but that's not what you're here for now, is it? 

Came here for lunch this past Sunday around 1pm, and the place was packed. They had lunch specials that day ($7.50) and I ordered the garlic sauce steak with spaghetti, which also came with a soup (minestrone, cream of corn or seaweed) and a drink. The plate was HUGE and we had a hard time fitting everyone's dishes on the table. The food was tasty, but nothing spectacular. Minestrone tasted a little diluted. My honey-lemon drink was pretty good (costs an extra buck though). I'd be curious to try some of their other menu items, because I love HK-style Western food!

Service was...hmm, how should I put it, authentic? One of the servers was a little snippy, but the other was quite friendly and patient in explaining the specials, and wasn't annoyed (at least not outwardly haha) when we called her back to change one of our orders. This place was very understaffed. We didn't get our drinks until halfway through the meal and the main courses arrived before our soups...but you overlook it, seeing how busy these guys are (the poor dude at the counter was up to his elbows washing glasses and handling the cash register)! Other than the university students chatting away in English, this place almost makes you feel like you're in Hong Kong.笑
I visited Hong Kong Bistro twice and I loved the food there. The milk tea tastes just like the ones I had in Hong Kong. The food there are really delicious and the service are quite lovely. They have their daily specials, and they are really good deals.笑
I used to live in Richmond, BC for 10 years so I've had great experience with Canto-Western style of food.  Is this Hong Kong Bistro Cafe the best?  Nope.  Their HK Milk Tea needs work but I also know this is probably the best Canto-Western food in downtown Toronto.  

The Good: 
1.  Great portion!!!  I swear their Baked Seafood Rice gives the most seafood of all I have tried and it's not even over $10.  Great deal.  My criticism is they need to put more cheese at the top.  Their Tomato Based Pork Chop rice is also good.  Big portion. 

2.  You always start with one of the 3 soups of your choice (Cream based, Tomato based and Hong Kong style traditional soup).  

3.  Friendly!!  The hosts actually smile a lot.  That's something Richmond/Vancouver servers severely lack in Hong Kong style restaurants IMO.  

The Bad: 
1.  Milk tea needs a bit more work.  
2.  I was hoping to have some kind of combo deals with meal + milk tea.  This was hugely popular in Richmond.  If I order Iced Milk Tea separately, it pushes the bill over $13.  Yeah yeah, I know I am cheap.  lol笑
Food is okay but their ying-yong (coffee &tea) is the bomb!笑
One of my favourite restaurant. Great food, large portion, great value. Love their HK milk tea, so good.笑
This is the only solid Hong Kong cafe that I'm aware of in Toronto - which is shocking to me.  I mean, come on, who doesn't love inexpensive, Chinese-Western fusion food?  Why aren't there more?  I really hate having to go to Markham for a decent selection of HK cafes.

Despite having no other clear competitors (as I believe Red Onion is now closed and Goldstone on Spadina isn't like the Goldstone in Vancouver), it's actually a pretty decent option for Toronto.  Service is good, lots of daily specials and lots of lunch time combos available.

My all-time favourite dish and standard HK cafe order is the Baked Pork Chop on Rice with a HK Milk Tea/Coffee on the side.  It's far from top tier, but it's decently represented here - usually lots of onions and mushrooms in the tomato sauce.

While this place pales in comparison to the selection available further north of the city, it's a decent Chinese diner option in the core.  Believe it's open until 10PM everyday.笑
A very different take on Chinese food in China Town. I was very keen to try lt.  I read about this joint on blogTO last week and a friend suggested we try it last night.

Apparently when the British colonized Hong Kong a whole bunch of cafeterias serving polyglot Cantonese British food sprung up and are still very popular to this day.  Hence the unusual dishes on the menu like Duck with Red Wine Sauce , Pork with Tomato Sauce and Borscht!

The interior is great, ripped benches and we'll just well loved shall we say.... Service was very friendly. My friend described the dish he had wanted and the waiter knew what it was. 

Decent place if you are in Chinatown and want to try something very different from the norm.笑
quite unattractive
second-storey, white decor
amid chinatown

but the food i got,
their hainanese chicken rice,
was insanely good

bizarre chinese dish
appears bland and colourless
but it's full-flavoured

tender poached chicken
moist, garlicky, tasty rice
cooked in the bird's broth

served with pickled veg
plus sambal, ginger sauces
an impressive eat

extensive menu
with odd stuff, like... spaghetti
will make me return笑
Been going to this place for the past year! They have so many options that I don't think I've gone through half the items even though I've been going forever. Best time to go is during lunch for the special which is under $10 and comes with 3 items (soup, main, and drink). My personal favorite go to is the chicken steak  in any of their sauces!笑
As soon as we walked into this second floor restaurant, our senses told us on no uncertain terms that we have arrived at a Hong Kong style cafe. Is it the quintessential smell of milk tea? Is it the chairs with their plastic covers and metal backs? The typical glasses for our tea? The Chinese menus on the wall? Whatever it is, we knew we had arrived at a place that will satisfy our cravings for east meets west cafe food.

I had the lunch combo of chicken leg and egg on rice that came with a good helping of broccoli. It was pretty good - nothing fancy, and a good size. He had diced chicken and salted fish fried rice which was decent as well if you're into savoury and pungent flavours.

Super glad we found this place downtown as there are so many more options in this style uptown than in the heart of Toronto.笑
Found my new favourite at this place!! Baked seafood rice with fully stuffed seafood: fish, shrimp, mussel and crab meat.. 100% recommended笑
This is one of the more consistent spot in Chinatown.  They offer Hong Kong tea style food and large selection of items.  The portion is always big and the quality is quite consistent.  Their lunch special come with tea and complementary soup and I always opt for Chinese style soup.  I like Hainese chicken rice here and chicken is always cooked well.  The dipping sauce is ok and I'd prefer it to be a little more hotter, but overall I have no complaint since it always get me full for under 10 bucks.  The service is quick and efficient and owner has always been friendly.笑
Of all the HK style Chinese restaurants, this is the best - seriously. My favourite is the baked pork chops in tomato sauce with spaghetti (rice would be the other option). None in the GTA comes close to its flavour - and I've been to practically most of them.笑
2.5 STARS
There are lots of dishes to choose from off the menu (Chinese to colonial European-Chinese fusion) plus lunch & chef's specials posted on the walls.  I opted for the lunch special chicken & rice Macau style which comes with soup and coffee or tea ($1 extra to make it ice).  

The main itself didn't look that impressive when it arrived, very simple with a bowl shaped mound of rice and chicken & onions in a yellow sauce.  The sauce is coconut based with a hint of curry which was tasty and not spicy.  The chicken pieces were deep fried and tender but more bone than meat and the onions were pretty much raw.

Overall the meal wasn't the greatest but the efficient and attentive service made up for that which was a nice surprise in Chinatown.  I probably ordered the wrong thing but will return to try one of their popular baked dishes next time.笑
Toronto's Hong Kong style cafe. Waiters and waitresses are friendly. Food is great as well as the price. (Not to mention the 20% currency exchange discount I got.) 

It's a must go place if you ever want to see what the hkers eat in Toronto.笑
I came here for lunch and the place was 75% full for the whole time I was there.
waitress was very respectful, fast paced service and was extremely friendly. 
if you're looking for traditional chinese cuisine, i would recommend stuff from the chef's list menu (it's placed on the table;not on the actual menu), but today's lunch special is not bad to choose from if you're looking for a food to just eat that is filling. 
I had the chicken steak with fried rice with fried egg (one of the lunch special) and it was REALLY filling, very tasty and I devoured that thing because it was THAT good! I was 100% satisfied with what I'm paying for because the price was similar to what you see at normal steakhouse (kelsey's, milestones, montana, etc) but the portion was way more here! 

Real talk that is not food related though, 

I've experienced several disrespectful services at Chinatown restaurants, but this place made me feel safe that I am asian that doesn't speak chinese. The two waitresses that worked there was extremely friendly and I would definitely come back for their service and their tasty food!笑
This is a no-frills typical HK style cafe right at Dundas/Spadina (easy to miss because it's on the 2nd floor). Prices are cheap and portions are generous. They often have combos that include tea and soup. Expect to find the usual dishes like Malaysian curries, baked spaghetti, ham and macaroni soup, "Russian" borscht, milk tea, lemon coke, etc. If you've never had this style of food before, it may seem odd -- it's basically "fusion" before it was a thing - think Chinese takes on Western dishes. Nothing fancy, but oddly comforting. Service is swift and there are TV's playing Cantonese news channels. There are not a lot of HK style cafes downtown, so I'm glad to see this place is still around (the newer Red Onion on Spadina is similar, in a nicer dining room, but food here is slightly better IMO).笑
This place was not obvious at all, and even after finding it I probably would not have ventured up here if we weren't tired and hungry. But it's a great example of how you shouldn't judge based on looks. While the narrow entrance and staircase didn't look (or smell) all that inviting, we were relieved to see several tables with patrons for a somewhat late dinner. With the regular menu as well as a number of different whiteboards with specials along the wall, it took a while to decide what to order. The waitstaff were friendly and helpful and I settled on a lamb dish on rice, which was shown on the wall. We appreciated that everyone had a choice of soup to go with the meal, especially the fact that they had several options available. My chicken and cream soup was tasty, as was the entree itself, which was ready after a reasonable amount of time. A huge portion of lamb, all very tender, along with sweet onions as well as ginger and scallion. I might have preferred less sauce on top, but the taste was on point.笑
We almost couldn't find the place. It's on the 2nd floor, and it has one of the smallest and most unattractive signs I've seen in downtown Toronto. Anyways, the reviews here made me come here. Being a massive cheapo, I'm always on the hunt for good food at decent prices.

We had Macau chicken (so called Portuguese chicken but it's not actually from Portugal) and the ground beef casserole. My partner didn't like the ground beef casserole because the sauce was too sweet. It doesn't taste like meat sauce. I tried a little and I agree. It's edible, but not something I'd order again. The Macau chicken is one of my favourites. Here, it's just OK. This dish had several problems. First of all, the rice was separate from the sauce. This is a dish that tastes much better when it's a casserole. Secondly, the chicken pieces were full of bones. I went to Cafe Arc De Triomphe and their chicken was way better. 

We both had the corn chicken soup which came with the meal. It's again, edible. It's not something I'd crave. I'm getting a different soup next time.

Like most Chinese places, don't expect much service. But like most Chinese places, their menu is very extensive. 

From a purely food quality perspective, the food should be 2 stars. But I'm bumping it up to 3 because it makes me feel like I'm in HK and the prices are ridiculously cheap. They have daily specials at $6.75 and the food portion is large. Comes with soup too. I'd actually come here again just because of how cheap the food is. I like trying new foods and HK cafe food is something I haven't tried much of.笑
I have no earthly idea why this place is 4 stars!!! Bar none this was the worst good I have ever attempted to eat. We had the baked seafood, curried pork chops and chicken and mushrooms which came with two soups. The food was mostly very bland with the exception of the baked seafood which tasted rancid. The curry was thw most flavourful thing if salty is a flavour. The staff are super nice though and the portions were generous.  But we are all of two bites and left because the quality was untenable.笑
Wow!!! We had high expectations from reading the reviews and looking at the pictures but we were blown out of our mind by what we got. 

For the $30 incl taxes and tips, we got enough food to feed four. We ordered a daily special composed of vegetables, chicken chop with mushroom sauce served with friend rice and topped with a fried egg (that alone is one dish) and a baked tomato pork chop rice. Both came with a soup and the chicken chop came also with milk tea. 

Flavours were typical of those found in traditional Hong-Kong style café: giving an Asian twists to western dishes. Both our choices were amazing and the flavours definitely reminiscent of the cheap "asian western food". 

Indefinitely intend on returning here sometime in the near future !笑
Service was excellent. One of the few chinese places that actually greeted me in English first without attitude. Food wasn't bad either, they got my order wrong but noticed before serving it to me and offered to replace it, which I commend. I ordered the baked pork loin with onion sauce. Very good pricing for what you get and it was delicious! Got complementary soup as well.笑
You want great food and great service? Best to stay away from here.  If you want to change your free tea with your meal to a cold tea they charge your 50 cents and in reality they charge you $1.00 on your bill.  Now if they come back with a hot tea even though you've asked to upgrade to an iced tea with the meal you have ordered, they will blame you for ordering wrong and then if you want to still get that ice tea upgrade, they will charge you the hot and the cold tea upgrade combined.  So ladies and gentlemen, I know it's cheap food but that doesn't mean the service needs to be cheap too.  Please just go to another nearby restaurant that serves the same dishes with more reasonable service.笑
My favourite Cantonese style diner in downtown Toronto! Super  cheap price for the quantity and quality you get. The lunch special is less than $10 and includes a huge entrée (usually a meat with veggie and choice of spaghetti or rice on the side), choice of soup and a drink. The service is already very friendly.  The diner doesn't have the nicest decor but it's clean.笑
Live! 
New table top, gives the place a nice refresh feel.

Recently that have a few new dishes, like today they have "Roast beef in Devil's style", I guess this is a Halloween special.

Can't wait to try it.

15/15笑
I was skeptic about this place because it was upstairs, it seemed a little sketchy lol. But a friend of mine said they tried it out and it was pretty good, so I went for it.

I find it hard to find an authentic HK bistro in downtown but after living in chinatown for a year, this is my favorite Hong Kong style cafe in the area. I love this place, it has a very authentic Hong Kong flavour and vibe to this place. The workers are always really nice and their pork chops are the best. Their pork chop with onion gravy sauce on rice is my favourite.笑
As others have mentioned in their review, the atmosphere is...not that great. The washrooms are a bit dirty and the carpeted interiors definitely need an overhaul. However, this place excels in every other category. There's really REALLY good service here. The waitress we had was super friendly. For the food: 

Satay chicken skewer (appetizer; 4 skewers): We were pleasantly surprised to see it came with a fruit salad, but it was tossed in a ranch/caesar dressing. The fruit was fresh but the sauce was kind of an odd choice. Next time, we'll be sure to ask the waitress that we just want the fruit on its own. The skewers themselves are great. There wasn't really a satay flavour, but it came with a peanut sauce which was amazing. (Skewers were 4.5/5 stars, weird fruit salad was 2/5)

Free soup to start (Choice of Chinese, cream, or Russian borscht): We had the Chinese and borscht. Both were good. Nothing out of the ordinary (think Campbell soup), but it was tasty (3.5/5 stars)

Baked beef brisket with rice: The sauce was great and had a bit of a kick but don't worry, it's not too spicy at all. The beef was perfectly cooked as well. (4/5 stars)

Sweet and sour pork rice: The meat was well cooked and had a lot of crunchy parts, which was great. The sauce was tasty too. (4/5 stars)

Cold H.K. milk tea = A great drink for a hot summer day. If you've had milk tea from Lucullus, I would say that it's a bit milkier/sweeter here. (5/5 stars)

Overall, it all came to around $34 for everything and the portion sizes were big. We had to take the entrees to go. HK Bistro Cafe is a great choice if you're in the area.笑
Came here on a Sunday afternoon and it was pretty packed. Good thing we came before the crowd as we saw tons of people come after us waiting for table.  This place won't "wow" you with its decor.  It has this weird swinging door to divide the washroom which reminds me of the saloon doors from the old times.  haha. 

Food speaks volume and I can see why this place is rated highly on the yelp community.  They have daily special for $6.95 which includes soup and hot frink ($1 more for cold) There were 3 choices today - Steak in peppercorn sauce with rice or spaghetti.  I got the Baked Porkchop with Tomato sauce on rice/spaghetti and the last option was the Portugal chicken on rice/ spaghetti which my wife got  Both dishes were good and the porckhop was pre-chopped up and crispy.  We ordered 2 cold drinks - cold lemon tea and cold ice milk tea.  

Overall, I will need to try this place again especially for the afternoon tea time 2-5pm.笑
This is a review based on one visit. Take it for what it's worth. 

I ordered the lunch special which was baked grounded beef and cheese spaghetti. Also know as spaghetti. The tomato sauce was very sweet and artificial (did they just add a jar of sugar?) and not a good flavour.

I would like to come back and try their regular menu, but the place is so dirty I don't want to. Luckily they're renovating soon. 

Low price for a lunch combo makes this place worth coming as a local (ie if you live/work within walking distance) but not worth the trip otherwise. 

I did not finish my food. 

2 stars out of 5.

Jimmy's Yelp Ratings Scale for Food:
[*] Disappointing. Just...no. 
[**] Not very good. Will not return. 
[***] It is what it is. Go enough times and you'll break even on quality. 
[****] My go-to place. Rarely disappoints. 
[*****] Everything on menu is good. Every time.笑
So this place isn't close to me or anything, but it's become my go-to whenever I just need that HK-style fix. It's not attractive, upstairs, and cash only - and believe me, I would love to dock a star for it being cash only - but it's really good for what it is.

I usually order the baked pork chop with tomato sauce on spaghetti and a cold HK milk tea. The soup it comes with is boring - nothing to write home about, needs a good few dashes of black pepper whatever kind you get. The milk tea is on point. I don't feel it needs sugar or anything and it goes down really smoothly with nice flavor.

As for my choice of entree? The spaghetti isn't mushy or anything (which I've heard can be an issue at similar places), the pork chop is meaty and tasty without too many weird bits (bone, etc.), the little mushroom and onion pieces are a nice touch, and the sauce is the perfect sugary, slippery, worst-spag-bol-you've-ever-had-but-you-crave-it-every-week stuff.

I would definitely be down to try their other dishes, but I love this one too much to deviate. I will continue to go back despite the annoyance of cash only.笑
Two Words - Great Value! 4/5! 

Being the picky foodie that I am, I constantly struggle picking places to eat for lunch when I don't bring my lunch. No fast food, fancy restaurants, and definitely don't want to spend a fortune on just lunch. I came across this place on Yelp and I closed my eyes and told myself, let's take the plunge (I don't like chinese food haha). 

To find this place, it's best to head to Dundas/Spadina (almost directly across Tim Hortons on Dundas) and to look for 472 Dundas St W. You will find one door and head directly upstairs to the 2nd floor and turn left. When I walked in, it's like a Hong Kong Cafe and was greeted immediately. 

Order:
1) Baked Seafood - Macau Style w/spaghetti (can choose between rice or spaghetti)
- $11.25 tax included: comes with choice of tea/soup
- baked shrimp, cubed carrots/peas (ones you find in the frozen packages), mussels, onions, breaded tilapia and mushrooms in a yellow creamy sauce 
- HUGE Portion: lots of spaghetti 
- I really enjoyed the variety of ingredients and the creamy sauce was a good blend with the spaghetti

Other notes:
- laid-back
- lots of tables
- 2 tv's playing with fairchild television playing TVB shows
- can find menus on the wall with both English/Chinese 

Considering the fact that I don't really like Chinese food, I was quite pleased with the taste, portions sizes and price - GREAT VALUE. I generally have expensive tastes in food, but I am definitely willing to come back and try the other items listed on their menu. Sure, the decor looks unattractive and looks sketchy from the outside, but, if you are looking to have a full stomach/relaxing time, go there! Sometimes, the smaller/no-name places are hidden treasures, so go out of your comfort-zone! Also, the waitresses appeared to be calm/relax/not rushing for you to order compared to other chinese restaurants I have been to. 

Helpful Tips
- Address: 472 Dundas St W (close to Dundas/Spadina), almost right across from Tim Horton's on Dundas 
- Menu Prices: Everyday specials from $7.95 - $11.95All Day specials ranges from $14-$25
- Best time for lunch: 1:00pm - lots of tables available and based on previous Yelper's experiences
- Tables: lots of tables of 4's/6's - one side of restaurants has booths. If you are going alone, they will sit you at a table of 4 (I didn't see any smaller tables)