If I could give negative stars I would. 
I have never been so angry with service before.
We were ignored. There for 1 hour and didn't receive a single refill.
The waiters were rude and Uncaring to the costumers. 
I will never eat here again.Ǿ
Being from Toronto I'm visiting my cousin in Whitby for a couple of days we decided to go to this place around 9pm on a Wed night -Nice little set up but I have never seen a bunch of servers in one place so miserable looking- they looked annoyed no one smiled and they look like robots- Seriously robots- this one tall Chinese server he actually looked like a robot it was the weirdest thing I've ever seen.            

After our second round of ordering- not the greatest sushi in town it reminded me of Loblaw's sushi in a box but it is what it is-Our server decided to go on a dinner break and we never saw him again.We could see him eating in another room in the  restaurant he just left us..... so we had to flag down another server and she looked annoyed too... again the weirdest thing I've ever seen I'm telling you...they just didn't care and they just didn't give a shit and they didn't hide it... don't they know they're in customer service and they need to make a little bit of an effort with customers who are there to spend money. Nope I guess not. Weird very weird I tell you....... Don't go for the food just go for the robot show. lol . 3 people $61.78. Totally not worth it.Ǿ
I have been to this place several times but because of the lack on consistency I am giving this place a 2 out of 5.

There are not a lot of choices when in comes to sushi in Whitby, so I guess that's why I keep giving it another shot.  

They do have a great selection but you pay for it.  I find it expensive for what you get.  An all you can eat sushi bar, fine but not a that price.  If you do want to try this place I recommend that you go when you think the place will be busy.  Weird I know, but like I said I have been many times and for one reason or another the food is always better when it's busy.  

If they can serve consistent quality food then this place has potential, even at their price point.

When the food is good, it's good but when it's bad, its really bad.Ǿ
Great variety and great service. I've been here many times with no issues. The food has always been fresh and delicious. A great place for groups!Ǿ
Service was fast, we got our rolls within minutes while waiting for our tempura food. We wait forever for our bills 
The food was very BLAND and everything tasted the same. Rolls were small, and sloppy. We order the spicy tuna rolls but it had WAY TOO MUCH mayo sauce combine in it. We asked for less deuce but they told us that it was already made and couldn't change it...(didn't understand why they just couldn't add more tuna to the mixture but whatever)
Green tea was too weak, wasabi wasn't A strong flavour, it was very BLAND as well. 
Lots of roll choices, however not much of a selection on different entrees. 
There's a lot of but SUSHI  AYCE places around town. 
$16.99 for dinner all week along.
We won't be back.Ǿ
The meal started off slow but the end game was strong. 

Came in at 1230 on a Thursday. Big party in the other room so service was a little slow to start. 

Really good decor and your standard all you can eat sushi menu, heavily promoting salmon and white tuna. A good place to bring amateur sushi goers and a good place to conduct small meetings, large parties, and family outings. 

The overall construction on the sushi and the overall quality of the good was sub par, but does the job for the most part.Ǿ
I used to vacation in Japan regularly every summer as my family was stationed there for work so I was missing all the good Japanese food. This place is a hidden gem in the Oshawa-Whitby area, and for the price which is eat-all-you-can for 20 bucks for dinner, it definitely does not disappoint! We've visited Tatemono's, but I prefer this place as the taste is more authentic and the surroundings is more casual, relaxed, & modern. The servers are efficient and our food comes to us quickly, so we didn't have to wait too much. 

The dish I would recommend everyone to try is the rice pizza sushi butterfish. The chopped sushi butterfish is simply delicious over the crispy rice! The tempura came to us hot & crisp, and the chicken, salmon, and beef teriyaki were all so succulent and delicious! All in all we had a very good food experience. We will definitely be going back here again!Ǿ
I had lunch here today. I thought the price was great, and the decor and service was exceptional. Those plates were not left sitting around your table, and your water glasses unfilled. They were on top of it. 

Everything I had tasted good, but I would skip the "spicy salmon handroll" because it is that chopped up salmon bits mixed with mayonnaise. Not my thing. 

Highlights: all nigiri items and pickled radish roll. 

I'd say for the price, and considering you're in Whitby, give it a whirl.Ǿ
This sushi restaurant is now under new management with new staff and operating under the name Sushi Today.
Sadly so many of the things that made Go Believe a good place to eat have been lost in the change over. Service in particular is very poor. Most of the staff have very little command of English, and so don't understand when you try to ask them a question.

They are very slow in refilling drinks, which you get through because it takes even longer to bring half your order. Yesterday I waited over an hour for some fried rice and avocado pizza to be brought out. 

When the food does come, it is ok, but noway near as good as under the old management. For a Sushi restaurant you'd expect them to be able to cook decent rice, but no longer can they seemingly manage that here.

They've also brought in a new gimmick of iPad menus; instead of writing on a piece if paper your order, you click on an image on the iPad. This sounds fun at first, but the layout isn't great for finding what you like, and nice you've selected your order, there's no way to transmit that without a server coming up and entering a pass code. The problem being the servers are so inattentive that you wait ages for one to actually submit your order.

Based on our last few visits we are unlikely to rush back here. Before it was our go-to place.