Great little place.  Most dishes are $9.99, great lunch, burgers cooked to order with different toppings on it.   Very large portions. Owner was very friendly as was the staff.  I'd visit again.  The building is old but they've done a great job fixing it up in an airplane motif.Ǿ
This place is awesome. Stayed at the worldmark across the street and this was our go to spot after coming back from the strip. Food is good, drinks are great, and the bartenders are awesome. I will definitely go back there next time I'm in Vegas.Ǿ
This place is AWESOME!! The food is excellent and the service is great.They give you HUGE portions. The only thing I didn't like was the smell of smoke when you first walk in; it was horrible, but the eating area is nonsmoking and they try to air it out as much as they can. The building looks dirty from outside, but that's part of it's charm. I did not expect this place to be this good;if it wasn't for the other yelpers, I wouldn't have eaten here. I had loaded potato skins and the french dip, and my boyfriend had the Philly cheese sandwich. I don't feel the need to break it all down because it was all very good.However, the potato skins are more like a baked potato; yeah, that big. I will DEFINITELY go back when I'm in Vegas.Ǿ
When i first walked in, i had my doubts. The place smelled like an ashtray and the bartender was yelling at someone. But like they say, dont judge a book by its cover! This small bar has one of the best bar food in vegas and the bartender, Tony, is HILARIOUS!Ǿ
Awesome place! Visiting vegas from California, saw this place on yelp and had so many great reviews we had to check it out. Friendly service, great food choices, great prices! Totally awesome place! Planning on having breakfast there again tomorrow!!Ǿ
Good burgers. Awesome bartenders. Happy hour. What more could you ask for? 

My favorite locals bar by farǾ
From the outside, this place looks like a dirty locals bar. My brother and my friend went there to get a beer, and came back singing it's praises.

When we went over there, the place immediately had a good vibe. A bar w/ video poker, a shuffleboard game, and some areas to chill back in.

We ate and drank for super cheap, and the food was REALLY GOOD. I had the French Dip, and it was absolutely delicious.

It looks like a dirty bar, but ended up being a diamond in the rough. If you're in the area south of "The Strip" or better yet, staying at the WorldMark or Budget Budget (yes that's 2 Budget's) Suites across the street, it is 100% worth a stop!Ǿ
it's 5am, you just got out of the club dancing like a loca for 4+ hours, you absent-mindedly took a cab back to your timeshare condo 5 miles off the strip and are now starving.  where do you go?  why Geebee's across the street of course!

they offer the full menu 24 hours, 7 days a week.  there's nothing like a patty melt and heaping mound of fresh fries after a night of drinking and dancing.  the late night bartender was a lil rough at first, but soon sweetened up after chatting for a few minutes.  nothing could take away from the grubbin late night eats.  we also went for dinner and breakfast and were never disappointed.  you can't miss with a diner and full bar wrapped nicely with vegas lights and video poker.Ǿ
Stopped at Geebee's for lunch a few weeks back. What a nice surprise! A very friendly and relaxed atmosphere and the food was great. I'll definitely be back. In the restaurant area, they also have a kid's menu--I'll try that out on my 2 year old son during our next meal at Geebee's.Ǿ
This place is soo cool.  A group of us were waiting for a shuttle to the strip butit never came so we partied all night at GeeBees. We bought so many drinks and food and the bill only came out to $60. I would go to vegas just to go back there again. We had such a good time there. And the guys played shuffleboard so the girls could have a good time. 10% off if you have a timeshare at worldmark.Ǿ
Pretty awesome. My friend has lived here for 4 years and she said this is some of the best breakfast around. After going there, I have to agree!! I had the country benedict and she had eggs and bacon. Together, with a tip, our meal was under $20. The meals came with has browns or home fries (I got hash browns, she got home fries -- I had some of both though) and her's came with toast. The sausage was amazing and the eggs were poached to perfection! The hash browns were seasoned just right and not overcook. The home fries were crispy and flavorful. The atmosphere was pretty neat, too! Lots of old airplane things. Would definately go there again. :-)Ǿ
Best service I' ever had. The manager was our waiter that night. He checked that we had enough sauces, drinks (refilling when drinks were not even half empty!), even napkins! We ordered a burger plus a side each. My husband wanted two different sides and they gave us the second as a courtesy of the house. I recommend this place to everyone who is after a good and unexpensive meal. (burgers at 7.99 and are huge). Open 24/7. Also serve breakfast.Ǿ
I came here with my boyfriend after reading a bunch of reviews on here... and I wasn't disappointed. 

First off there was a sign in the front that says no one under 21 allowed. Being that people said it was a family friendly place, we were kind of confused. We called them up and the lady was super nice and said it was no problem if we came in and ate. That definitely made us feel better. 

We ordered a French Dip, a Geebee Burger, and the potato skins for takeout (back to the comfort in our worldmark condo timeshare). The lady, Diana, was super quick about everything and asked us if we needed anything yadda yadda yadda. She brought us out some water while we waited for our food. 

Our food was ready in about ten minutes which isn't so bad because you get to look at the totally cheesy yet lovable decor. 

Big warning about this place: there are no sidewalks to it and there is no crosswalk to it either. From the worldmark, you have to walk down the street then cross three crosswalks to form a uturn shape and then walk on the bike lane. Pretty lame. 

Totally worth it though. 

PS: even after walking all the way down the street, taking three crosswalks, and walking back down the street (in the rain)... our food was still blazing hot once we got back.Ǿ
The burgers are huge and ingredients are fresh.  The nice thick slices of tomato and hand-formed burger patties shows the restaurant isn't trying to cut corners.  Someone needs to clone the chef; this is what a "medium" pink burger should look like.  I haven't had burger cooked that perfectly in years.  The onion rings are better than most, the Quesadilla with all the side ingredients was very cool and the potato wings were huge and perfect.  I wish I could have tried the spicy chicken wings, but no one at the table was looking for the adventure.  However, the basic wing sauce is delicious.  Go for happy hour...four people drinking with three appetizers got out of there for less than $40.Ǿ
Kind of an odd spot, but there's a lot of "interesting" people who go in their late night.Ǿ
So, I'm not saying that GeeBee's needs its own special trip but I would stop in again if I found myself on that side of the strip. Why you would find yourself a few miles south of Luxor I have no idea but keep GeeBee's in mind... 

We found ourselves in the parking lot of GeeBee's  looking for a late dinner. We had made our way away from the strip casinos and were left with very few options...  BeeGee's is open 24/7 and has a full bar and an airplane motif - sold.

The dinning room was empty but we did see a few people at the bar. This place is clearly for the locals as the cab ride would be a bit much from the Strip.

Ribs. Yes, two of us tried the ribs and they really were pretty solid. Not the best I ever had but very good considering we were in a place that had a painting of dogs flying bi-planes. 

In the bar you will find table top shuffleboard which is not something I see very often. We played a few games and had a few drinks as some of the locals planted themselves down in a few couches... Soon after we were on our way out. I've always wondered about these odd video poker/ bar / restaurants and I have to say that I was pleasantly surprised...Ǿ
We agree with with all the reviews we read.  This is a really nice bar grill with great food, large portions and great service for a reasonable price.Ǿ
Terrible late night happy hour. Food sucked pricesǾ
GeeBee's breakfast sangwich is to die for. Breakfast Potatoes are awesome. Service is great, never too crowded, flys under the radar. Check it out, you won't be disappointed!Ǿ
Great place! Total dive bar. Pricing is really good, everything on the menu is so good. Breakfast is amazing! Huge portions, omlettes are my favorite. I come here a lot for Sunday breakfast, before we head out to watch the Riader's. 

If you take care of the bartender you get some really stiff drinks! They are not afraid to pour a lot extra! haha. 

The only bad thing is that their TV's suck! 1994 called, they want their tv's back! Please update your tv's so I can stay and watch sports!Ǿ
This place is really really good!!! Our first time trying this place. I was hesitant at first because the outside look like an abandoned building I wouldn't walk into. As soon as we opened the door the smell of smoke smacks your right in the face. The food was great the prices were great and great service I will be eating here again.Ǿ
Was doing some Christmas Shopping with my Son and decided to stop by this joint based on the great reviews we saw on Yelp.  I've passed this place at least 100x and have never stopped to give it a try.  I'm glad I did.

Between the two of us, we ordered Wings w/Med Sauce ($10), Sliders w/Fries ($10), and Momma's BBQ Bacon Cheeseburger w/half Fries & half Onion Rings($10).  Our server Joanna, who was very nice, helped us select these items.  First up was the Wings.  They were pretty good.  Joanna recommended getting the Med Sauce for the flavor but having the Hot Sauce on the side for the heat.....it worked!  It was very good.

My Son had the BBQ Bacon Cheeseburger and it was huge!  He said he enjoyed it.  I tried some of his Onion Rings....they were thick, crunchy, Beer-battered, and soooo good!  The Onions had a nice sweet flavor to them that went well with the Beer-batter crust....pure awesome!

My Sliders were pretty good....I wouldn't say they were great, but good.  They were slightly overcooked....well done.  I think the cook took them off the grill Med-Well and then it got Well-Done between the kitchen and the table.  They had good flavor though and the Bread was really good...the best part of the dish.

Overall, we had a great lunch and Joanna was especially helpful.  She has a great personality and made us feel welcome and special.

Will we return?  We spotted a few other items on the menu we want to try, so next time we're in the area, we plan to come back.Ǿ
The front might not be as appealing for some, but once you step inside it more than makes up for it. The interior has an aviation motif with large airplanes hanging down from the cEiling. 

Once we sat down, Brandy was quick to greet us and take our drink order. They have a special going 24/7 for $1 PBR. Pabst might not be the finest beer around, but a dollar is nothing to complain about. Maybe it was the price, or the fact that they serve an ice cold draft in an ice cold pint that makes it that much more enjoyable. 

When she came back, my friend and I split the Bonnie's BBQ Burger ($7.99) and a Patty Melt ($7.99). The burger was fan-freakin-tastic. A half pound of juicy beef patty cooked to a perfect medium rare stacked with four large onion rings, BBQ sauce, lettuce, tomatoes, pickles, and three strips of crispy bacon. With the sandwiches you get a choice of fries, onion rings, rice pilaf, potato salad, or some other items. It is ridiculous the variety of sides offered. There is definitely something for everyone. The Patty Melt is served on marbled rye and was good. After biting into the burger, it paled in comparison. We would have been happy with a burger each. I got an order of onion rings with it and they were well seasons, crispy and everything an onion ring should be. It is difficult to find good onion rings because they can be overcooked, doughy, or absorb all the oil. These are the best I have had in a while.

Sometimes, I just crave a good burger and some fried goodness. I would be willing to come here again. Especially since they have shuffleboard. Shuffleboard+Cheap Booze+Food=  An Epic NightǾ
Good food and great service. Happy hour prices are half off drinks and appetizers. Not a bad place. Nothing fancy but good.Ǿ
The food was OK and ther service nice but I didn't see anything special. It was raining outside and the roof was leaking... I don't see this as anything but a local watering holeǾ
We had a Blast in Vegas due to Geebees...our bartender Damion was the best!!!!!!! The food was good and fresh...for it to be bar food.Ǿ
This place was awesome, we went memorial day weekend twice. Its more of a dive bar. We stayed down the street at one of the hotels and this place was convenient because its open 24 hours. Not only that the food was good. We went at like midnight and drank until 4am laughing and playing music on the music player. Loved that we went in out yoga pants and flip flops and didn't spend a ton of money. Would defiantly go back when I visit Vegas again.Ǿ
Not located on "the strip" but this place is worth the trip. The atmosphere is kind of nifty with cute paintings on all the wall and the waitresses are true characters. They look like 50 year old former show girls. I love it.

The food here is cheap, hot, and SLAP YO MAMA good!! I mean, it's like it's Denny's type food only, um, GOOD!! I ate here twice and remember my breakfast burrito and my mouth waters remembering it... and still remember it to this day. Forget all the glitz and glam of Vegas and just stay here your whole trip. You won't be disappointed. I can't wait to go back to LV just to hit up Geebees! 

**It's also my understanding they deliver within a reasonable area but not sure if they still do it**Ǿ
What a pile of shit this place is stay away at all cost!

I really tried to give them the benefit of the doubt but I put $100 in ordered a beer and was billed $5 really? Then a guy walks in and puts $5 in and gets a free beer. Wtf ?

Never again

This place smells bad, mildew carpet and the locals well lets just say not super friendly

I will continue to search for a cool hangoutǾ
Best breakfast sammy in Vegas.  The service is great, the staff is friendly and there is a nice split between the bar area and the dining room.

Small complaints: They have a shuffleboard game (YES) but they don't have any sawdust on it (Noooo) and it has a nifty tilt to it (Noooooo!).  Aw well, we still had fun playing on the salt covered table, sipping cocktails and enjoying the best breakfast sandwich (awesome potatoes too!!!).

I've had a couple other items here as well, but I keep coming back to that damn breakfast sandwich...Ǿ
i decided to give this bar a chance since is just across the street from the hotel and i had great experience!  food is amazing and very cheap, great bar, people are local and very friendly, if you are in vegas you should definitely stop by!