Great service at this nice little neighborhood french bistro.  The owner hails from the Brittany Region of France and the cuisine and wine are done in the style from that region using very fresh locally sourced ingredients (they list all the farms which they source from in the menu).

I opted for the choose-your-own method, and had a wonderful dinner of:

1.  Codfish emulsion with potato chip and ham
2.  Goat cheese with Chorizo, lobster gelee,lobster sauce, and mixed vegetables
3.  Halibut with blood sausage, beets, puree of apple and celery, and apple cider reduction.
4.  Piglet chop with pasta carbonara and pork loin, Bacon and chives.  This course was really the WOW factor, essentially taking uncut spaghetti and rolling it up into a tube, standing it vertically, putting the pork loin in the tube and then topping off with carbonara.  I posted a photo so you can see what I mean, I've never had pasta presented this way.
5.  Bleu Cheese with pear soaked in red wine, and gingerbread
6.  Sticky cake, salted caramel, and caramel ice cream
7.  Mignardises: Chocolate and sausage, salt caramel macaroon, mint marshmallow

The only reason I give it less than 5 stars is because some of the dishes just felt like the flavors weren't balanced properly.  Also, while the wine they stock is delicious, there are very few options and as such there is no wine pairing option.  A meal this wonderful really needs to have the range of wine that you might find across town at Xo.  Solid 4 stars though.笑
Fière d'être le premier commentaire en français - encore plus de donner 5 étoiles à cet endroit fabuleux !

Je tiens à préciser que La Porte a réussi à s'inscrire dans mon top 5 des meilleurs restaurants au monde - bon, disons plutôt une partie de l'Europe, de l'Australie et du Québec, mais c'est déjà pas mal non ?

Pour ma fête, nous avons feuilleté le guide Mixeur des restaurants créatifs de Montréal. Et la description nous a vraiment botté ! Montréal ne manque pas de restaurants, ni de restaurants français, mais on ressort souvent un brin frustrés par le rapport qualité-prix, les quantités ou encore le contenu un peu trop ''banal''. Autant vous dire que la barre était très haute !

Imaginez déjà un restaurant intimiste et calme, sur l'avenue St Laurent. Impossible me direz-vous ? Et bien La Porte l'a fait !

A la carte, des classiques français (et Breton) revisités avec une pointe de folie et de nouveauté. C'est très beau dans l'assiette, tellement qu'on est presque triste de chambouler ce beau tableau. En bouche, c'est une explosion de saveurs inhabituelles et exquises. La carte des vins vous permettra quelques classiques évident de France (les Bourgogne !) enfin le service est parfait : disponible, explicatif et chaleureux.

Et surtout, surtout, on ne repart pas sans avoir essayé le dessert, le fameux Kouign Amann. Un délice. Une folie. Un pécher de gourmandise.

Je recommande donc fortement cet endroit et lui attribue avec plaisir ces 5 étoiles bien méritées !笑
It has been a while since I've been to a nice upscale french resto, so naturally I found this place to try out.

The reviews were generally nice for this place, but they tend to be influenced heavily on service and ambiance. I wanted to stress especially for this review that my review does not take service and ambiance into question. That being said, the place is nice and relaxed, service is excellent. There is no line on the wine glass, and they fill your wine generously. all this easily gives them one more star ;)

We ordered ravioli and ris de veau, mains were saumon, and porcelet. Desserts were financier and kouign-amann. We took the plaisir menu, which also came with an amuse bouche, and mignardise, which were really nice touches.

The salmon is cooked at low temperature, and it is soft in texture, not to my personal liking but nothing wrong with it, there was a hint of orange in it which was nice. It is served at room temperature.

The porcelet is cooked crispy, over a bed of chopped bok choy. The combination is weird to me, there is barely any sauce and bok choy is bland so that didn't really work for me. The porcelet was cooked very well it had perfect texture, crispy skin and tender meat, but the sides didn't enhace it.

The dessert and appetizers were average, not bad but nothing exceptional. Although I have no complaints, it seems they just fall short of great everywhere. It's good just not a standout food wise.

We had a nice long dinner and the place has a real nice laid back feel to it.笑
It is difficult to assign stars to this restaurant because it is uneven.  In many ways it should have four or five stars -- for the ambiance and service and noise level and much of the food -- but some of the food did not measure up.
I went to Restaurant La Porte with four other people on the recommendation of a friend and based on good reviews.  Four of us had never been there before, and one realized when she went inside that she had been there but not at all recently, and she thinks it has changed since then.
The restaurant is very pleasant, not too upscale but just enough so that it's worth dressing up and it feels like a special outing.  We were all pleased that it was not too noisy, although the restaurant was full.  The waitstaff was attentive without being obtrusive, and they were helpful when we had questions.  This is a French restaurant, so I was faced with my usual problem of finding very little for me on the menu, but they were accommodating in tailoring some dishes for vegetarian consumption.  
The menu is set up in an unusual fashion, and the waiter explained it to us as soon as he passed around our menus.  On one page there are listings under "devant la porte", consisting of starters, and "derriere la porte" consisting of main dishes.  In addition there are three types of "menu" that differ in price ($60, $80 or $100) depending upon how many dishes you want included.  If I understood correctly, the most expensive one had to be ordered by the whole table, but I am not sure about that.  Among the five of us, one person ordered one of the "menus", so he had a starter, main dish, dessert and additional dishes including a sampling of little desserts ("mignardises") at the end. The rest of us ordered a starter, main dish and dessert. 
 As a vegetarian I had two choices of starter: either a gazpacho with some alterations to remove animal content, or a salad. One of my companions and  I opted for the gazpacho, which was made with melon.  It was slightly sweet but good.  One of our party ordered the terrine de foie gras and pronounced it very good.  Another had a dish of two types of fish that was also very good.  Three of us chose the same main dish: risotto.  Our server told us it would have a soft-cooked egg on top and we all begged off having the egg, plus I asked that the meat content be removed from mine.  We were all happy with our risotto.  The person who had ordered the $60 menu opted for a beef main dish, and he did not say anything about the beef specifically, but he did comment that his menu overall was excellent and a great choice.  Last, one of our party ordered the fish of the day, which in this case was halibut, and he found it clearly substandard -- dried out and uninteresting.  Strike one.  
For dessert two people shared an interesting chocolate dessert "with smoky paprika" and avocado ice cream.  The chocolate was delicious, but the ice cream was just green ice cream.  Two of us opted for the Kouign-Amann, which I believe the server said was a specialty of the restaurant and which is a delicacy that I have savored in the past, many, many years ago. This dessert was disappointing.  It was drowned in a copious and sticky caramel sauce, that was supposed to be salty but was not noticeably so, and it was accompanied by a "buttermilk" ice cream that was half melted and unappetizing.  For me, this dessert was a sad ending to an otherwise good meal.  The other person who ordered the Kouign-Amann also found it to be the flaw in his meal; he described it as "heavy but tasty".  Strike two.
Just to be complete, we did start with drinks, which were good, and we had a very good wine with dinner.
Overall, this experience was uneven, but the good parts of it -- which were many -- are sufficient to make me willing to go again some time.  Certainly the ambiance and the friendly waitstaff are very inviting and make one want to go back.笑
Excellent meal. Food well prepared and beautifully presented. Service very professional. Attractive chic restaurant. Great place to have a seat by the window and people watch. Highly recommend this place.笑
Excellent food and atmosphere. It's clear they care a lot about the food they're servinfg - the waiter took the time to explain each dish as he presented it to each guest. It felt like a family restaurant as well so it felt like they cared more than the average restaurant about the customer experience and were so proud of every dish. I would highly recommend trying La Porte. We went during one of the busiest weekends of the year in Montreal - the Grand Prix. A group of 8 of us went, and everyone agreed we have to go back next year.笑
Après quelques tentatives de réservation infructueuses,ai fini par y manger dans le contexte d'un repas de groupe.le noir des murs et du plafond avec des spots de Lumière m'ont fait penser au restaurant bernard's dans l'hôtel biltmore à LA.il y a tellement longtemps.....déjà.
Le chef est autodidacte(on craint toujours l'artisan du macramé)mais dans ce cas tout fonctionne bien:cuissons parfaites,sauces réussies,associations surprenantes qui marchent.service précis et professionnel.prix à la hauteur de la réputation et de la qualité.