They took over 2 hours to deliver after saying they were on their way every time they were called..  The food was cold and the pizza tasted like cardboard. On top of it all they had the nerve to charge a delivery fee...   really?   They were rude.  And didn't bother to help or try to remedy the problem.  They are a horrible business and I wouldn't every suggest anyone to patronize it ever.  Their Managers are the worst.  Excuses after excuses.  How they remain in business is a miracle.Ǿ
I truly wish I could give this place one star. I have never dealt with such shady, unprofessional people. We were in town for the Life is Beautiful festival and invited my cousin who lived in Henderson to our timeshare to swim. Someone had put this flyer under our door so she decided to order from there. I wish we would have seen the reviews first.

She called and was told that it would be 35 minutes for the food. It took them nearly 2 hours to deliver the food. She called them twice and they kept insisting that it was on its way. She told them she was worried it was going to be cold, but they assured her it would be hot. The food gets there of course cold is barely edible. Last minute they decided to tell her there is a $4 delivery charge for the food after she already ordered it. You would think they would have the decency to waive it after taking so long, right? The fries were frozen, the wings were disgusting, and the pizza tasted like cardboard. To top it off they were waiting to go to the pool which closed at 10 pm and only got to swim for 30 minutes since these jerks took so long to deliver the food.

I felt bad for my little 17 year old cousin who doesn't have a lot of money to spend so I offered to call the place and speak with the manager about what happened when I got home from the festival. This guy was such an asshole to me on the phone. He claims he was the "cook" and was the only person there and there was no one I could talk to besides him. I was told to call back at 4pm the next day and ask for Diana. I call Sunday at 4pm like instructed and this cook answers again and tells me Diana was gone as she came in at 11 am that day. Useless and so rude to me again I hung up on him. 

I called today, my third attempt to reach the mysterious Diana and was unsuccessful again. This time someone answered that seemed like he was more willing to help me named Manny. I explained what happened and how I was now back in California after trying to call twice to resolve this and he refused to do anything without talking to my cousin. I call him back with my cousin on three way explaining I want to be on the call with her since she is a minor and he gives me such a hard time. He commented "why can't she make her own decisions", maybe I just want to make sure you don't screw her over like you already have buddy. Finally after arguing back and forth about it he talks to her and my cousin explains what happened. He is constantly combative and has an excuse for anything she says. He is so rude to her and asks why she even ate the food. She didn't have much of a choice after being so hungry, having no other food at the timeshare to eat, and having no transportation. He tried to offer more nasty food but my cousin explained she just wanted a partial refund. Then Manny says that her credit card has mysteriously been closed and that it's because of her bank that they cannot issue any sort of credit. The call drops and I call back two more times and "mysteriously" no one answers. 

I don't know how these people are still in business. BEWARE!! You are better off eating out of the dumpster then ordering from these savages.Ǿ
Ordered via Eat24 app, about 20min after I placed the order I received a call from the Eat24 staff apologetically explaining that the restaurant wanted to double its delivery charge because it was a long (8ish miles) drive... I'm within what they had marked as their delivery area but I figured it wasn't a big deal and maybe they made a mistake with their map, whatever, no big deal but they should have covered it and fixed whatever issue they were having in my opinion-

So the food arrives...

The chicken fingers were ordered plain with bbq sauce on the side, they came drenched in sauce, the chicken was of good quality otherwise but the fries that were part of the order were soggy, cold, and undercooked.

The side order of 'spicy fries' were also cold, soggy, and undercooked as well as being absolutely CAKED with chili powder that was bland and not spicy in the least, they were essentially inedible.

Our order of (6) mozzarella sticks consisted of five (5) mozzarella sticks, they were of average quality but one was mysteriously soggy so we were left with (4) mozzarella sticks...

Any one of these I would chalk up to a mistake, it happens, I understand that. All together though, I recommend you stay away, these guys are about as unprofessional as is possible which is really saying something in VegasǾ
Took an hour and a half for a small pizza and a simple order of mozerella sticks. They apparently ran out of mozzarella sticks and decided not to contact me and instead just told me when they showed up that they would be taking it off my order, real glad I ordered cash! The pizza was not fresh and not hot, lukewarm at best and frankly a bit lack luster in taste. Their delivery driver was nice and apologetic about the lack of mozzarella sticks but I would have liked to have been called instead so I could have substituted it for something else. Granted a lot of this could have been because I ordered at 1am on a Saturday but all in all not super impressed.Ǿ
Wow. What to say? Ordered carne asada nachos and apparently that means ground beef with about 1 tablespoon of nacho cheese and burnt chips. Called and they were going send a new order. Over an hour later and no food. Called to see what's up. Driver is five minutes out supposedly. Here's some pictures to keep you occupied.Ǿ
Ordered via GrubHub. The lasagna was OK. The chicken noodle soup was the most ridiculously salty thing I've ever eaten. They didn't bring the 2 liter of Sprite. I called and they said they'd let GrubHub know to remove it from the charges. They didn't. Cheap food, cheap quality, cheap service. No thanks.Ǿ
Ordered for delivery. Didn't order much. Pizza,salads and some mozzarella sticks. They said it would take an hour. 2 hours later we still don't have our food and end up going to pick some fast food up. Horrible service. Called and even verified the delivery and said they were on their way and we still waited 30 minutes and they didn't show up. I don't recommend this place if you are visiting and wanting delivery unless you like to wait 2+hours and probably receive cold food.