Delicious food with incredibly slow service. The other reviews were so good, I hope we were just there on an off night. It was a Saturday, for what it's worth.

So, yes, the food was pretty darn good. I might even give it five stars if I had received what I actually wanted to eat (more on that later). Deliciously smoky beef, tender chicken, al dente pasta in saffron sauce, perfectly cooked buttery rice, lightly crispy french fries. (French fries? Yeah, I wasn't expecting that either, but it works.) 

However. The service was about as bad as it gets without being actually rude. Five minutes to be even acknowledged, 10 to get water, another 10 to order, 30 waiting for food.... But slow was not even the worst of it.

After that 30 minute wait, my husband's meal arrived, but there was no word on mine. A few minutes later, my food could be seen sitting on the counter ignored by the waiter - as it turns out, because it was beef instead of the chicken I had ordered. When he figured that out, he brought the dish saying he could serve me this one or have the kitchen make what I had ordered. Picturing another 1/2 hour wait, I took the beef. It was, of course, luke warm. And rare. Which, sure, lots of people eat, but not my thing. 

For the mix-up, we got a sincere apology and a free dessert. However, at no time did the waiter ever acknowledge or apologize for the extremely slow service throughout, leading me to conclude that it is the norm at Surco. All in all, it was about two hours....and not because we lingered.

What can I say? Go for the great food, but make sure you have plenty of time on your hands.笑
Excellent food...made while you are here. Yucca root fries were fabulous. A little pricey but worth. Nice east side gem that is off the beaten path.笑
I traveled a long distance to sample some Peruvian food. Only to find they did not have  the classic Peruvian dish ceviche. My wife who is from Peru overheard the staff tells another person in Spanish, "don't let them drink the Che cha". Brings question what is wrong with it? Not very encouraging as far quality. We left without ordering and went to Inka heritage had great peruvian meal.笑
We've been meaning to try this place, and finally went last night for dinner.  
After staring at the menu for about 20 minutes, and our server walking us thru it and explaining the most popular dishes, I finally looked at my husband and said "We will restrict ourselves to the sandwich portion of the menu for tonight", thinking that would help us choose.  Another 15 or so minutes later, we finally made our choices.  My goodness, EVERYTHING on that menu sounds delicious!
Hubby ordered the Pan con Chicharrón, and I ordered the Pollo.  He got Yucca fries, I got Plantain fries.  OMG.  Those were the best damn sammies I've ever tasted!  And, the "fries" absolutely rocked.  The fries were served with this Jalapeno sauce for dipping.  Fab!  Sammies STUFFED with meat and other goodness.  I could only eat half of mine.  Hubby finished his.
We WILL return to try something else!!笑
Fantastic food, and attentive, knowledgeable service. Everything eaten, was prepared with refined simplicity, and executed professionally. Don't let the casual appearance outside, fool you. This restaurant excels in quality and flavor. My one complaint, which is minimal, is that there isn't a bar with seating.笑
5 stars for food. The food is excellent and the menu is diverse. We had causitas, which were interesting and delicious but defy explanation. Try them!! We also had pollo saltado and the chicken sandwich, which both used high quality ingredients and were presented beautifully. Seriously, the presentation at this place rivals the most upscale restaurant in any city. Obviously, there is a true chef in the kitchen who takes real pride in the food being served. It is amazing. 

3.5 stars for service, which is friendly but slow. 

2 stars for location, which is out of the way and not the most attractive area.  The view across the street is certainly not what I expect from a restaurant serving food this fine.

This place is worth the trip for the food, which it truly exceptional.  Though not served in the most pleasing of surroundings, the food manages to outshine many of the finer dining options in all of Madison.笑
For my first visit, I went for lunch. I ordered the stir fry fettucini-not sure just how peruvian that combination is, however-I loved the flavors, and the elegance of the dish. Well balanced with just the right ingredients to make an excellent meal. Loved the warm bread and the 3 different butters (not an olive fan, but loved the black olive butter-oh man!)
Now I would plan to return for dinner definitely and will bring friends, but am taking one star away, I just can't see spending $23 (w/tip) for a lunch. It was satisfying, but could have been more in the $10-$12 range for lunch, then full price for a dinner.
None the less-I will return to try other selections from the menu and am sure they will not disappoint! Excellent food! Looking forward to trying the lamb!笑
I am pleasantly surprised! 

After travelling to Peru a few years ago, I realize that Peruvian food is definitely an under-appreciated cuisine in America's food world. Therefore, since Surco's first appearance as a food cart in the library mall, I have been a fan. Yet, it took me a long time to decide to give its restaurant location a try. The location is really out of the way for us, plus many reviews mentioned its not-so-cheap prices. 

Our visit came in a rainy Saturday evening. The location could really easy fool you, but the inside decor is really elegant. Our waiter was very polite and professional. He explained the menu very patiently and clearly. 

Surco is a fine dining Peruvian restaurant and the price is indeed a bit steep. We two people share a Arroz con Mariscos and a Causa salad. The service was slow, especially there were only three tables of people in the restaurant. We waited 20+ minutes. Our server explained that it was because one of our dishes did not pas quality check and had to be re-done. 

Apparently the quality check kept good quality! Both plates lived beyond our expectation. The  Arroz con Mariscos came with good size. Seafood is fresh. More importantly, they are very delicate. I can taste the subtle intricacies the chef carefully put onto our dishes. 

Because of the location, I do not expect that i will come back here soon, but I highly recommend Surco to people who want to savor fine Peruvian food in Madison.笑
Okay, before complaining, let me start by saying that the food here is still fabulous.

However, there have to be some serious issues going on with management. Every time I come to Surco, there is a different waitstaff. And the last time I went (about a month ago), the service was terrible. The food took way way way too long and there were only three tables full in the restaurant. The server was super awkward (I felt bad for the fella). It may have been his first night waiting tables ever. Our entire party of 4 was very hungry and we had to wait about 45 minutes for any food to come out. Even stranger, we ordered 2 plates of ceviche, and they came out last. You'd think that if you were making your customers wait ~45 minutes for an appetizer, you might just wanna serve them their ceviche first. It's cured fish. It's been curing for like... at least 24 hours, so it's not like it takes much time to prep. But no. We waited, got our causitas (tasted amazing), and then got our entrees. By the time everyone was full from their entrees, our ceviche still hadn't come out. So I approached the waiter and asked to cancel one of our ceviche orders. I realize it's kind of a bitch move to do, but we had already been at the restaurant for almost two hours. Everyone was full and still kind of cranky from having to wait so long. So at this point, we all kind of wanted to go home. More importantly, if I'm canceling an order of something, what I'm really saying is "I don't want to pay for this." But apparently it was too late to cancel, so we got and paid for the two orders of ceviche.

TLDR; four stars for food. one star for service. but I have to give a two star rating overall because the service was THAT bad. get your shit together, Surco, because you have the potential to be something great. get some waiters who know what they're doing and actually know how to speak to people without shaking from nervousness. also, make sure they know how to pour the effing water. and play music in your restaurant so your customers have something to do while they're waiting an hour for appetizers. kthx bye!笑
I live in the neighborhood so am thrilled to have this restaurant finally open.  I was amazed at the quality of the food, friendliness of staff and nice atmosphere.    I too wish I could remember all the dishes we had.  We had several appetizers that were beautiful and delicious.  The Cerviche Classico was superb and fresh.   I will go there frequently and hope others search this place out.  It would be worth the drive as I agree the location isn't the best for most.   Make the trip you won't regret it.  I also feel the food was worth the price and you can bring in your own wine for only a three dollar corking fee.  We did that and had  more than enough food for four people and left with a bill under sixty dollars for four people.   No complaints!笑
I used to buy food from these guys when they had a food cart outside of the library mall and I loved everything I tried there.

Different story at their restaurant, it is a very small place with a nice simple decoration, when we got there there were two couples seated there. Our server came right away and she was friendly, she was accompanied by a guy whom she was training, we asked for chicha morada (a traditional purple corn drink from Peru) and they were out of it, we also asked for Inca Cola and didn't have it either so my hubby asked for a beer (it took her 8 minutes to bring it). After maybe 10-15 min she brought some yucca fries and they were nice and crunchy with the right amount of salt, there was a wonderful cilantro sauce on the side, I loved the jalapeño flavor without being too spicy. Once she came back to take our order, my hubby asked her about how the pork was cooked in their pan con chicharron sandwich and obviously she didn't know exactly how it was done, she just said "I think they fry it and then put it in the oven", oh well, my hubby ordered it anyway and I ordered the pollo saltado. 

We waited 45 minutes for our food, no kidding, I know they make their food fresh but it is too much. I thought "I really hope it is worth it" and to be honest, it wasn't, my chicken was overcooked and it had some kind of glaze that it tasted like a Chinese stir fry, wow, am I in the right restaurant?? It came with white rice and fries (there were like 8 fries) and those two were nice. My hubby said his sandwich was nice, I had a small piece and it was ok, I was not convinced, he could have whatever has the word "pork"on it.  

I don't know if wasn't our lucky day or if they are usually that slow at serving food and run out of things. We drove 20 minutes to try this restaurant and I don't think we will come back anytime soon.笑
Please don't let the location fool you, this place rocks.

We were here on a Saturday night and I felt terrible for the server. Apparently a cook quit and he was making every third meal!!! (He said this after we asked... he was not in any way trying to make excuses for himself.)

The wine list is small, but each of our wines were amazing. (I went with Novellum Chardonnay and he went with the Portillo Pinot. I'm not usually a white wine drinker but I had three glasses.)

We started with the causitas. We were hesitant, but went with them. For starters they are BEAUTIFUL. Three separate egg looking shapes of citirus infused mashed potatoes topped with different toppings and sauces. A bit difficult to share but we sliced them in half and tried them together. Save the one topped with avocado, roasted 
Peruvian piquillo peppers and olive sauce... it's the best one. :)

I ordered the ceviche mixto and cannot wait to get it again. I paired it with the aji 
amarillo per the servers suggestion and I owe him a huge thank you. The fish was perfectly "cooked". The aji ammarillo sauce was a bit too acidic for my counterpart which meant more for me... score. It's served with boiled and steamed perunivan corn which is on the sweeter side as well as some crunchy Andean corn nuts to give the dish some crunch. And finally, a couple of small wedges of sweet potato to really take some of the acid out. All together, you a light, flavorful dish. I WILL BE BACK.

My significant other went with with the Tallarin Saltado... which was decent. I'd recommend it for the less adventurous. (AKA those who are leery of fish cooked in citric acid.)

I really hope they staff this place better next time... and that they stick around! I don't know if I'll be ok without that ceviche again.笑
I am a lover of ethnic food so I actually have been here twice. The first time it was ok nothing to write home about slightly pricey. The food did come a little late considering we were the only costumes in the whole place. 

The second trip there was a table of 6 that had just ordered. Not a huge deal but the waiter did not understand the menu and they were out of several ingredients. The huge deal was we were a party of 6 and it seriously took 2 hrs 30 min from the time we placed our order to get our food! My newly turned 2 year old somehow was an angel with his mini trains and coloring book not sure how we lived through that. Will not return.笑
This is a tough one. I live in the neighborhood and I love Peruvian food and this food was as good as I've had. I had the chicken sandwich with tacu tacu and it was awesome. The chicken was perfect: super moist and perfectly seasoned. The whole sandwich was sort of a piece of art. It's clear that whoever is in the kitchen takes pride in their work and has the chops of a chef and not a line cook. The interior was also very comfortable and a huge upgrade from the previous business.

All that being said, I was in complete disbelief at the pricing. I won't say that the food wasn't worth it, but in this neighborhood, at that location, in this town, I don't see this working. My chicken sandwich was just about the least expensive item on the menu at $13. Most of the entrees were $16-25 and I think dessert (also amazing) was $8 or $9. I had my two sons along and they actually had two items available in a children's section. They both got the salchipapas (hot dog and fries) for $8. To be fair, they did serve a really nice squash soup to each of us included with our entrees.

I'm not sure who's behind the business side of the restaurant, but I have a feeling they have some restaurant experience in a big city. They seem a little out of touch with the Madison scene. Most places with really good food have sandwiches available in the $8-10 range with entrees in the $9-13 range. You really need to venture downtown to start pushing these kind of prices and you need to have a location that isn't a rundown, nondescript, white house.

I don't think there's any way this model is going to work at this location. Besides one couple at the end of our stay, we were the only diners between 5:45-6:45 on a Friday night. I do think a restaurant (and even a Peruvian restaurant) could be successful here, but it's going to need to be able to serve it's surrounding neighborhoods. The people around here just aren't gonna opt for these prices, regardless of the food quality. Bring your prices down to match what's available on Atwood and think about the lunch crowd too. Reasonably priced sandwiches to go would have a strong market at that location. I really want to support you guys and this should be a regular joint for my family of four, but at these prices, it ain't happenin'.笑
I dined with my husband on a Friday night.  The space is cozy, but we were seated right away.  The atmosphere reminds me of sitting in a good friend's dining room, with subdued lighting, tasteful music, and a very enticing aroma wafting gently from the kitchen.

The best dish we ate was one of the seafood specialties -I can't remember the name.  It was shrimp, squid, clam, mussel, and octopus in a heap of saffron rice.  The flavor was well-balanced, and so good I did not want to disrupt the experience to take a bite if my husband's meal.  He polished off my dish when I got full.  

Dessert was interesting - a soft caramel in a cocktail glass.  I think I tasted cinnamon.  This was topped with a sticky fluff of whipped sugar that was slightly browned .  The topping tasted just like a toasted marshmallow!笑
My wife is from Peru and we met there when I lived there for two years. We are always scoping out Peruvian restaurants in Madison and Chicago. This is the best we have found. The ceviche was great and not too acidic like some. The jalea or chicharron  was also outstanding. The chef, Wilfredo, is great and kind. Portion sizes are a little small for the price but worth it.笑
So... Wine and beer is now available. It's limited to a few Argentinian varietals but the Malbec we had was excellent and paired beautifully with the lamb and the Lomo Saltado.

This place rocks! Don't hesitate, just go!笑
Absolutely incredible. We had a four person party, and every single dish was done perfectly and with presentation and pricing that was appropriate for the demographic. The Peruvian beer they have (Cusquena) paired well with all the dishes as well. If you're looking for a new place to try, give this place a shot. Let's hope this place survives in East Madison!笑
YUH-UH-UM!
Awesome Peruvian food tonight at an assuming east side locale. 
Don't drive by it though, there's delicious inside. 
Our server was spot on making awesome recommendations from start to finish, including an intriguing take on tiramisu made from lucuma fruit... a sweet complex fruit that's somewhere between pumpkin and sweet potato with a tinge of maple and cinnamon. GET THIS!笑
After watching this space for a year, I had given up on it opening. It was worth the wait.

The space has been extensively renovated from the Antojito's El Toril days. And the food is excellent.  

I had the Cuban sandwich, the spouse had the veggie. Both came with a cilantro sauce on the side. Both were delicious with a lot of different flavors going on. Our daughter had a steak and tomato dish that she really liked. The waitperson (very knowledgeable) explained that chicken nuggets were coming soon. I said, "The kid doesn't do chicken nuggets. She wants real food." So if you are looking for chicken nuggets for the kids, you may have to wait a bit. We split a custardy dessert that was fabulous to end the meal. 

I would have given five stars, but the menus at Surco did not have prices on them. To be fair, they are still waiting for those to be printed. We were handed color printouts of a menu and just figured we would be paying lunch prices, since we were there around noon on a Saturday. But when we got the bill, it was clear we were paying for dinner. This is what they plan on doing for Saturday business--a dinner menu all day. I'm not sure I agree with that, but that's where it is right now. Weekdays there will be a lunch menu, and I assume, a corresponding spike in affordability. 

The east side finally has a Peruvian restaurant. My only caveat is they are waiting on the real menu cards to be printed. Overall, I predict it will become a destination, even if the outside is still a little gritty. It's east side, after all.笑
I had been wanting to check this place out for awhile, and last night finally had the chance. What an odd experience it was.

The waiter was wonderfully awkward. He was nice and somewhat helpful, and I thought his weirdness was charming. I believe he was the only server there, and I could tell that he was trying his best. An awkward server is better than a rude one, of which I've had plenty. Good effort.

For a Wednesday night, it was dead. My friend and I were the only people in there around 7 pm. We almost didn't go in, because I always get nervous when a place is that vacant. Seriously, this place needs your patronage or it will close. Come on East-siders, give this place a chance!

The food was pretty good! I had the Seco de Cordero, which was delicious. Big hunks of well-cooked lamb in a thick gravy. The tacu tacu that sat on my plate was also very good, as was the red onion salsa. Just a really delicious plate of food. I'd order it again and again.

My friend had the Pollo Sandwich, and he enjoyed it. 

The prices are a bit of a concern. For the neighborhood, I'd say it's too expensive. The lamb stew that I ordered was $22, which is way more than I'm usually willing to pay for dinner. I think the sandwiches were around $12, which is also a little expensive. But it was well-made food and something different, so I have no regrets.

Oh, and that wait! I know that some others have complained about the long wait for food, and my experience was the same. We were the only two people in the restaurant, and it took about 35 minutes for our food to arrive! Now, I will give them credit for giving us some complimentary yucca sticks during our wait, but the wait was excessive.

Overall, I was pleased. It's a warm little hidden gem. It's clean and comfy, and really has potential. I fear that if more people don't stop going there, it will close. And that really would be a shame. Give it a try.笑
We've been meaning to check out Surco for several months, but finally made it this evening. My only regret is that it took us so long! Catch up with Surco soon, while you can still get seating easily. They are supposed to get a liquor license by the end of October - once they have a wine list, I predict it will be tough to get in here without reservations. 

This is a charming little place, with superb food, nice atmosphere and good (but not great) service. Peruvian food seems calculated to encourage excess; all those varied influences seem to tempt an undisciplined chef to go all hot and spicy, or salt/soy sauce crazy, but the dishes we had were balanced, complex, and full of flavor. Especially, nothing was slathered or drowned - the saucing was perfect.  

The entry is still the same weird layout from the previous restaurant, but the dining room itself is warm, clean and elegant. The only thing missing is some window treatment - the view of the parking lot is just not all that fine. Get seated away from the window, and the space is pleasant and inviting. 

My wife is not a dairy person, but the compound butters served with our bread course hit the spot for her! The small rolls might have had a little more crust, a little more tooth, but they were warm and tasty. 

One of THE signature dishes of Peru are anticuchos, beef hearts roasted on a skewer. We ordered them as an appetizer. The small cuts were perfect, firm but not chewy, and lightly coated with a fantastic sauce that includes, among other things, something called "black mint." Peruvian corn and a meaty slice of potato filled out a great introduction. The cilantro sauce, served in a chinese ceramic spoon, was almost a gilding for the lily. 

For dinner, we ordered the ceviche mixto and the lomo saltado. The ceviche, with fish, shrimp, squid and octopus, was served in a marinade with a strong but excellent balance of lime, salt, and heat. With peruvian corn and red onions, every bite was a different taste adventure. My wife thought the shrimp didn't work - I, on the other hand, was convinced that the marinade was just too rich for ordinary fish (whitefish? cod?) but perfect with shrimp. So she ate the fish, I ate the shrimp, and we shared the calamari and octopus. Happiness all the way around. Ceviche is great with a bland cracker, but there were no crackers to be had in the kitchen. Our waitress hustled up a couple more of those excellent rolls, warmed in the oven. 

The lomo saltado, called "al pisco", is grilled beef tenderloin, with sweet peppers and mild onions, all coated with an unctuous soy-sauce based glaze. (Again, sauced just perfectly.) This dish came with thick-cut french fries AND white rice. We would have asked for some sauce on the side, to mix with the rice, but after being a pain about the ceviche, I didn't want to be too pushy. But that rice could have used something, with all the competition on that plate; maybe a little saffron would be enough to bring it all into balance.

The one thing missing here is service on a caliber with the food. Our server was certainly friendly and efficient. But at fine-dining prices, I would have liked a bit more personality and polish. The clattering silver and casual attitude are close, but not quite up to par with the rest of the space.笑
The sign had been there for awhile, the owner told me weekly at the food cart they would be opening any day, but for a year we waited.  And totally worth it, got back from vacation and voila, Surco was open on Cottage Grove Rd, super close to the east side Y and Monona Drive, so easy access.  

Y-U-M!!  The menu is totally different from the cart, and so are the prices, BUT don't freak out, the prices while higher are totally fair for what you get, both in quantity or quality.  Well, unless you're one of those Wisconsin-slim folks who require two plates of food or bottomless fries with a meal to fill you up.  We shared a quinoa salad with two kinds of Lima beans, veggies and a wonderful and not overly sweet mango sauce, and the Cuban sandwich with plantains and a really great cilantro sauce.  We ordered takeout, but most people were eating in.  Nice crowd for a Saturday lunchtime, hope this means they're doing well.  

Get in your car, go eat there, they rock, and I love it when our loyal food cart owners open brick and mortar, so support them!笑
After reading positive reviews I dragged some friends with me out of the way to try Surco. Peruvian is my favorite cuisine so I was really excited.

The food was pretty good but I just can't get excited about this place. It was honestly a little bit sad. There was one other table there when we arrived and nobody else walked in the entire time. It was weirdly quiet. There was only one server/host/possibly the chef and dish washer because everything took FOREVER. Like an absurdly long amount of time. I feel bad saying this, it's almost like I'm criticizing the kid sitting alone in the lunchroom. 

I was excited to order one of the awesome looking ceviches on the menu. Unfortunately, they weren't serving ceviche that evening. Ceviche is probably the quintessential Peruvian dish, so I thought it was weird or at least weird that he didn't say anything as soon as he gave us our menus.

We did get a complimentary bowl of very tasty soup. My beef tenderloin dish, which is apparently Surco's specialty, was very good. However, it wasn't cheap. 

I hope Surco does something to improve the experience because I want to love it so badly! For now, I'll probably stick with Inka Heritage for my Peruvian fix.笑
We found Surco to be a great experience for our first time dining Peruvian. Our entrees were very satisfying. I had Pollo Saltado and my husband had something similar, but with beef tenderloin. The chefs work will not go unrecognized for us. The soup before the meal was fantastic too. The atmosphere was clean and calm, and the waiter was very knowledged about Peruvian decent. His recommendations about the menu were very helpful. We can't wait to come back again. Do not pass this place up!笑
Great food and nice ambience!  Don't judge a book by its cover, the outside of this place could use some work. But the food was great. Started off with complimentary yuca fries with jalapeño dipping sauce - delicious!  Maybe my favorite part of the meal. I ordered the Arroz con mariscos and it was yummy! Saffron rice with shrimp, squid, mussels & veggies. My husband got one of the ceviches and it was good too. Service was a little slow as there was only 1 waitress.  But the food was great so we'll definitely be back!笑
A bit overwhelming on my stomach. Yes, it's pretty good, but the amount of salt, rich flavoring (butter, cheese, spice), and amount of things fried were too heavy-duty for my simple veganized  digestive systems.
The service was a tad bit slow in my opinion. Although, out waitress was very friendly. My bf ordered a rice dish (Arroz con pescados) in which tiny sharp clam shells were scattered - not exactly what you want to bring into your mouth. At the end of out dinner, We politely suggested that they remove those shell pieces from the future plates.
I guess I had higher expectations based on other reviews. I appreciated the fresh ingredients, but kind of 'meh' overall.