Located off the lobby of the Marriott hotel, Savannah Red is a small restaurant (50 seats), brightly decorated, that has been dubbed the "boldest food in Charlotte" by the James Beard Foundation. 

I personally never got past the cute bar up front as it was Valentines Day weekend and we didn't have a reservation, but based on the special prix fixe menus that I saw, and the food coming out of the kitchen, it looked delicious! The menu is filled with southern treats with a modern twist. 

Staying at the small bar (6 upholstered chair stools, max) had it's own benefits. We got excellent service for a wide range of drinks and good conversation by the bartender, manager and server.. I loved that they were pouring champagne freely and the server, Tonya, was buoyant, personable and, as it turns out, a fellow Yelper! 

Next time I'm in Charlotte- you can bet I am going to eat here. I have to try out a menu that people described to me as amazing. If for no other reason than to be waited on by the amazing Tonya!笑
A hidden treasure hiding in plain sight!! if this wasn't located in the Marriott lobby people would be raving about  it. The creativity is only outdone by the delivery and flavor. Go if you want some of the best new south food, don't go if you are a snob who won't go to a restaurant in a  Marriott no matter how good it is!!笑
Lovely atmosphere, and creative dishes, located in the lobby of the Marriott. 

I was impressed by this restaurant, from the quiet setting with an uncrowded dining room to the casual friendliness of the waiters. And of course the beautiful and delicious food! The menu had a lot of options for a fancier place, and the dishes seemed to be quite unique - filet of elk, seafood, interesting complementing sauces and combinations. 

Two types of complimentary cornbread (sweet and additionally peach & bourbon served with sweet kudzu butter) - yum! We started off with an appetizer, the ahi tuna with white chocolate foam and microgreens. it was very tasty, and was a decent sized portion for sure! I also enjoyed the warm lobster salad which was truly a piece of art to look at (a little awkward to eat) and very tasty - the flavors of everything blended well, I wish there were more greens though. For my entree I ordered a special - Yellow Fin Tuna with a grain of some sort and asparagus - I had it cooked medium, and it was great. There was just enough seasoning, but not too much to over power. The grains were mild and complimented the tuna. I would order it again. The people with me had the elk filet and were very pleased with their choice. 

Of course we had dessert. I opted for a dish with strawberries and kiwis with a marscapone ice cream. It was light, and maybe a little too sweet - but summery and fruity. The ice cream was great. The others ordered the crispy creme makers mark bread pudding and could not stop raving about it - so I would say go for it if that's your thing. 

Overall, I would go back. The bill was around 70 bucks a person, the service was great, and the food was very good.

Note: their menu is out of date online笑
Not bad for a hotel restaurant! I was here during restaurant week when they had a fixed price three course menu. It was a good deal with excellent choices. The Savannah Red s'mores were killers!笑
for my first review i had to write about savannah red.

we've been eating at this restaurant for several years and absolutely adore the staff and food.  when we walk in, we just feel at home.  actually, we feel spoiled because we are treated like we walked a red carpet into the place.  we even joke about being vip's.  but that's how they treat everyone, and it is simply amazing.

the food is always delicious.  i'm not shocked that they received recognition from the james beard foundation.  if i see something on the menu i've never tried, i know savannah red is the best place to try that particular food because everything is amazing.  

and the wine list..........oh.my.  don't even look at it, just ask to try something good and they will guide you down a path of bliss!!!

in august, i was able to share my favorite restaurant with all of my friends because we had my 40th birthday there.  i haven't been able to decide what was better, the service or the food - the combination made it such an incredible night people are still talking about it months later.  

love the staff...
love the food...
love the wine...

thank you savannah red!!

ps-if you get on their email list, you will get notices of wine dinners...what a great deal!!!笑
Can't believe this gem of a restaurant is tucked inside of a Marriott hotel!  The amuse bouche tonight was a fried oyster with sunchoke foam.  Every fried oyster I've ever had until tonight has been tough to downright impossible to chew.  This was the most,  tender, juicy, and delicious bite ever - and the foam complemented it perfectly.  I only ordered the endive with candied bacon salad (could have eaten that ALL day) and the trio of appetizers (scallop (perfectly cooked and seasoned), lobster cobbler (rich), and crabcake with apple chutney but I still got to taste their palate cleansing cranberry frangelico sorbet.  I sat at the bar and had a wonderful discussion with Lisa and the server who brought my food explained every dish thoroughly.  I wish I could find more restaurants like this on my business trips, especially when I don't even have to leave the hotel.笑
I'm a bit embarrassed to admit that Savannah Red was actually an account of mine back when I used to sell wine, and I never actually knew what kind of food they served or what the inside of the restaurant even looked like. Since they were owned by the Marriott hotel that houses it, there wasn't much influence I could have over their wine list, and we already pretty much dominated it with some of our larger corporate profile wines. It's a shame really, because after dining there over the holidays I had a very good meal that would definitely warrant a second visit.

Although the hotel was a bustle with energy after a recently ended football game (Meineke Car Care Bowl, or whatever the hell it's called now), the restaurant itself was virtually dead for dinner service on a Saturday night. This did give me a better chance to take in the surroundings, and notice the ornate chandelier (http://www.flickr.com/photos/wedoitforlove/4385725507/), along with a beautiful but non-functioning water display, and plates and silverware which seemed entirely too old-fashioned Southern elegant than necessary, including captain's chairs which didn't quite mesh with the tables. On the plus side, a virtually empty dining room caused service to be very attentive, and the food came out without delay.

The chef decided to start out with an amuse bouche of crab stuffed pastry (http://www.flickr.com/photos/wedoitforlove/4386490332/) with a homemade remoulade sauce. It was interesting, because I honestly wasn't even expecting an amuse here, but it was a nice surprise. The remoulade was a bit weak (I tend to like a little more spice), but the crab was nice in texture and flavor. It didn't take me long after those 2 bites to dive right into the sweet cornbread biscuits, thanks to the very soft butter. The biscuits were delicious, and were it not for a huge food order coming, I could have easily downed a dozen right then.

The first real course of the night was a lobster "cobbler", prepared as an étouffée inside a phyllo tart (http://www.flickr.com/photos/wedoitforlove/4385726467/), with a side of saffron ice cream and topped with fresh chive. This was very close to my favorite dish of the night. The lobster flavor was fantastic, and although the saffron ice cream seemed strange at this point in the meal it really paired well with the strong flavors of the main component. The phyllo was perfectly flaky and taken as a whole bite just melts in your mouth. The next starter, braised beef short ribs served over gingerbread cookies (http://www.flickr.com/photos/wedoitforlove/4386491172/) was a little more disappointing, but still decent. The sweetness of the cookies was too much, and didn't mix well with the soy in the beef glaze, but at least the meat was extremely tender.

The soup course was next, and both options were frankly somewhat forgettable. The butternut squash soup (http://www.flickr.com/photos/wedoitforlove/4386491456/) was a bit bland, as it can often be, but usually chefs will do something the kick a little flavor in. Not so much here. But perhaps the biggest let down of the night was the pork belly stew (http://www.flickr.com/photos/wedoitforlove/4385727231/), which I had very high hopes for. It all became sort of a runny tomato mess, and the texture on the pork belly was very odd and somehow tough...almost like it had been in a freezer too long.

After an intermezzo of chilled citrus sorbet, which acted as a wonderful palate cleanser, the main courses got them back on the road to redemption, both delivering solid flavors. The Scottish salmon (http://www.flickr.com/photos/wedoitforlove/4385727849/) was a very large portion, and cooked perfectly, flaking apart very nicely. The one downside was a general lack of seasoning in the dish, but at least the fish seemed pretty fresh so those flavors were enough to carry it as a whole. The duo of duck (http://www.flickr.com/photos/wedoitforlove/4385727613/), while looking a bit sloppy, was easily the best dish of the night, and something worth returning to Savannah Red to taste again. The breast portion was seared nicely, and very juicy, and the sauce on top really helped bring out the flavors of the meat as well as adding a hint of sweetness. The confit part was huge, as I would prefer it to be, and just fell apart under the fork, a really well cooked piece of meat.

Since I've left Charlotte I'm a bit out of touch with the dining scene there, but it's nice to see good places like this still around, despite a very challenging location. Granted, most places would kill for the prime real estate downtown, but I have a feeling a lot of its presence is lost by the hotel towering above it, and a lobby that is completely distracting with all the other options. I love that they try to maintain some sense of Southern cuisine in their menu, and that every time I've checked the menu since dining there a year ago they are constantly updating it with new, fresh additions.笑
Rip-off.

This restaurant is nothing more than the Marriott hotel breakfast place with red wall carpets and the lights dimmed...so it is kind of a scam when you think about it! Small and uncomfortable tables with a strange floor layout. There are literally dozens of top notch authentic eateries within short walking distance, so there is no need to suffer through this.

Food is average to terrible, about what you'd expect from a hotel restaurant. What is even worse are the very high prices, which make this a very poor value.

(I simply am at a loss to explain other reviewers who rated this place highly...perhaps they just didn't venture out of the hotel door and so didn't have a basis to compare? No idea really, but they are wrong. Or the hotel is having employees right positive reviews and post them. This place is most certainly NOT one of the top restaurants in Charlotte as claimed by one reviewer. In fact, it is one of the very worst restaraurants in Charlotte, especially considering the inflated prices and phony decor transition from breakfast)笑
Gourmet Soul Food? I love it. Who would have thought such a nice little gem would be hidden inside the Charlotte Marriott. We had some very artistic chefs with us since we were all here for the Research Chefs Association's annual conference. No pressure to the chef since we didn't say anything until half way through the meals. They started us out with a complimentary smoked salmon torte. Some great appetizers, then a blood orange sorbet for palate cleansing. It was quite a culinary experience. The head chef came out since he was also a Johnson & Wales alum as were our guests. Great score and I highly recommend.笑
Savannah Red is such a hidden gem! I was pleased to know that the servers, and all of the managers are Certified Sommeliers!!! The wine list rocks with some great boutique-y selections as well as some standard types and at great prices. Everytime I want an intimate date restaurant that wont break the budget, I go here! Its quiet, gorgeous and the service, food, and atmosphere are always spectacular. Its good to see that true Southern Dining Rooms still exist!笑
Yeah, I liked this place, but I wasn't blown away like some of the other reviews. I'd say it's a solid Restaurant Week choice, but I wouldn't have wanted to pay their regular rates. I'll take it one course at a time:

Bread - I was super excited to try the kudzu butter, because of the rave reviews I'd read. (Just hearing about it made me wonder why if you can make butter from kudzu oil, why isn't it available everywhere that kudzu grows wild?). Anyway, when they brought our bread, they brought out the aforementioned kudzu butter. The bread itself was really good, and didn't need any butter. Had I not been excited for the kudzu butter, I wouldn't have even put any on it. So, how was the kudzu butter? Frankly, I'm not really sure, because they gave such a small portion, that I was barely able to taste it. For the 2 rolls we each were given, we were each given a teeny pad of the butter; about the size and thickness of a dime. Diving it up between the 2 rolls was just diluting it too much, so i just tried to taste it off of my fork, but I think I would have had to eaten half of the whole pad straight to even get a taste. So, I started out a little disappointed (and left wondering; did everyone else who wrote rave reviews of the butter get more than me? Not fair!).

Cucumber & tomato salad - this was not part of the Restaurant Week menu; it was just provided as extra. It was just a spoonful (actually served on a pretty white spoon). It was a nice bonus, and tasted good, but there was nothing unusual or exciting about it.

Smoked Tuna (appetizer) - this was good, but it was a pretty small portion. There were 5 small squares of tuna, that I would say were about 1"x2", 4 thin radish slices, and 3 small sliced pickeled carrots. Frankly my favorite part were the pickled carrots, but there was just a bite of those. The tuna was okay, but again, nothing exciting.

Strawberry lime sorbet - this was another extra that was provided; off menu, just as a palate cleaser, but it was really my favorite part of the meal. It was one pretty small scoop, but it was fresh and delicious. I could taste the lime as clearly as the strawberry, which I loved. 

Filet (main course) - the steak really was cooked perfectly (I ordered as medium rare, and my husband ordered medium - both were exactly how we wanted them). It was super tender, too. It came with a few vegetables, and something else that I could not identify, but it tasted dense (and not necessarily in a good way); kind of like a bread or loaf of some sort. The filet was definittely the best part of the main course.

Krispy Kreme Bread Pudding - again, this was something that I was excited about, having read some great reviews (as was my husband, mainly because he's a donut freak). And again, maybe set up with too-high expectations, this was a bit of a letdown. It's kind of cool, how it comes out flaming in bourbon, but it tasted pretty dense to me. I didn't even recognize that it started out as a donut, so I'll take their word for it, because they are calling it a Krispy Kreme. Maybe the sauce was too heavy and took over the dish, but I just didn't love this. 

Service - the service was really great. We were constantly attended to by 2 different people, both of whom were very pleasant. Our drinks were refilled before they were emptied, and our food came out very quickly (at times almost too quickly; we barely had a minute between courses, and our whole meal ended up taking only about an hour).

As I said in the beginning, I would recommend this place for a Restaurant Week outing, but I think it's too pricey for a regular menu.笑
Truly. Meh. The Cutter's Cigar Bar is nice, so I had high expectations. Well, you know the rest of the story. I guess the idea was to let the hotel guests in shorts and colorful polos eat there because Charlotte has nothing better to offer? Not. Almost everywhere else in Charlotte center city is better.笑
This is my 2nd favorite restaurant in Charlotte. 

Savannah Red has probably the most inventive and unique menus in the Southeast. And although it's been around for several years, I'm shocked it hasn't received the acclaim it deserves. 

I've had the pleasure to dine here 3 times and although the menu has changed every time I'd like to think I have an excellent idea of the quality of this place. Savannah Red is not just a cleaver name...it is red...really red. But I like it and the flame decor, it's just my thing maybe. Service, excellent every time. There was one night where a friend of my date called in ahead of time and ordered a bottle of wine for our table as a surprise. She presented the wine flawlessly and presented a hand written note for her. 

As for the food...like I said, the most unique, inventive, and delicious menus in Charlotte. You can't go wrong w/their signature dishes, that's a no-brainer. The "New South" Shrimp and Grits were incredible, the addition of the scallops was a nice plus. As for the Tasso Gravy...as a southern boy, I'm not proud to say I haven't had it before this meal. So I have no basis for comparison, but it was GOOD...real good the smokiness of the pork really shined!  Their pork tenderloin was amazing and cooked well and the Maker's gastrique was a great compliment. 

Take a look at the menu, stop, and think...this place raises the bar on 'southern food'. It's not on the menu currently but even the Fried Green Tomatoes were awesome! The head chef here takes traditional southern food and puts it on a marble pedestal. Common...Kudzu Jelly Butter for Corn Bread?!?!  No one outside of the south has probably even heard of Kudzu, let alone know it flowers and that flower is used to flavor this magnificent Jelly Butter.  I haven't tried the Lobster Cobbler yet, but that will be consumed on my next visit...FACT!

What put this place on the map for me...the Krispy Kreme Bread Pudding!  This furthers the brilliance of whoever created this menu.  Krispy Kreme is a NC creation and to make a desert of this quality w/another southern institution, bourbon (Maker's Mark caramel bourbon) sauce, is genius!  And hey...light it on fire to complete the theme of the night!  Love it!

Go here and enjoy!笑
Went to this hyped up restaurant for the first time during restaurant...bison soup was so so, filet mignon was over cooked, bread pudding tasted like a cup of bourbon. Ok but not the best meal I've had in Charlotte :-(笑
I came here as a mother-daughter duo for Restaurant Week and was not disappointed. After reading some other reviews, I get the sense that there may be some *inconsistencies* but we were all pleased with our visit. 

We all ordered from the pre-fixed menu. The petite filet was cooked to perfection and the cauliflower/leek puree was good enough to eat as a soup. Seriously. The Guinea Hen (I chose the dark meat option) was rich and flavorful. The braised swiss chard and honey roasted fingerling potatoes were the perfect pairing. I would never have thought to do the potatoes in sweet sauce. They were divine. 

Our server was so sweet and accommodating. Keep in mind that Savannah Red is more of a wine bar, so the liquor selection is limited. I had high hopes for the Krispy Kreme Makers Mark bread pudding, but it really missed the mark with all 4 of us. It was more like a Cinnamon roll with bourbon poured on top. I would definitely come back to experience the regular menu!笑
Awesome all around (food, service, atmosphere).  Very intimate setting, we were there on a Saturday night and there was barely anyone else in the place.  This may bother some people, but we enjoyed the first-class attention from the wait staff.  I don't understand why it would matter if the place weren't packed, as long as the food and service are top-notch, it shouldn't matter (anyone who thinks otherwise seems to be searching for something other than a great dining experience).  One of the best dining experiences that we've had.笑
Avoid this place at all costs. The food is disgusting. I honestly never had food this horrible in my entire life. From the frozen crab cakes to the unseasoned grouper.. my experience left me confused and hungry. This is simply a Marriott hotel restaurant - not an award winning restaurant by any means.笑
Yep, another 5 star on my list of stuff here. 
So this was the place that I wanted to visit for my birthday dinner. My husband didn't complain, not one bit. That was part of the deal. I am pretty sure that he wasn't complaining, not because he wasn't allowed but because he really enjoyed the night! 
One of the first things that came out to the table was these Delicious little corn bread rolls with kudzu flower butter. You know, kudzu, that shit vine you cannot kill even by setting your yard on fire? Yeah, that plant. Well apparently the flower is really sweet and some genius decided to flavor some butter with it. NCDOT, here is your sign. 

So, rolls--check. Delish. 
Then, my drink came out. I guzzled my gin and tonic and became a wildly appropriately drunk. I mean, come on, it was my birthday--and the entire staff knew it. Dan ignored me during these first few intolerable moments, then he just gave up and enjoyed his dinner. 
I started off with this lobster puff pastry thing that was served with a side of saffron ice cream. Dan referred to it as the "lobster ice cream thing." He eye humped my food until I gave him a taste. Then he just stole it. It was that good. 
Dan had cold soup, which just that day, Michelle and I talked about how she wasn't a complete fan of cold soup, but to my surprise, Dan ate the whole bowl and wiped the bowl clean with the extra corn bread thing. We swapped plates because I wanted to have some too. I am sure the waiter was totally confused when he picked up the plates. He probably questioned himself the rest of the night wondering if he made a mistake in who was supposed to get what dish. I didn't tell or correct him. I let him wonder. I was drunk, please remember this was funny at the time. 
Then came my pork tenderloin with peach schnapps topping, collard greens and cornbread cakes. Wow. Not just good, fan-effing-tastic! 
Dan had the fillet. Fresh garlic and mushrooms. I had some of his too. It was effing delish too! 
Then, we had the "cleansing of the palate" raspberry sorbet. What a treat. I love ice cream if you haven't figured that out. I ate mine in little increments to make it last. Dan ate the whole thing in one bite. 
Then came the best part. Krispy Kreme bread pudding with Maker's Mark glaze, and it came to the table on FIRE! No candles needed here! I think it was about 27 dough-nuts packed into a little bread pudding upside down dish. Probably about 10,000 calories. But all worth it. I nearly licked the plate..rememeber, I was intoxicated. (and the fire had gone out by that time.)
Dan had this chocolate banana puff pastry with rum ice cream. He didn't share with me. What a bastard. It looked good, and if it was any less than perfect he might have then shared it with me. So I guess his dessert was top notch. 
I would tell you how wonderful the bathrooms were or how pretty the soap was, or how clean the toilets were, however, I was wearing 6 inch heals that didn't really allow me to walk around that well, (again, insert intoxicated mentioning here...) 
I did however walk 7 blocks back to where we parked. Dan thought it would be nice to walk around after such a wonderful night. I would have let him carry me on his back, but my high cut dress would have shown off my goodies to everyone. And in my drunken state, I would have thought it was funny while Dan would be dying of shame in the corner. So I walked. 
Savannah Red was AWESOME!! Will most definitely return. I will use the valet service next time, and maybe get wildly INappropriate next time. Especially if I know that I don't have to walk far.笑
Was thrilled to try Savannah Red as a part of Queen's Feast, and it didn't disappoint.  First I'd like to mention our server Deanna, who was flawless.  Loved her.  Her helper was a blonde girl with an accent, perhaps Russian?, who was also a delight.  Great service.  The food was also quite good, but not an absolute knock-out.  Neither the fish nor the steak were exceptional in flavor.  All the supporting characters, however, right down to the cornbread and the palette cleansing sorbet were delicious.  Well, the bread pudding gets a B+ - surprisingly, I've had better bread pudding.  Overall, a very nice dining experience, and well worth it for a classy date night.笑
I went here on a Feast Food Tour and was blown away by the decor, ambiance, service and most importantly the Krispy Kreme Doughnut Bread Pudding!  I can't wait to come back for brunch with friends and the hubby.笑
I'll get the only negative out of the way first- the bread pudding wasn't spectacular.  I know that every review says amazing things about it, and the description on the menu made my mouth water, but as much as I like desserts, I didn't eat much of mine.  In fact, I went back to my hotel bar and ordered some strawberries with vanilla marscapone cream, and that was yummy!  

Still, this was one of the best meals I've had in as long as I can remember.  First, they brought cornbread and strawberry cornbread with cheese and Kudzu butter.  I would have been satisfied with just that for dinner.  But then, they brought the diver scallops appetizer with the sliced figs.  They were tender.  They were gently seared.  They practically melted in my mouth.  I detected a hint of tamarind, but it could be my imagination.  

Thanks to fellow Yelper Zan F's recommendation, I passed up bison for the shrimp and grits and was glad I did.  The shrimp and scallops were almost an afterthought, as I wanted to ask the waitress for a bowl of grits to go for breakfast the next day.  The spicy smoky Tasso Gravy was a nice touch.  

My dinner companion 'allowed' me a taste of the guinea hen, and that was cooked to perfection too.  Crispy outside, fatty in some places, lean in others, but flavorful and supple all around.  I really liked the spicy black kale too!

Compared to other restaurants of the same caliber, this isn't one of the pricier ones.  The best part is their focus on using fresh ingredients from local farms.  On top of that, the portions are just right- not selfishly small and not so large that you can't savor every dish put in front of you without busting your gut.  I love this place, and I can't wait to get back to Charlotte, sink into one of their red, deep, cushiony seats for another culinary celebration.笑
This the most ultramodern, upscale place I've been to in a long time.  This little place is tucked away inside the Marriott City Center and is a really treat to go to.  Very high class, boldly decorated and has some awesome food.  It's expensive (as you would expect) but it's worth it. The veal was a mouthwatering experience to say the least.  The servers were very impressive, they were very attentive and you could tell they really wanted us to have a good experience.  But the best part of the meal is always the dessert and I have four words for you, Krispy Kreme bread pudding.  That is all.笑
I agree with the original reviewer.  This is not your typical hotel restaurant or food.  The setting is cozy, sexy and hip.  The food is the same.  They also have a very well maintained wine selection with constant gems and the staff who know their stuff.
Probably the most attentive service staff around.笑
Staying in the marriott for business I ordered shrimp and grits with scalllops and they came from the restaurant. OMG! To die for, delish!笑
Say it with me now - Krispy Kreme Bread Pudding. 

When I first told one of my friends about this dessert, he told me that the thought of it made him Krispy Kreme his pants. That's before I even went into the pornographic details about how it was swimming in Makers Mark Caramel Bourbon Sauce that was set ablaze. So naughty.

I mean, I don't even like donuts all that much but it just felt wrong not to order an item that was just so blatantly taunting. 

I kept my expectations at bay before dining here. It's located inside of the City Center Marriott so I was very aware that the food may be uninspiring and generic. But what I found is that Savannah Red is actually a fabulous restaurant that stands on it's own two feet, with delicious food at tasty price points
 
Things started off nicely with an amuse bouche of cauliflower soup, which was rich and delicious.

I like to just nibble and taste so I ordered a few small dishes. The Jumbo Crab Cakes ($8) were pretty good, but keep in mind that the Cilantro Avocado Emulsion is little a small dollop on the plate. The Diver Scallop Ravioli w/ cream sauce, wilted greens, and Sriracha gastrique ($8) was my far my favorite dish ordered. You've got to try it. the greens are cooked perfectly and the two ravioli are large, fresh and meaty. 

I was given a bit of sorbet to cleanse the palate before being presented with my Pear and Endive salad, blue cheese brulee and pink apple vinaigrette. So good!

Initially, I had no plans on ordering dessert. But the bread pudding was only $6 and sounded so novel that I had to give it a try. If you like donuts, you will love it. For my own personal taste (I'm not huge on donuts) it was a bit too sweet, but the preparation and plating were fabulous!

Overall, an excellent restaurant with stellar service and an exciting menu.笑
This hotel restaurant is fantastic. I will say with 100% confidence that this is the best breakfast that I have ever had. The omelet station is superb and the breakfast potatoes are full of flavor. They were very patient with my 3 children and were very helpful. I can't wait to stay here again.笑
I took a chance and entertained a very important customer at Savannah Red. "In a Marriott??," everyone asked?  Right.  How good could it be?    Well, outstanding.  Service (thanks Deanna) and food were excellent.  Food was fresh and well-prepared.  Ambiance was wonderful...we loved the round table and the artwork, especially the chandelier. I'm glad I took the chance with Savannah Red.  I think you will too.笑
Note: went for Restaurant Week

This was my first time inside the Marriott where Savannah Red is located.  Its a small restaurant with just a few rooms and not many big tables.  The decor is pretty neat, seemed to be fire themed.

For my three courses, I got scallops, pheasant and dumplings followed by a play on a s'more.  

The service was very great, the servers were very attentive and even brought out some extra wine when we noted that it was our friends birthday.

It was a good restaurant week experience, but I doubt I'll be back.笑
Savannah Red - Adam, Deanna and all of their helpers - did a magnificient job caring my small company (12 person) Christmas dinner!

First of all, the hotel (restaurant is located in the Marriott City Center) was packed with runners for the marathon the next day.  (My only minor beef is that the restaurant could use better signage off the hotel lobby.)  Yet Adam, Deanna and their staff made us feel like we were the only ones in the place.  Service was attentive but not intrusive and kept the evening moving along.

We enjoyed cocktails in the small bar area and it felt like a private club.  Deanna answered questions knowledgably and provided great suggestions when requested.

Dinner was served (and the entire room reserved for us) in the space used for breakfast - but you'd never have known it from the feel.  It was candlelit and intimate without being close and claustrophobic.  Can't wait for next year when we have enough people to take over the intimate dining room!

Where do I begin with the food?  Creative, unique menu that I've never seen anywhere else in Charlotte.  Heavily focused on meat, chicken and seafood (sorry, my vegetarian friends) and all executed to perfection.  My personal favorite - the Krispy Kreme Bread Pudding for dessert.

I highly recommend this restaurant for both the food and for the service.  Thank you to my fellow Yelpers for the recommendation and helping me score points with my brand new co-workers.笑
I'm usually a little leery of hotel restaurants, but my adventures foodie side got the best of me on this and steered me to Savannah red with some girlfriends for restaurant week. I was pleasantly surprised. The staff was attentive, but not pushy. Atmosphere was inviting. Plus the food was on point. I had the seared sea scallops for an appetizer which were sweet, buttery, and cooked perfectly. The tile fish which I've never had before with a oyster mushroom bread casserole paired with cranberry chutney for an entree. Again everything was on point and a very interesting mix of flavors. Dessert I'm not a huge fan of, but from what I heard it left a little to be desired. The lemon tart with salted whipped creme was pretty yummy, but everything else was just eh. Some of my guests had the steak with a sweet potato casserole and asparagus for an entree and again didn't disappoint. I'll definitely be keeping this one in the rotation when I want something a little fancier then your gastro lounges and brew pub feel.笑
This lovely restaurant near the BOA Headquarters and the business district is a surprisingly excellent restaurant in a hotel at the Marriott. The service was exquisite, friendly and fun. I was alone in the restaurant, and the server treated me incredibly well with conversation, tastings and suggestions. The shrimp and grits was my entree of choice and a house specialty. It was unlike any I've had in NOLA -- not barbqued, but roasted shrimp and scallops in a tomato butter sauce. The grits were so yummy and rich. The scallops were so large and tender that I could barely finish them. This is an excellent choice in downtown for a unique take on southern cuisine.笑
Awesome. Almost zero knowledge of southern food, arrived 15 min before closing on a Monday night.  Eva totally took care of me, recommending a great beer (Bad Penny) and the grits with shrimp and scallops.  Warm people, great food, altogether exceptional experience and a wonderful intro to Charlotte!笑
I wish I could give this quarter stars. I was torn about how I should rate this restaurant because some of my food here was excellent but some could have been better. I still gave it a four star review because it was certainly better than 'a-ok' but a four seems to be a bit of a stretch. If I had total freedom, Id give it a 3.75.  T

This place seems to excel when it comes to desserts. The krispy kreme bread pudding is excellent and surprisingly, its not as sickly sweet as you would expect given that its made with donuts. The bourbon sauce and the raisins complement the sweetness and make this dessert more complex than just a sugar bomb. The sauce is VERY heavy on the bourbon-I could smell the alcohol in it when it arrived which worried me since I dont like liquor but the taste was amazing. 

For an appetizer, I had a gazpacho that was filled with lump crab. The crab was very high quality and the gazpacho had a nice vinegary flavor but it was kind of thin. My entree was cobia with collard greens and polenta. The cobia was seasoned very well but it had an odd texture-a tad rubbery and tougher than I usually like my fish. To be fair, this was my first experience with cobia so I dont know if the texture was the fault of the restaurant or if it always tastes this way (one of the reasons that I decided to give the benefit of the doubt and go with the four star review). The collards and polenta were supurb thanks to the spicy, savory seasoning and they definitely enhanced the fish and helped make up for its shortcomings. The fish definitely tasted better when eaten with a mouthful of the side dishes. 

I went to Savanna Red during restaurant week to take advantage of the deals and I would like to go back and try it during a regular week because some of the most intriguing dishes werent on the restaurant week menu. They serve elk, which is a rarity in the southeast, as well as a bison osso bucco.笑
Wow. Wonderful food and impeccable service. I will be coming back. 
First things first: kudzu butter, y'all. Kudzu butter. Amuse bouche of lamb bacon and Boursin cheese served on a crostini with cherry relish was a wonderful start. I went with the crab bisque and would pass on that next time. The ingredients used were obviously nice, but they were blended down to a frothy texture that wasn't appealing to me. My main course was the aged filet with the black garlic sauce. I decided to pair it with the grits and asparagus. Perfection. I've visited a nearby well known steakhouse recently and this was FAR better. The service was attentive, helpful and pleasant. I cannot wait to visit this place again. 

Note that this place does not offer takeout. The waitress mentioned they gets lots of calls.笑
Holy unprofessional, I wish they offered a free course called "server 101" because I fear our server cannot last in this industry much longer. I dare say she might have been the worst server I have ever experienced -and it actually blows my mind that she earns tips on a daily basis. 

She "greets" our table after 15 minutes of waiting in the lobby followed by 15 minutes of sitting at our table ...was the place slammed? No. Her greeting consisted of throwing her arms over the backs of our chairs and asking us if we'll buy her a shot of tequila.... then, when she took our order and her pen didn't work she turned around and threw it at the bar...nice. 

 She dropped two of our meals (a filet and salmon) and then came over and said "you heard that crash, that was your meal" ...I then politely told her that my rare steak looked more well and she then answered " well that's three people that have to wait for their meals...rolled her eyes and stormed off" ...nice.

She then brings out the salmon...gosh that poor friend who ordered salmon. The first time it was served raw. Then she had to send it back yet again- the third time it was served without sauce. They finally just brought her out her sides to eat while she waiting for her dish since this was going on a 2. 5 hour meal at this point....nice. 

Everyone paid the full cost of their meal which was fine for me as steak is over/under cooked quite frequently but there really was no excuse for the salmon at that point - 3 times you blew it.

 To make matters worse our server tacked on her 20% at the end - of course, that's why her service sucked (to be frank), she knew all along she would be tipped- why try? Oh and at the end she exclaimed that in 20 minutes she would be drinking tequila, I had only hoped she saved enough for me...lord knows I needed it at that point!

I will say the only reason I gave it two stars instead of one was that the manager brought me a complimentary dessert and glass of sparkling wine, for she seemed to be the only professional who cared about her guests and how they were treated. I know that problems with the meals are often not the fault of a server, but to be friendly, helpful, and in general apologetic ...or even sympathetic to your guests, well that is the job of the server, and she failed miserably.

Disappointed is an understatement . I will not be back.笑
I'm not sure if I missed something because this was definitely not a 5 Star dinner! 

My sister and i had wanted to try somewhere we hadn't been and this has been on both of our lists to try. We made a reservation (no need) for 7pm on Saturday. We get there and we are the ONLY people in the place!!! On a Saturday!! I was completely shocked and felt horrible for our server and busser since they had to actually be there! 

I will say the decor was nice Red, Red, and more Red! Comfy chairs and a nice ambiance....would've been better if there were others in the place!! 

Ok so out came the corn bread which was One of my 3 favorite things that night Delicious!! Second best my Margarita(s) that our server made was Awesome!! Third the Sorbet Palate Cleanser it was Strawberry Cantaloupe Delish! The problem is none of this makes a meal :( 

They sent out an Amuse Bouche which was Seared Tuna with a Vidalia Onion something....FISHY so over cooked tasted worse than Tuna Fish it was just bad! We split the Duck and Corn Fritters, Flavorless and barely any duck in them. I had the Watermelon Salad it was supposed to be served with a Frisee salad not a Spinach salad, along with some Duck Prosciutto that was also missing from the plate. My sister enjoyed her salad... 

For my Entree I ordered the T-bone Lamb...Over cooked not Rare-Medium Rare so I sent it back. I don't get lamb enough so when I find it on a menu I order it! So now I'm just sad because its not how I had wanted it but more so because when they did give it back it was cooked good but the Roasted Cauliflower Puree it was sitting on was like glue! Gross! The Lamb was so hard to cut that I had to stop cutting and breathe because it was like a workout! In Retrospect I should've just picked it up and eat it off the bone like my sister told me to do, but i was being a lady! 

Our server was very nice and by no means was this disastrous evening in any shape or form her fault! She even had taken our Dessert off because of the lamb having to be sent back. We had the Peaches and something...not bad but not great 

All in all this meal was just sad! From the minute we sat down and realizing we chose the wrong place to go, but now we can cross it off our lists and call it a day! 

* I should say that by the time we were into our meal they did get 7 other customers so at least that was a little better...笑
Tasty tasty tasty! Delish appetizers and dessert.

- sweet mashed yams
- broccolini
- crab cakes
- mac and cheese with bacon
- corn dish (YUMMIEST)
- Dessert: Krispy Kreme Bread Pudding, lit on fire!笑
The worst service ever.

I was staying in the Charlotte Marriott - where Savannah Red is located - for the Democratic Convention. I worked on events at both Conventions having come from Tampa where the Republicans held theirs. I'd been in the concierge lounge with a couple friends where I'd had 2 drinks. We made our way down to the restaurant and sat at the bar to grab something to eat before we set out on our evening. We were having a fun conversation and laughing and when we ordered,  I was told I was cut off from having more to drink. Not my two friends but just me. It was the most bizarre thing ever. Never, ever had that happen. I was not drunk or unruly and the waitress and the manager refused to listen to reason. I wouldn't go back here if it was the last place on earth to eat.