This place has a really nice staff, the food is freshly made by their own chefs, and the decor and ambience is great.

I went there with some Asian friends and they said that it is not just delicious, but very authentic.

Will go there many more times.笑
I have been to this place many times, this is the first time I encounter a pain-in-the-ass waitress, she,aka Stephanie, said the reason we can't sit at where we want to sit is because that seat is not under my waiter's range yet there is a couple sitting right next to those seats and we are a couple too. My waiter is actually quite nice. Also I am pissed that the quantity is getting smaller and smaller. I will give higher rating only if I see improvements. 

0 star for Stephanie
5 star for our waiter Kui
4 star for the food
9/3=3stars笑
I'm a young white guy eating by myself in the early afternoon, and I felt like they didn't want me there any longer than necessary. I've had waayyyy better green curries for half the price, and it came with a spring roll that was cold (it wasn't simply "not-hot", it was cold). There is far better in Toronto.笑
We were here for early dinner on Saturday because our friends picked this place. We tried their dishes 4 years ago when they just opened, before we moved away from downtown. 
The service was nice. Decor was nice.

We ordered a lot. Presentation was nice, and taste wise was average. Pork belly was cooked through, tender and nice color, however it tasted too salty. The meat balls contains too much flour,and too much of chopped gingers. The almond fish was too thin. 
Cold noodle tasted okay, but I think they used some mayo instead of sesame paste.
Steamed buns was average.
Rice cake was good.
Might come back next time when our friends come and visit us again.笑
Food: 5/5
Environment: 4/5
Service: 5/5
Value: 4/5

As a shanghai native, I approve of this restaurant. The Wuxi spareribs are to die for. It is better than the ribs I've had in China!  Unlike most Chinese restaurants, Lee Chen offers a clean and comfortable dining environment. It is a lot pricier than most Chinese restaurants, but the quality of the food and service makes up for it. The servers don't hustle you for your order and check. Lee Chen offers authentic Chinese comfort food in the heart of Toronto.笑
I have eaten here and got food delivered loads. 

If you are craving a noodle soup, their spicy beef ramen is amazing. 
Their hot and sour soup is really good too. 
Salt and pepper chicken is amazing. 
Their special fried rice was delicious. 

A friend of ours order a noodle with pork, i am not sure of the exact name... but it was quite bland and I could only imagine eating it with lots of other dishes which has flavor.笑
3.5 stars

When I first heard the name of the restaurant, I thought it was a spin off of Lee or a collaboration of some sort hahaha.. but I was wrong :p

Lee Chen has a classy yet traditional interior with wooden furniture and decors. It brings me right back to Shanghai (I just came back from Asia!) and I am curious to try our Canadian version.

Service was great :) Very courteous and attentive. Waiter automatically speaks to me in mandarin, but I appreciate that they can switch back to English unlike in Shanghai (my mandarin barely passed in Asia hahaha...)

Food was good. Xiao Long Bao (soup dumpling) definitely can't compare to the ones in Shanghai but it was decent but a bit smaller in size.

Almond fish was thin, did not have much fish meat but it was pan fried and completely coated with sliced almonds. If you love almonds, you'd love this dish!

Shanghai soup noodles was really good :) The texture of the noodles was chewy which I love very much... kinda reminds or of hor fun (thin rice noodles).

Shanghai garlic bok choy was delicious. Simple dish but I enjoyed it very much. Plus, I haven't been eating much veggies during my meat-eating Asia trip lol... so this was really nice!

Tang yuan in sweet wine soup had my favourite black sesame tang yuan (glutinous balls)! Normally in this particular dish, the tang yuan is served without a filling and is much smaller. This dish has fermented rice in it too... so you can get full from it lol. I think I would enjoy the tang yuan in clear soup than in their version of wine soup.

Overall, very pleasant meal :) Be sure to get your fortune cookie on your way out! (We took one on the way in too hahaha!) My fortune said I am a very wise person lol. #justfotlaughs

P.S. This is the 100th review for Lee Chen, weeeeee :D笑
At first, I was very impressed by its interior. This place made me think that I was in China. My husband and I ordered xiaolongbao, popcorn chicken, Taiwanese rice dish and spicy beef noodle. I was very excited, but soon I was very disappointed. This restaurant took so long to have soy milk ready(not the fresh kind), but it was okay. Got soup dumplings after waiting for 20 minutes. After a while, got our rice dish. Suddenly there was nobody working in the kitchen...it was not even 7 pm.... finished rice dish, and waited more. Chefs came  back  after 15min or so, and we started seeing other tables receiving soup dumplings faster than we received. They even got my noodle dish...!!!! I ordered my dish before other people even showed up!We called waitresses(yes called more than one). After waiting another long minutes, our waitress came, and we asked about our order. There was no answer or explanation. We finally decided to leave. All we needed was simple explanation and apologies! Bad service! Food was okay, not like coming back quality.笑
Surprised I ended up here for a weekday lunch... but my 2 co-workers chose it while I was parking. Boy was I glad! Brown rice and black bean chicken? Unheard of! The presentation was gorgeous with some edamame beans and the rice was in a cute little tiny steamer!

The spring roll was a spring roll...meh

The pan fried veggie dumplings were a bit doughy... not the best and took 15 minutes to make so i expected better.

Next time i'll have to try their soup dumplings...

Service was great!笑
Went here on a Saturday night because of the yelp reviews and was not disappointed.   Had the spicy beef soup and fried dumplings and shared some other appetizers.  We will definitely return when in the Yonge/Bloor area.笑
The restaurant is right across from the Toronto Reference Library. I passed by many times but never went in. I went in on a Friday during lunch time and it was packed. Menu looks standard all your Chinese noodle house items. We had two orders of the Xiao long bao, the stir fried dumplings, the spicy beef tendons, the Shanghai rice cakes, and the soy bean soup. All of them were pretty good and make for a satisfying meal. Nothing off the charts or anything with the WOW factor but given the value, the taste and the location, it was decent.笑
After a full day of sightseeing we walked up an appetite and Lee Chen was the perfect place, Delicious!!! Pork Cabbage dumplings, ribs, chicken with black bean sauce all yummy. I am sure to visit again when we are back in Toronto.笑
Gtry the curry shrimp its delicious, great food and service although the service could be faster ill still give them 5 stars for the food笑
Nice place, cozy decor. The service was a touch slow, but pleasant enough! Food wise the kung pao chicken was okay, the chicken wasn't as crispy as I'd like and the flavour was a little too mellow. The pork, shrimp, and chive dumplings were pretty tasty though, I liked these. But oh my god the pork belly bao was amaaaazing!! Next time I'd come here just for a bunch of these! Of note, I came here hoping for dim sum, as this is what I had searched prior to going. But it didn't seem like they had much choice? Everything seemed more like a normal, singular meal price? But this may be my inexperience speaking, I've never done dim sum! Also of note, I asked for a bubble tea after seeing the guy next to me enjoying one. But I was told they were out of bubbles. I find that pretty hard to believe given the guy beside me receiving one just moments before!笑
Finally, I can have Chinese food around Yorkville area not that expensive. I tried most dim sum items. They are delicious. I cannot believe it. Wow. From now on, I don't need go up to north to have Chinese Chinese Food. Great! And their fry rice are great.笑
Stopped in for lunch the other day and was impressed. 
Myself and 2 co-workers all enjoyed our selections from the business lunch menu (kung pao chicken, black bean beef, or szechuan shrimp) which comes along with a choice of rice or fried noodles. It came to just under $40 after tax before tip. 

Service was pretty good, food was totally enjoyable, and the interior/ambience was perfect for the business casual lunch vibe. It's officially now one of my favourite restaurants in the Yonge and Bloor area.笑
Really good food and decor. Priced were reasonable as well.

Ordered dumplings which were flavorful, wonton soup, and a rice dish. All tasted great but portions were on the smaller side. Only miss was the pork belly buns, which you created yourself fajita style and curiously had spicy mayo that IMO didn't go with the bun at all. Thanks for trying though, and you can just eat without.

Another major gripe that I wish the restaurant would fix is the cups. They are notoriously hard to hold with such a tiny handle.笑
I was pleasantly surprised by the lunch here. This place is huge and so are the portions!

My friend commented that it was the "Asian Pickle Barrel" because the menu was so extensive! It's actually much better than that. I had a green chili shrimp and it was very good. The calamari appetizer is better than good - the Asian 5 spice kicked it up a notch to excellent!

Service was a little off - we didn't get our food in the traditional order - drinks, appetizers, entrees. In fact, the appetizers came last. It also took forever to get the bill - we asked at least 3 times.

Still, despite the service, the food was really good, and there was more than enough. I'll likely return.笑
If you are looking for close to authentic Chinese cuisine downtown in a fast service setting, this is the place. 

Located close to the subway. As a vegetarian, I love their vegetable fried rice. The service is efficient and attentive. 

The decor, while ethnic, is modern and clean.笑
Our waitress Amy has a huge attitude problem!!! She seems like she is in charge. but seriously girl? U don't even know the menu! We ask for her recommendation btw two dishes, she told us that she haven't try it she wouldn't know.  



As a real shanghainese, I have to say the skin of the soup dumpling(xiaolong Bao) is very good, but man too much MSG in the fillings!! And everything else we ordered had too much salt in it! Especially the steamed vegetable dumplings, they HAVE to be light and fresh so you can taste the freshness of the veggies wrapped inside. But there were just too much salt in it  that gave me a headache after eating too!! 




horrible service and way too much salt in the food. Will never return again!笑
Food was alright, staff was very friendly. I guess the price is ok for Yorkville area but I still feel like there are better places with cheaper costs. The decoration inside is very nice although the seats in the booth we sat in are wooden and stiff so it was difficult to get comfortable. The overall atmosphere was nice.

We ordered hot & sour soup ($6ish) and was able to share it among two people. If you like spicy food, this was definitely spicy enough for me and I love spicy food. We got their signature fried rice ($13ish) and it was just typical yang chow fried rice with a fancy name on it. It was also a little oily for our preferences. With the rice we got their mapo tofu ($12ish) and I didn't think it was anything special. Finally tried their onion pancake ($6-7ish) which wasn't bad, a little salty for my tastes but my friend liked how layered and crisp the dough part was. Also I got a corona ($6-7) with a nice looking chilled cup to keep it nice and cold.

Probably won't go back because I have better places to try and nothing made me want to specifically come back but if I were in the area and not willing to blindly try something new, I would want to try their other food to give them another chance.笑
When the store first open, i thought it was just like a regular western style Chinese food.
However, after i try different things from the restaurant knew i was wrong. This place is surprisingly good in terms of the food quality and flavor. It is fresh and flavorful. If you want to try some traditional Chinese food with traditional flavor, you have to go there.   
The appetizer, cold platter and specialty are awesome! My favorite dishes are soup dumplings, dandan noodles, spicy beef tendon, braised bamboo shoots, fiery wonton, spicy beef soup noodles and its fried rice. 
The downside of this place is $$$. It is quite pricy compared to other Chinese/Asian restaurant. I guess mainly due to the location as well as the decoration. It is more like a high quality Asia food place. 
Also, their spicy food is really spicy, but it tastes very good.笑
Went for brunch here last Sunday and it really wasn't set up for a traditional 'brunch', but, no matter!  The food was delicious and tasted 'authentic'.  Everything was presented well, and I felt satiated upon exit.  The bill for four of us came to less than $100.  

My only gripe would be that they open at 11:30am on the weekend - I think they should open earlier and serve a full dim sum menu - I'm sure many would come.笑
Solid Taiwanese food in downtown Toronto and you won't find another Chinese restaurant in the city that is clean, has efficient service and good food. We ordered the crystal pork belly, soup dumplings, fried dumplings, fried rice, hot and sour noodle soup and beef noodle soup. The soup dumplings could have been better (I like Asian Legend's more) but everything else was delicious. Definitely coming back.笑
I've been dying to find Shanghai dim sum in downtown Toronto. SURPRISED TO FIND THEM HERE!!!!

My strong cravings for Shanghai dim sum (#1 favourite food) are definitely satisfied for these reasons:
- Lee Chen is not westernized or whitewashed. Food isn't like crap from Spring Rolls
- dumplings are decent!! I've had WORSE Shanghai dim sum at Chinese dim sum restaurants. Lee Chen is good and I will return.
- prices aren't THAT bad.... This is Yorkville after all

Soup Dumplings (xiao long bao) $6.50 for 6
These are probably the tiniest xiao long bao dumplings I've ever seen, but they were pretty good. The soup isn't hot, there's a lot of soup, agree with Bernie that the meat is tiny. However the dumplings are still very very tasty. Also the skin isn't thick.

Pan Fried Pork Dumplings (wor teep) $6.50 for 6
These were alright, probably 3/5 in my books. My favourite of this dumpling is from a small mom & pop shop in First Markham Place food court. Shanghai restaurants in Markham could create 4/5. Lee Chen does 3/5 which I'd say is good enough in Toronto. They're softer (less fried), smaller-size dumplings, less filling, thicker skin.

Spicy Beef Noodles $11.95
I was afraid they'd serve a "western" size, but this dish surprisingly comes in a big bowl. You start digging into the bowl and you'll find that there are plenty of tender meats, enough noodles for 1, and lots of soup. I actually enjoy the noodles here!!! Jen K says they're not made in-house, however they DO taste like they're made in-house (chewy and aren't falling apart). The soup is pretty flavourful (NOT SPICY) and the beef is very tender (tasty enough, and of course I've had better). 

We actually ordered a second bowl of Spicy Beef Noodles!

The prices are decent for a Toronto "fancy"-looking Chinese restaurant. $11.95 for a big bowl of soup noodles is fantastic!! Okay yes this isn't Chinatown cheap, but Lee Chen is very clean, has good service, and the food is good. 

I'll be back!!

oh and: Bubble tea is actually yummy!!! (the price of BBT is fking expensive though, $4.95 + $0.50 for taprioca for A SUPER SMALL GLASS)笑
The meal was yummy.  The service was ok. The soup was the perfect size but the waiters seemed so rushed for a mediocre crowd. The selection was good.笑
Food tastes really good, however somewhat on the pricey side. Also I find the seating pretty crammed.笑
A little over priced, but its in a premium area located one block  above the yonge and bloor intersection.

I've been here once and it was really some great asian food. I got the pork belly steamed bao and it was probably the best steamed bao i've ever had. The meat melts in your mouth. I also had some shrimp and noodles which was very good too. 

I would go there again in a heartbeat.笑
3.5 Stars

I never expect Lee Chen Asian Diner to be that good!

I was a little skeptic when I saw the menu. I thought Lee Chen is a restaurant that specializes in Northern Chinse cuisine, but Pad Thai? Teriyaki? Curry?

The decor is really chic and has a lot of Chinese styled furnitures. 

I was greeted warmy by the staffs and sitted at the booth.

I want to drink some hot tea which is usually complimentary in "Chinese" restaurants and usually served automatically but here teas are $1.99. 

Jasmine Tea ($1.99) 
- it was  served as a tea bag I got from T&T in a saucer cup... I wish it is loose leaf tea, no such luck!

Spicy Beef Noodle Soup ($8.99)
- the braised beef was so tender and flavoured. especially the tendons has this rich butter texture
- the noodles was chewy and soft at the same time, with a great bite 
- apparently, the noodle though not made in house, but was made to order with a special recipe from the noodle factory
- The broth was quite good, but not spicy at all... chilli sauce on the table fixed that problem!

I was almost ready to leave then suddenly I have a craving for something sweet. The dessert choice here was diisappointing lacking! The waiter suggested:

Black Sesame filled Balls in Sweet Wine Soup ($5.49)
- a little over cooked as the filling was leaking when I tried eating them
- the sweet wine though smell good, but just too carb heavy for my taste

Free WIFI just ask for the password!

Waitstaffs needs a lot of training! Hopefully the next time I drop by to try out some dumplings, everything would be running smoothly!笑
Really what I was looking for. The dumpling was up there with some of the best I've tasted and the fried chicken was extremely tasty.笑
I don't quite understand why their rating are so low given the fact that their food is really authentic. I got the soup dumpling and beef noodle soup. Both were fantastic and tasted exactly like the one I used to have in China. Strongly recommend to those who want authentic Chinese food.笑
OMG LOVE LOVE LOVE THIS PLACE!!!! Cannot describe how GOOD the food was at this place! We had one shumai, one XLB (soup dumplings), two orders (!) of beef soup noodle, and one pad Thai, one bubble tea, one soy milk, and one sesame balls in soup. All of them were D.E.L.I.C.I.O.U.S! Everything was authentic and affordable! Would highly recommend anyone who loves Chinese food or wants to try Chinese to visit this place. You won't be disappointed!!!笑
4.5 stars really, as I only have one small complaint. 

Food is great here, though I almost always come for a late lunch that usually consists of something off their soup menu. The spicy beef soup is UNREAL! Rich broth, tender and flavourful pieces of beef, not too spicy, bit that's what the chili oil on the table is for. I have no qualms there. 

Service to great too! Now don't get me wrong here, these people are kind and attentive, almost to a fault. It seems like every time I'm here, I'm offered forks instead of chopsticks and I'm constantly being asked if I know how to eat the food (particularly in the dim sum department). I understand they're just trying to be nice, but it's a little embarrassing to be asked if I know how to eat baos or soup dumplings. 

Decor is lovely. Looks like Chinese colonial. Wood, and high quality wood tables. Bathrooms are super clean!笑
Came for lunch with some friends. The restaurant looks fancy and traditional inside. My friends recommended the Spicy Beef Soup Noodle. The broth was good but wasn't spicy enough, so had to add a bit of chilli oil sauce. The noodles were thin and curvy, which are rare to found elsewhere. The beef was tendered but cut averagely small which I would prefer to be a bit bigger. There were 2 pieces of Chinese cabbage and some pickled vegetable on the side.  Overall it was a good meal.笑
Delicious xiao long bao (soup dumplings) and chong yao beng (green onion pancakes) as well as many of the mains (favourites are Thai green curry chicken spaghetti and Wuxi spare ribs).  The restaurant is also very jook sing (Canadian-born Chinese) friendly as they don't judge us just because we are of Chinese descent and can't read the language (too well).  There are many places - especially those who have that "other" menu (in Chinese only) who find us a bit...odd (because we're westerners, culturally speaking but aren't of European descent).  One point of criticism:  Many of the items list Shanghainese bok choy on the menu (e.g. Wuxi spare ribs), but are, in reality, served with gai lan.  Shouldn't they therefore edit the menu to reflect the change?笑
3.5. 

I tried out this new resto the other day. It was fairly empty at the time. Service was good. The menu is pretty vast with different options. We ordered vegetable spring rolls (2.99) along with 2 "one-dish-meals" (8.99 or so). I liked the rolls, although my friend wasn't keen on them, insisting that they could be more full and less greasy. 

Our mains were pretty good. I had the beef dish and my friend had the sweet and sour chicken. My beef was surprisingly tasty and not tough, and the chicken was equally yummy. The fried rice (+1$) was good -- not greasy and pretty basic. The plates also came with a nice pile of mixed vegetables. What sucked about them though was that they were pretty cold. Not cool! Another downer, the spring rolls came after we had gotten our main dishes. Also not cool.

Our dinner came to just $25 (no drinks), so in terms of value I think it was good. I think the cooks have a bit of work to do, but I'd return here, since the food quality was high given the price range.笑
Was walking at Yorkville and walk pass and wanted to try this place out. Inside was nice and confrotable with and Asian dark wooden design. 

Servers were nice.  We ordered the siu long bao. It was great the thin wrap, inside soup and meat was well balance not salty and not too oily.

We also ordered sweet warm soy bean. It was medium  warmth. Not that sweet maybe just a very little sweetness.

Green onion pancakes are one of my favorite, at Lee I found that the pancake was had a nice crunch to it but needed more green onion to bring out the flavor more

The green onion soy sauce oil noodle. It was kinda small would of been a bit more better with more noodle. Kinda salty from the soy sauce. 

Noodle with the meatballs. Not too bad, the noodle in soup was great. Soup did not taste salty at all. The meat ball was suppppper soft. Once you bite into it it melts in your mouth.

Overall nice service nice decor and food was nice would come back for the siu long bao.笑
I decided to go to Lee Chen with my family one day after finding it on Yelp. While it is definitely not authentic Asian food, I still give it 5 stars!

Firstly, something that me and my family really appreciated was how wholesome the food was, ESPECIALLY considering that it was Chinese food. I think you all know what I'm talking about when I say Chinese food can often be very artificial. The General Tso chicken did not have a crazy breading to meat ratio, and the other mains were not drowned in MSG-filled sauces.

Next, the decor and overall restaurant was very well-presented, which is always a plus. Maybe I am just so used to the Mom-and-pop Chinese restaurants, but it was a nice change to have sociable staff and a clean washroom, lol.

Overall, a pleasant dining experience. Definitely not the best Chinese food, but you won't go wrong if you turn in here on your lunch break or when you don't want to cook.笑
I was just in the mood for some chicken fried rice after work (I work across the street from Lee Chen) so stopped by to try them out.  I need all these "chinese diners" to recognize something - I don't care how pretty your restaurant is, you simply cannot, EVER charge $11.29 for a small single serving of fried rice.  You can't.  You CAN'T!  YOU CAN'T!!!!!!!!!  For $11.29 that rice dish better feed the whole table with leftovers!  

I can get a massive single serving of amazing fried rice at Sam Kee at Jones and Gerrard for $4.  I can get a massive table sized seving of fried rice at Swatow at Spadina and Dundas for $7.  If you are thinking of charging $9.99+ tax for a single serving of fried rice, get over yourself, your restaurant really isn't THAT good.

I'll give this place two stars since the rice itself wasn't horrible but it was very typical chicken fried rice, a touch too greasy and definitely loaded with too much MSG.

I got my food to go.  I might have eaten there if wasn't eerily empty and the two servers weren't bickering.  They eventually bickered over who should bag my meal for me as well.  Nice.

Their other food might be fine but the serving size matched with the price tells me this is just another overpriced mediocre joint on Yonge Street.笑
I love Pad Tai however I would not reccomend this place for this particular dish. It was very light if not minimal on sauce and a lot of chilli flakes. It had no flavor! Tasted like hot noodles with chilli flakes. Save yourself the disappointment.  I'm so disappointed with how flavorless this dish was, that I will not try anything else on this menu.笑
Checked this place out after some Bloor errands/shopping. It's fairly new and usually empty-ish inside. 
Once inside, you'll be impressed by the simple and elegant decor. Really clean bathrooms (is that key in eating?! Well, you can tell a lot about a place about how well they maintain their WC's, lol.)

Menu is on the sparse side so if you're looking for variety, this probably won't be the place to check out. But in terms of a decent Asian style dinner with friends, it's pretty good. Prices are fair, booze is decently priced and there are a few spots where you can seat a big group.笑
Ho-Lee-Chen!

After a productive day of shopping on Bloor, I was in the mood for some noodles.  Across the street from the reference library I saw a "We're now open" sign and a newly renovated restaurant.

This "Asian Diner" is the newest addition to Asian eateries in the Yonge-Bloor area and one of the better ones.

The owners and waitstaff are super friendly and immediately greeted and served me.

They offered me a glass of water while I looked through their take-out menu.  The restaurant has only been open for two days and it was pretty quiet.  A lot of people peered curiously into the window.

The restaurant is nicely decorated, dim lit with dark wood, and ample seating.  I liked that the kitchen was open and you can see the food being prepared.

The music was loud and repetitive.  
I wonder if Chinese restaurants use the same CD.  
Probably from the album Exotic Sounds of the Far East.  
I felt like I was trapped in a never-ending OMNI movie.
Anyways...

The menu had a assortment of traditional dishes and more western dishes.  You can order.... sweet potato fries.... or tofu! 

The menu is very similar to Asian Legend and so are the prices.
They had cold peanut noodles($4.99), spicy beef noodles in soup ($8.99), basic dumpling offerings (6 for $5.99), siu mei (4 for $4.59), a variety of fried rices (around 9 bucks), kung pao chicken, general tso, green curry, etc.

They said that their xiao long bao is good.  
I'll have to give it a try next time...
And perhaps the sticky rice roll with dried pork and onion pancake too.

The Shanghai noodles didn't have that weird fake orange color.
The eggplant was not saucy but fresh.
Pan-fried dumplings were surprisingly satisfying.

I was happy with my meal and service and I'm sure I'll be back for several reasons.
* It's not Hue's (Horrific) Kitchen. 
* It's less pretentious than Spring Rolls and about a billion times more authentic.

I hope this place stays around, Yonge-Bloor can use some more Asian flavour!笑
Very decent Chinese food, for sure one of the best in Yonge/Bloor area. The dining environment is pretty nice compare to many other Chinese restaurants.笑
I love their lunch specials and of course, my favourites, the spicy beef noodle soup and soup dumplings. For a Chinese restaurant downtown, it's actually a pretty good place, and the food quality is pretty close with the Asian places up in Markham/Richmond Hill. 

The decor and atmosphere gives you a pretty modern Asian feel to it. Service and cleanliness of the restaurant is also pretty decent.

Although the cooking style and taste is not the full on traditional type, where you'd expect a much stronger taste in spices, I'd still recommend it for Chinese food lovers around the area.笑
I come here often with my coworker, I think as much as once a week (as embarrassing as that may be...) But we absolutely love this place! It's usually pretty busy during the weekday during lunch hours. 

The staff here are friendly and are always smiling. Tables and surroundings are really clean. Wait for food isn't really that long.

When my friend and I come here we always get the usual. She gets the Shanghai noodle soup and I get the Hot and Sour Noodle soup. The soup is absolutely delicious. The noodles are the thick shanghai noodles, they are cooked perfectly, not too soft not too firm. The broth however, when I'm almost done the soup, leaves my nose running like a faucet. I have a high tolerance to spicy food, but every time I finish my soup. It leaves my nose running. 

For anyone coming here for lunch, I recommend you order from the back of the menu (the lunch specials). You it usually comes with one vegetable spring roll, an order of meat (chicken, beef or pork, depending on the dish you chose) and an decent side of rice or noodles. The rice comes in the most adorable tiny dim sum steamer!笑
Decor is nicer than most of Chinese restaurants in Chinatown, the soup steamed bun is tasty.笑
Decent food, fair pricing and great location for Chinese food in the heart of the city.笑
Nice atmosphere, spacious and clean washrooms. Good tea.
Service is polite but very slow at times. The food is quite below average.

Appetizers:
Almond fish - thin pieces of fish battered with almond flakes, pretty good, it was the best dish out of all of them.

Fiery Wontons - very small wontons with little filling, the sauce wasn't spicy at all. By small, I mean very small, about 1/3 the size of wontons you could get at any restaurant in Chinatown.

Main Dishes:
Kung Pao Chicken - sauce was too salty. Very little chicken pieces! Mostly veggies and onions. For $13 it wouldn't have hurt to put in a bit more meat in the dish.

Chow Mein - meh. Greasy. Nothing stands out about it. Also a small portion for the price you pay for.

Overall, average tastes, small portions, and high prices but this is in the Yorkville area so that's probably why. Probably wouldn't come here again. Spent over $40 and my boyfriend and I were still quite hungry afterwards!笑
This wasn't the best Thai food, it had a strong Chinese influence, then meat was low quality and I ended up with a rather large headache afterward, most likely from the MSG added to it. Recommended only if you like Chinese food.笑
Staff remains very nice but not as attentive as at the begining of this place. Whereas they once decided to be open until 11pm during week-ends, now they are back to 10pm only, every day.
More importantly and very sadly, whereas the freshness remains, the quality of the food has degradated... dumplings were amazing and now they are too oily and blander. I almost thought that Asian legends was better (this latter is good but not as good as this place was before, but at least they proved to be consistent). 

Please react, do something, I want to go back and be as flabbergasted as I was the first 2 times I came here. Work on the quality. I don't care about fancy printed menus with pictures. I care about food.笑
Friend recommended and we decided to give it a shot. Xiaolongbao were delicious, but that day all dishes came in an over-salted way which my friend found very unusual. 
Other than the salty issue, everything was great.笑
Went here Jan 1 and ordered the following:
- fiery wontons
- xiao long bao
- hot and sour noodle soup
- Kung pao chicken

Fiery wontons weren't as good as they normally are. Looked like they had been sitting out for a while. 

Xiao long baos were fresh, hot and delicious as usual. Not as good as ding tai fungs but a great showing nonetheless

Hot and sour soup with noodles was good. Oddly came with rice noodles, was expecting egg noodles.

Kung pao (something we never order) was surprisingly the stand out of the meal . SO GOOD - nothing fried just deliciousness!

So great to have a delicious dumpling place in yorkville!笑
Solid Solid 3.5 Stars...

We came here last night for a varied selection of dishes that aren't common in some of the older Chinatown restaurants that we usually frequent. Lee Chen specializes in Shanghai Cuisine, which I understand is quite different then the Cantonese restaurants in Chinatown.  We ordered lots of appetizers, Dan Dan Noodles, Green Scallion Pancakes and Shanghai style soup dumplings. All were quite good. We last had Soup dumplings in New York and we were really keen to try them again. They were good, not too salty, with a nice bite of Wonton Soup Flavour inside each one. The Scallion Pancakes and Dan Dan was also quite good. 

All the apps were quite filling so we only had one main, Shanghai Rice Cakes with Chicken. The Rice Cakes had a really gluttonous appearance and texture but were quite nicely spiced and very very filling. Pretty good food all around.笑
This was a last minute decision and I am so glad we chose to try this place.  The food and service were fantastic! And two people (including a bottle of plum wine) and samples of at least 8 dishes? Was just around $100.  No one in their right mind needs as much food as we ordered. We couldnt finish it all but when you see the menu you will understand why we wanted to try everything!

We had their special dumplings with soup cooked inside - sinfully delicious
Rice cakes - new to me - extremely flavorful and generous portions!
Pulled pork dumplings - softest dumpling I have ever tasted, pork tender and well spiced
Green onion pancake - im not an expert here but my companion claims they taste very authentic
Did I mention the plum wine? Well worth adding to the feast.
Then for mains we had the pork ribs (fell off the bone), a tofu dish with vegetables in broth and a traditional noodle dish I am told is served on food carts back home.
The sesame coconut balls for dessert are a must try! We also had the more traditional balls in soup dessert...like I said we tried a lot of different food options - most of which were new to us.

The servers were extremely helpful explaining what we were eating - and although the restaurant was packed - we felt like the only patrons there. Super attentive (but not in a creepy way).

We will be back for sure.笑
Compared to my favorite restaurants in Chinatown, this place is more expensive but also less crowded and less noisy. Food is good and the menu offering plenty of choice.笑
We had the pad thai, the soup dumplings, the onion pancake, and a dim sum item. Food quality is very high for the area ... service is commendable. There was always someone close by to bring an extra drink, or hot sauce.

The atmosphere at lunch time was busy, not too loud, and the food arrived at the table very quickly.

We shared the pad thai (vegetarian) and were pleased that it was not bright red when it was presented. The onion pancake was a nice starter, but the soup dumplings were the star of the meal for myself.

The menu is long and varied, so there will be something for everyone.笑
I just ordered food from here online and I tried the general Tao's, chow mein, beef spring rolls and wonton soup. The general Tao's was a bit saucy and not tasty as I thought it would be. The chow mein is a bit salty for my liking and considering the price it's definitely not worth it. It taste like those noodles you get from Manchu Wok/Asian fast food chains you find in a shopping mall. The spring rolls are like seasoned taco meat in a fried roll. The wonton soup was ok. 

I doubt I would ever order here again and since I always check reviews of restaurants, I just wanted you guys to know.笑
i went to this place yesterday with a friend. it had a very nice decor and good service. waiters were friendly and dishes were taken away quickly. it's not expensive either. but the food was ok. i expected better. i got soup-filled dumplings and pad thai - the dumplings were good but not the best. there wasn't much soup inside dumplings, so that was a bit disappointing. pad thai wasn't that good. the usual non-authentic pad thai you can get in toronto is sour-ish but the one at lee chen was blend and kind of tasteless... well, this place specializes in chinese food so i guess it makes sense that their pad thai isn't great. i think i would come back if i were in the area and wanted some asian food in a nice place with good service, but probably wouldn't go out of my way to here.笑
Came here for work lunch.  Place is huge!! I didn't even notice this place before.  The lunch menu has a lot of options so I was happy.  Couldn't decide on the Ma Po tofu or sweet and sour pork.  Ended up getting the eggplant and spicy pork rice instead.  They have a little dim sum steamer where they display the rice in which was pretty unique.  Most of the lunch specials comes with 1 spring roll and some broccoli on the side.  What was cool is that the rice and the main dish is separated and the main dish is stored in a nest made of deep fried wonton skin.  Food was decent but it took a while to get our food as I expected it to be faster as other Chinese places in the GTA.  We ended up having lunch for 2 hrs笑
I find myself oddly disappointed consistently when I go to Lee Chen or order from there. 

I have it built in my mind that the food is going to be great and that I'll really enjoy it there. However, it never seems to be the case and that the food is mediocre at best. It isn't worth the money in my opinion. The servings for take out aren't great either and I felt ripped off a bit.

It's OK in a pinch but not at the top of my list.笑
I was eager to find a reasonable (and Asian) dining option in the Yorkville area when I shop @ anthro (quite regularly). *sigh*

So i was excited to see Lee Chen on the Yorkville radar. 

I came here for lunch today; it's steps from the Bloor TTC and the restaurant is huge. 
Contemporary Asian Teahouse is the best way to describe it. 
The prices here are reasonable, albeit higher than the usual Chinatown fare; but this ain't Chinatown folks...it's the borderline snooty Yorkville. 

Had the Shanghai Dumplings (xiao long bao) steamed in a bamboo basket, and freshly made to order. The dumplings were quite delicious; delicate skin, savory filling with a drop of soup in the dumpling. 

I also had the Shanghai Spicy Stewed Beef Noodles. I dumped a ton of chili in the soup coz i like it extra spicy...and it was delish. 
The noodles tasted handmade, the soup was yummy and the generous pieces of beef were tender and flavorful. 
The bowl of noodles was Huge. 

Service was good; efficient, friendly, nice. 
I'd come back for lunch with friends to try various dishes. 
Highly recommend for the area.笑
Soup dumplings were delicious and succulent. Pork ribs could have been a little more well done, but were tender and juicy nonetheless. Great sauce on those - sweet and salty. Spicy shrimp wasn't the greatest. Shrimp were perfectly cooked, but the sauce was too sweet and rich for my taste. Will definitely come again to try more items as everything was excellent on this first visit.笑
I did not expect to like this place as much as I did. Everything was absolutely delicious!  

My friend and I had the Vegetable Dumplings to start and thoroughly enjoyed them! They are steamed to perfection and super flavourful!  These are very filling, so definitely good for sharing!  

For our main course we had the Black Bean Chicken and an order of Egg Fried Rice. I have never had Chinese food like it before. It wasn't greasy at all and the chicken was cooked PERFECTLY! It looked like a lot of food at first, but the two of us managed to pretty much polish it off. 

I really had no intentions of ordering dessert, until I saw the Coconut Sesame Pillows on the dessert menu.  Who the heck can turn down a pastry referred to as a "pillow"?? It sounded too heavenly to pass up and I am so glad that we didn't.  You have GOT to try these - they're addictive.  

The service was also fantastic. The waitstaff are very friendly here and they really strive to provide a relaxing dining atmosphere.  Our waiter made excellent recommendations and was very attentive.  They even put a little cooler pack around our white wine carafe - nice touch!笑
Would give it 3.5 stars. Had delivery.  Sesame BBQ chicken dim sum was great as was the pork wrapped in rice.  Sweet and sour chicken was ok. And Singapore noodles wasn't that good.  Would order again and try to replace the second two dishes.笑
Always a great option for small quick bites, decent soup dumplings, average pan fried potstickers, but that's it. 

Don't venture out to their mains, go to the actual Chinese restaurant for things like sweet and sour pork笑
Nice quick lunch with co-workers, I like that they had set "business" menus and took our order efficiently. You simply write your order up on paper and the waitress collects it. Very nice decor inside, fried wonton bowl was a nice/tasty touch, rice came extra hot, everything tasted fresh. The salad was so flavourful. 

I got the kung pao fish ($12.95) which had a lot of chilies in it...wasn't as spicy as it looked. The spring roll seemed to have meat in it but the waitress verbally assured me it was vegetarian.

The only weird thing about this place that we noticed is that if you upgrade to fried rice its just a larger white rice with small niblets of corn... If someone didn't want white rice I'd definitely recommend upgrading to the chow mein which looked a lot better!笑
We can always count on Lee Chen when we come to Toronto. The food is excellent - freshly made and delicious. My favourite is the fried dumplings with shrimp , pick and chives. The Chinese Pancakes are also wonderful. My husband loved the Wonton soup tonight. I was too full to have it! Service is fast, pleasant and courteous and prices reasonable. We will definitely be back!笑
You absolutely must try the soup filled dumplings. These are so rare and unique to find in Toronto because the dumplings are hand made to order. 
Everything at this restaurant is delicious. The dishes are made up of simple, fresh ingredients but complex cooking techniques. I really enjoyed discovering this place and will definitely return.笑
This is a very good resto. Excellent hot and sour soup, though without shrimp, good dimsum, and very fine Szechuan shrimp. The service is prompt, the prices a bit higher than in the Chinatowns, but worth it if you are in Yonge and Bloor area.笑
Expensive and not worth to spend money on this not so delicious food. very little foods in the bowl. The food cost $3in china cost $20 here.笑
I've eaten here twice now in the last month or so... The pork soup dumplings are so yummy! We tried a few other things on the menu, but those were by far our fav!笑
More like a three-and-half-stars place for me.

A neat place to enjoy Chinese food downtown without having to head to Chinatown. The restaurant is clean, and the decor is modern. The ambiance of the dinning room is comfortable and unhurried, which makes the establishment a relatively rare-find among Asian restaurants. While some may appreciate the Chinese-language pop music from the 80s and early 90s playing in the background, I find it distracting and increasingly irritating over the course of the dinner. The waitstaff are generally quite friendly. Food sometimes is on the blend side, although there's nothing that a bit of soy sauce can't cure. By the same token, their traditional Chinese desert is not overly sweet, which actually makes it quite delicious.笑
I ordered the delivery and it was awesome!!!! It tastes better than some other Chinese restaurants feels like home omg.笑
Pleasantly surprised by the soup dumplings! The shell were thin and delicate, the filling had the right amount of soup and meat. Really enjoyed the dumplings! 

My friend and I also ordered from the lunch specials, ginger beef and general tsao chicken... Presentation was nice but not so practical to actually eat. These dishes weren't as tasty as the dumplings. I would come back and only have the soup dumplings!!笑
This is not your typical Diner....In fact I have no idea why its called a Diner in the first place. Its really quite pretty inside, totally not what I expected. It's a pretty big space and very clean with dark wood running throughout, modern look with splashes of Asian decor and furnishings.  

The hostess eagerly greeted and took us to a booth. She placed the menu on the table along with a sheet and pencil. You just tick off the items you want and place it at the side when your done.

Green Tea arrives as a prepackaged bag from Ten Ren and a big thermos of hot water. I liked that they gave you a thermos of hot water so I didnt have to keep asking for more hot water.

Our orders included

Fiery Wonton - boiled pork filled wontons served in a delightful sweet & spicy Szechuan sauce
Tender meat in a steamed wonton, good balance of heat and sweet. About 8 pieces

Sesame Buns -baked pastry roll sprinkled with sesame seeds w/bbq chicken filling
Pastry was crispy with a slight sweetness and a mild bbq chicken filling. I've never had anything like this before, it was a good combo of sweet and savory. 2 pieces

Kung Pao Chicken - tender chicken slices stir fried with dry chillies and roasted cashew nuts, in a sweet & spicy sauce
Chicken was indeed tender, nice presentation, and big portion, I didnt find it very hot though.

Steamed rice

Overall service here was really good. They brought out dishes one at a time so we were not overwhelmed with dishes and asked before if that was ok with us. They kept the tables clear and glasses full. Dessert menu is lacking...they don't even have Green Tea ice cream here?? However waiters were really attentive and food comes out hot and fast and portions are reasonable especially for the price.笑
The service was very quick and attentive. The prices are reasonable for the area. We ordered the general tsos and Kung pao chicken, neither was anything to write home about, but it satisfied our hunger.笑
Great food! It was good quality Chinese food, clean restaurant, good presentation. They accommodated our two babies with strollers. Tried the chicken dumplings, fried shanghai noodles, pepper beef and general tsao chicken. Everything was tasty. The general tsao chicken was very spicy.笑
If you are in the Yorville area and happen to be craving for Chinese food, Lee Chen is probably your best bet.  The food is here is adequate, the wait staff here is more professional than those in Chinatown, the decor is nice, and the ambience is relaxing.

I stopped by here for lunch and I ordered the spicy beef noodle soup and soup dumplings.  The noodles were were good; they were the Taiwanese style that came with pickled vegetable you can put into your soup (which cuts the strong soy sauce flavour of the broth).  The noodles were nice and chewy and the chunks of beef loin and brisket were very tender.  I was disappointed by my soup dumplings because there was barely any "soup" in them.  I didn't get that surge of hot soup when I bit into one; I could actually just put the whole thing in my mouth and eat it like I would a normal dumpling.  Needless to say, it's a letdown when you're expecting something to be hearty and juicy but it falls flat (literally).  

I would come back again if I were too lazy to go to Asian Legend in Chinatown but I definitely won't be ordering the soup dumplings again.笑
Let me start with the positives: Location, interiors, ambience and service are all above average. These are what most Chinese restaurants in Richmond Hill / Markham lack and Lee Chen scored flying colours in these. 

Now, however, in terms of food - let me say that is a little underwhelming. The best one I tasted that night was the Dumpling soup (Siao Long Pau) and I would give that 8/10, the remainder of the dishes are just average - 6 at most including the Spareribs, Szechuan Shrimp, Almond Fish. Some of the dishes are so sweet that it's something that you could literally get from Mandarin. There's just nothing special to it and definitely not an authentic attempt at Chinese cuisine. It's probably a Chinese fusion dishes. If you're not familiar with Chinese dishes, this would be the place to go.

Also, they charge $2 for hot teas? What Chinese restaurant in Toronto would charge for hot tea? I don't mind paying $2 and we did in fact with no qualm but I'm sure there are people who got turned off a little he moment they learn they have to pay for hot tea.笑
Super nice environment , delicious authentic meals . I wish there are more chinese restaurants like this in Toronto笑
My first encounter was delivery to the office on a late work night, and I wasn't immediately impressed with my Shanghai noodles. The noodles were chewy and not your average udon in disguise, but delivery meant everything was tangled and squished into the packed (reuseable!) takeout box. Fortunately the noodles weren't spicy, so at least it meant I had plenty to spare for lunch the next day.

My second visit was lunch on a slow Friday at work. This time I opted to dine in, and the experience was quite different. The front of the store worried me about whether there would be seating available, but I was happy to find the store to be quite deep and there was about 50-60 seats in total. The lunchtime wait was still something, particularly because there was a walk-in of a 15-person party that they couldn't turn down. Have some patience or opt to try your luck elsewhere, though the wait was probably no more than 30 minutes for a party of two at 1:00pm.

I ordered the pork meatballs with noodle soup, it sounded promising and pork meatballs are a classic northern dish. The meatballs came served on the side with lots of sauce, and the noodle bowl was a good portion. The soup was just a simple broth, but the meatball sauce provided more than enough flavour. I was very happy with the texture of the noodles - chewy and fresh, and didn't get mushy at all to the very end of my meal. For under $15 this was great quality for price, and I have to agree it had a fairly authentic flavour for where Lee Chen's is located.

Service does require you to do some flagging, but the lunchtime rush meant many servers will drop by to ensure you're moving along with your visit in a timely manner - making sure you order as soon as you are ready, asking if you need anything else, asking if all the food has arrived, etc. Don't hang out for too long, and try not to have a long catch-up lunch session here - it'll be loud anyways.

Overall, I had no complaints and was pleasantly surprised by the quality of food and service - definitely revisiting when I have the time!笑
TASTY FOOD! COMFORT AMBIANCE! GOOD LOCATION! 
quite delicious shanghai dim sum here! their soup dumplings are classic and local！xiao long boa! I am excited to find soup dumplings are not been "westernized"!
Next time I'll try the CHINESE CRULLERS
(Youtiao) & soy bean milk!
BTW their Original green bubble tea are the best I have ever tried in Toronto!笑
Asian Bistro disappointed me. The dishes are priced far beyond their value and you leave feeling like you ate a pound of salt. My dining partner and I had pork soup dumplings, shrimp and chicken steamed siu Mai, and crispy pork belly.

The dumplings were uninspiring and bland. The soup wasn't as flavourful as it should have been and the texture of the dough was plasticky. The pork belly was incredibly salty, although nice and chewy. The shrimp/chicken steamed siu Mai left no impression, which I suppose is better than a negative one,

Service is fine. Decor is fine. Atmosphere is what you'd expect. For quite sub par Chinese food, the price will make you cringe. Will not return.笑
a little bit pricey. 
the interior is clean and chic
my friend and I ordered the soup dumplings, house soup rice cake and shrimp lettuce wrap.
The soup dumplings have thin skins and are juicy inside. They are delicious, but of course, not as good as those served at Joe's Shanghai(nyc).
the house soup rice cake really reminds me of China. The taste of home, finally! (Although it is over priced($11.95). )I will definitely go back for more.
The shrimp lettuce wrap has a crispy and refreshing taste with cubed carrots and celery.
In a word, Lee Chen is truly Chinese !笑
Have been coming here quite often these days.  Food is delicious and well prepared...there have been a couple of issues with service but it is good most of the time...and they have the dim sum menu which is also great if you're dining alone and don't want huge plates. The noise level can be quite loud at times especially in the back of the restaurant.  Some of my fav dishes are the pork dumplings, salt and pepper chicken and fried tofu...the spicy dishes have a great kick.  The misses are the noodle dishes...usually quite bland...by they make up for it with their desserts...very tasty.  My go to place when in the area.笑
The spicy beef noodle is mediocre at best and it's way too expensive. It cost $15.50 for a bowl!!! They put so less noodles and so much soup. This is just another example of Charidise that just opened not long ago.A nice looking place but so overpriced.笑
Came here for the first time today.  It was for lunch.  Interior is very big and clean.  Wait staff was friendly and attentive.
I had the beef brisket noodle soup.  It was delicious.  My friends all took the lunch options, and they all enjoyed it.
I would come back for lunch in a heartbeat since it is tasty and the price is reasonable.
Did find the menu a little pricey for dinner.笑
Got dandan mien and xialongbao. Decent flavour, but I personally felt the noodles were too salty and the sauce-to-noodle ratio was too high. Xiaolongbao were great, and the soup was inside the dumplings as promised.笑
The food was amazing and got to our table in less than 15 minutes. servers were very nice. Everything we had was great but the shrimp curry was out of this world delicious will definitely go back next time I'm in yorkville.笑
I was very disappointed by my second visit, like another reviewer. Food quality has definitely gone downhill but the service quality is what has deteriorated the most. Got one of the main course dishes WAAYY later than other dishes, and each time we needed a server we had to spend a long, long time trying to get their attention. Had to finally walk up to the server. Hope they buck up!笑
I recommend the Dan Dan noodles, $6.25 it is really filling and hits the spot.  I always grab one to go when i'm in the area.  It even tastes good cold after having it in the fridge.  The staff is always friendly whenever I go.笑
Came in quickly for a late night bite at 9:30. Despite the fact they close at 10 and I though the staff would be irritable, they welcomed me with open arms and immediately sat me. I had never tried a majority of things on the menu (I'm used to the Americanized version of Chinese food), but the waitress was very nice and happily explained what everything was and recommended her favourites.

I tried the Soup Dumplings (Xiao Long Bao), Salt and Pepper Chicken, and Hot and Sour Soup. Everything came out very fast and nice and hot! The soup came first, and I was surprised at its portion size (it's rather large for a starter), but tasted very good! I wish it came without the chicken, but the broth was so nice and the veggies were cooked well. 

Next came the soup dumplings. I have never had them before, and they were happy to show me the proper way to eat them! The pork inside was delicious, and the broth and dough were at a great ratio. From what I've seen online though, they had much less broth than other dumplings. 

Lastly, the salt and pepper chicken was a great add on. Though it did off-balance the rest off the meal, their crispiness, juiciness and saltiness would be perfect to go with drinks or to indulge in between friends late at night. 

After my meal, they did not rush me (despite closing time) and were very nice. I had such a great, welcoming experience and plan to go back soon!笑
This place is overpriced and the food is quite salty. However, I still really like the Szechuan fish ($14.95). The fish is very tender and garlic-y. This combo comes with rice, Edamame and a spring roll. Their Pan Fried Shrimp, Pork & Garlic Chives Dumplings ($7.50 for 6) are pretty good too.笑
You know what? See my previous review but I think I was too harsh on them before.  Their presentation is good, they are consistent and have good service. It's no Congee Queen but probably best Chinese in the area笑
This has been our go to for ages since it's a block away from home.  If you want easy access Chinese food this is your place.  They say judge the bathrooms as an indication of what the kitchen is like, so everything is clean, and you'll get your food freshly prepared and hot.   We always order the same things, and I'm usually all about the starters.  The steam dumplings, salt and pepper chicken, tofu and scallion noodles are all good from the start.  Rice cake soup is really really good too.  Try it and tell me what you think.笑
Delicious food, the most charming wait staff, and great prices... three important reasons that Lee Chen has become one of my family's favourite places to eat in Toronto.笑
This restaurant is such a lovely place with well-priced lunch options, a beautiful presentation, very quick service, and a clean and cozy dining experience. As upset as I am that this restaurant is closing down in Yorkville for yet another condo, I am excited to see it reopen on King/University! 

Also - delicious. I would love to see more vegetarian options.笑
Ordered Xiao Long Bao and spicy beef soup noodle. Both were decent. Clean and nice decor. It would be a good place for quick lunch break when shopping in the Bloor area.笑
Love coming here! For the price the food is just always delicious. Even the location is great. Everything from the soup to the fried rice is great. Literally my go to Asian restaurant for a causal dining/lunch.笑
I love dim sum but this shanghai style restaurant was very impressive. I had the xiao Lon bao and the peanut sauce noodle with chicken. Amazing! I'm currently obsessed with Taiwanese food and they had some good selection of that as well. My friend ordered the spicy beef noodle soup and loved how the beef was so tender and the soup wasn't overly spicy. The noodle itself was my fav! I may be wrong but I think it was handmade :) 

The dessert Tang Yuan is my current obsession and was excited when I saw this on the menu! (It's like Mochi with sweet sesame paste inside)

To top it off, the price was extremely reasonable so overall I was very happy with the experience here. Will highly recommend! The location is convenient too! :) right by Yonge/bloor station.笑
I bought voucher for this deal because I am a fan of authentic dumpling house, and had the chance to come dine with my gf.

When entered, my gf and I def liked the appearance and decor of this place. It reminds us of old chinese movies when ppl having tea and such.
We were greeted by a friendly server who was very helpful in recommendation and we started off by ordering a Pina Colada drink and a bubble milk tea (without bubbles). Both drinks were good.

Since we have $20 for $40 value of voucher, we splurged a bit on items to enjoy. We got 2 orders of 'Xiao Long Bao' which is soup filled dumplings. This is just as good as 'Dumpling King', although the skin is not as thin as 'Ding Tai Fung' back when it was a hit, nevertheless, it is still yummy. 

2nd dish was the pan fried shrimp dumplings. (6pcs) good size dumpling. Perfect crispy skin and good filler inside with a bit of soup in it as well.

3rd dish was the Szechuan Shrimp with garlic. Tiger size shrimp with about 12+pieces and it tasted fresh and delicious.

4th dish was the best dish of the night and the BEST braised meatballs we have eaten at a restaurant PERIOD! Its a juicy pork meatballs braised in clear broth served with bok choy. The meatball had sweet flavour and was super uber tender on the inside. 

On to desserts: Fried banana top with chocolate syrup and peanut. This was a really well done fried banana.
Also had their rice ball with peanuts that had black sesame on the inside. Its really chewy and soft.

In the end we went over the bill of our voucher and spent an extra $40+ but it was really good. Next time we are gonna try their other signature dish like their Crystal Pork Stew and their twice cooked pork.

Service was impeccable and delightful
Food was really good all the way
Price is reasonable
Location is a bit hidden and just needs great exposure.

I will come dine here even without vouchers!笑
I agree with Christian P. I myself also noticed the quality of food is going downhill. They used to use sushi rice, now they just use those cheap long grain rice....very disappointing..笑
I came here a few years ago when they first opened and I wasn't impressed with how their food tasted and service was pretty bad too. However, I am very impressed with how far they've improved. Although they haven't improved on their service. Oh well.

Upon entering, you'd notice a very zen Chinese decor. It's a very relaxing dining environment. 

We ordered Xiao Long Bao, Green Onion Pancake, Crystal Pork Belly, and Guai Guai Chicken. 

I'd say their soup dumplings are one of the best I've had in DT Toronto. The skin was thin and silky. The filling was of a good portion where it didn't create a heavy chunks of pork and it made the soup oozed out nicely. 

The pancake, wasn't my favorite. I found it a little boring but my friends liked it. 

The crystal pork belly was really good. It was soft and tender and the flavor was spot on. I personally don't like fatty pork. The fatty layer was almost too much for me. I got more fat than meat. That's just me and I would order it again for sure. 

Lastly, the Guai Guai chicken. It looked simple but the flavour was dancing in my mouth. The sauce reminded me of "Lou Sang" a Chinese New Year dish. 

All and all, I would definitely go back and have some decent Chinese food. They do have more sophisticated and better tasting Chinese food, which you can hardly find in Chinatown.笑
They changed their shrimp chow mein recipe.  It's not as good as before, but it was still good.  Regular size shrimp.笑
Lee Chen is one of the most underrated restaurants in Toronto. It's really good, the decor is great and it's food is delicious. It's fun, cheap and really awesome. Despite some flaws, Lee Chen is great.笑
Great food. Served fast. Tasty. Lots of options to choose from. Not greasy dirty food like Chinese food court food. Enjoyed my time dining. The ambiance is nice. Clean and the staff is friendly and helpful. I am a frequent diner here and look forward to it every time!笑
I was too lazy to go to Chinatown or Markham so I searched for a place that offered XLB in the Yorkville area and Lee Chen is pretty much the only one that popped up on yelp.
Ordered some snacks:
- XLB
Not bad for xlb outside chinatown and markham 
- salt & pepper chicken
Meh... It lacked flavour, I had to dip it in the garlic soy sauce
- fried tofu with garlic soy sauce
The tofu was crispy and hot, but it wasn't seasoned so the sauce helped

It is nicely decorated with booths at the front and more group dining at the back. The service was fast and friendly. I would like to come back to try their main entrees.笑
I've been here several times and the food is pretty reliable. Not the best I've ever had, but pretty decent. If you want to take friends that are not familiar with Chinese food, this is a pretty easy place for them to experience it. The soup dumplings are on par with what I've had at Asian Legend, though with limited options and not as good as what I had in Shanghai. If you come here, order the bao with shredded pork. It's something you have to assemble, but it's delicious.

Service is usually pretty good and it's one of the nicer, cleaner Asian places in the area.笑
Lee Chen undoubtedly makes much of their dough on the unfailing lunch hour flow from the surrounding office buildings. Their "Business Lunch" menu ($11-14, extra for options) capitalizes on it, with an array of pre-made meals that include:

- a small bowl-size portion of one of their popular dishes - Kung Pao, General Tso, sweet and sour, Szechuan, green curry, etc. (I go for shrimp or fish)
- side of white rice
- three pieces of canned fruit à la Chef Del Monte
- a veggie spring roll
- a literal sample of the world's least Asian salad (two pieces of broccoli in mayo), which they refer to as "seasonal greens" because it's always nice to have a lil' laugh to start off your meal.

As noted by all the previous reviews, it's overpriced. But the food is tasty and the clean, up-ish-scale decor works well for...well, a Business Lunch (though you should be prepared to take a number and wait in the cramped doorway if you show up during the rush). If it's just value and "Chinatown" ambiance you're looking for, Dumpling Queen down the street might be more suitable for you.

BEVERAGE ALERT: For all my soulmates (i.e. natural ginger beer aficionados) out there, they have bottles of Bruce Cost Ginger Ale! *Jay-Z hands emoji*笑
Northen Chinese food on the edge of Yorkville. Seems like a fast-paced, "fast food" joint. Nice Chinese style decor inside. Can get busy be prepared to share tables. 

Service was pretty good, even though we saw that they forgot one order next to us and one of the dishes we ordered as well. Seems like during busy times they need to improve their system a bit. Food was decent. We ordered a Shanghai fried noodle, the portion was on the small side ($11.95) and the noodle was a flat noodle not the type we were used to. It tasted okay, but I thought it lacked the usual flavour. I also ordered a Shredded chicken and green been noodles, it's a cold platter and it's supposed to be an appetizer. But it didn't come until after we were almost finished the noodles and of course we had to remind them that we were missing a dish. But it was tasty and reasonable portion for the price of $6.25. 

This is a good place to go to if you are in the area and if you are craving Chinese food, just be aware that they might forget your order once in a while.笑
We really enjoyed our dinner here tonight. Having just moved into the neighbourhood it is good to know that there is a good Chinese restaurant nearby. The place is very contemporary in decor. The service is good and quick. The food is very tasty and hot.  We loved the king mushroom and pea shoots as well as the black pepper beef. The Lee Chen fried rice was great as it wasn't greasy. 

We'll be back in the future again to try more things on their menu.笑
The food is slightly better than the Chinese food you find in a mall. 

The bigger problem is that the restaurant doesn't put any vegetables in their food.   And even when you find some, it's thinly shredded pieces of the cheapest vegetables like onions and carrots.

If you're just looking for some noodles or rice with some veggies, look elsewhere.  It's all onion.  They're too cheap to put any actual vegetables in their food.笑
Canada never let me know on Chinese food. 

A friend lives in Toronto recommended this Shanghainese food place to us. It looks tiny from the outside but actually pretty big inside.

The soup filled dumpling is more of a "OK" dish. It could be more flavorful than what we had. King mushroom sautéed pea shoots is super good. The mushroom is very fresh and tasty and works perfect with the pea shoots. Wuxi Spareribs is super good! It's one of these dished you'd remember for a while after eating. The ribs were perfect cooked, tender but flavorful. Crystal pork belly is impressive too, if you don't mind eat something a bit greasy. The sauce and everything in the dish is just perfect. 

I'm surprised people just gave a 3.5 star to this restaurant. I'm totally happy with my experience here.笑
I started a new job in the yonge and bloor area, so naturally I searched the area to find good dives in the area that serve a quick lunch. I met up with a few friends at Lee Chen after reading their reviews. They are very time conscientious which is GREAT when you only have a half hour for lunch. I ordered the shangai fried noodle. I was told that they only had egg noodle or rice noodle that day. I opted for the egg noodle when the waitress informed me that this was the thicker noodle. Of course the substitution was not what I had expected. Being the good sport I am, I ate it anyway. We all ended up sharing our meals. A friend of mine had the sweet and sour chicken and the shrimp dumplings which were good. We did have to remind the waitress several times, that we ordered a side of rice with one of the dishes. The food is overall good but a bit all over the place with the service. Definitely recommend this place for a quick lunch and NOT a dinner!笑
My friend and I were both hungry and we were around this area so...we decided to try this restaurant. 

The restaurant has nice decoration and the service is pretty good. The staffs are friendly and nice. They let my friend charge her phone in the back (where the kitchen is; and not all chinese restaurant will let you do that). 

The food portions were decent. We ordered pork belly over rice, noodle soup (beef, baby boxchoy), and shaomai. The rice was pretty good, even it's listed under appetizer,  my friend and I got half-fulled finishing it. The soup was yummy. It was big, I couldn't finish  it myself. It came in a big bowl, the meat was very tender. The broth was good yet a bit plain. But few drops of soy sauce makes it better. The shao mai was okay, too salty for me. 

The price was reasonable for a nice, upscale Chinese restaurant with good customer service and for high quality, authentic Chinese food.

I will definitely come back here.笑
I bought a coupon for this place as I've never had the mandarin style soup dumplings.  
I went with a friend who has tried them so he could tell me what he thinks.
We ordered some snow pea shoots with king mushrooms, pork ribs (can't remember the sauce), dan dan noodles in peanut sauce, shanghai? style rice cakes.  I think that's it.
Now the dumplings were smaller (my friend said ) than he's used to.  However, he liked that the wrappers were thinner as well.  So overall he thought they were very tasty.  I thought that they were a bit shy in the filling as I was thinking i would be more in them but it was my first time.
The ribs were okay.  My friend like them.
The snow peas shoot were fresh and nicely done. (cantonese style -garlic sauce)
the dan dan noodles were tasty and spicy though I think a few shredded vegetables would had added to the dish.
The stir fry rice cakes my friend thought were heavy.  They are, I've had them as you can buy them in the korean grocery store (frozen section) and I've used them in soups, stir fries and yes they are heavy but I like them,.

Service is decent.  
Atmosphere is very nice.  They did a great job as it was cozy in there.

I would go back if I'm in the neighbourhood.  My friend lives nearby so he plans on going back when he wants chinese food.笑
Totally under-rated. Their ribs are great, as are their soup dumplings. Eaten here 4-5 times. Wife loves their bubble tea. Service is good, and the setting is clean and modern. Good quality.笑
Most of what we ordered (soup dumplings, hot and sour soup, and black pepper beef with fried noodles) was like any other cheap and cheerful greasy Chinese food. I would much rather go around the corner to Dynasty.笑
Lee Chen has become one of my favorite staples in the neighborhood for Chinese food. I come here mainly for the soup dumplings, which are absolutely delicious and satisfies my soup dumpling cravings without having to drive all the way out to BFE for DTF (that's ButtF***Egypt -- aka Markham -- and Ding Tai Fung, if you're not acronymically inclined). The dumplings are small, bite-sized, and filled with porky broth and meaty filling. It's like having an inside-out wonton soup. :) So nom-tastic.

The rest of the menu is good, but not as good as the soup dumplings. The siu mai is large and meaty, and the Lee Chen Fried Rice is fresh and filling. The black bean beef is a bit too salty for my taste, though. I keep wanting to try the Wuxi spareribs, but every time I go to Lee Chen, I stuff too many of the soup dumplings in my face-hole and then unfortunately get too full to order spareribs! (First world problems!)

Service has always been great at Lee Chen. Attentive, but never annoying. I just realized while I was writing this review that they also deliver. Yay!笑
*more of a 3.5 stars*

Lee Chen is deceptively small from the outside and surprisingly gigantic on the inside. We arrived a little before dinner time so we could sit anywhere, but at around 6 pm the entire restaurant was packed. The interior is really chic and I love how clean everything is- as well, the washroom is super nice! 

We ordered a few appetizers and a main course. The waitress was attentive- she made sure our water glasses were always full and she cleared our plates immediately. The food arrived within minutes and the serving size was good enough to split between the two of us. The food itself tasted alright- nothing special, but decent enough to keep us full.

It's Shanghai cuisine, and I haven't seen a lot of places that sell Chinese cruller donuts or soup dumplings in Toronto, so it's worth visiting Lee Chen to eat them. They're not the Best I've Ever Had! but they're good for a quick bite. 

Tip: order more appetizers (soup dumplings etc)  and less main courses (rice cakes, noodles etc)笑
Fabulous service.  Food was extremely fresh-especially the veggie dumplings. Very inviting and warm atmosphere.笑
Been here twice for lunch and the place was busy both times. The atmosphere is buzzing and all the servers seem busy.  The interior design is Asian inspired with the wooden chairs and tables. Be sure to make reservations for a big group because it's packed during lunch. The service was mediocre, good thing the standard for the food was much higher.

Ordered noodles both times because noodles are definitely preferred over rice dishes. The first time there was definitely leftovers that had to be brought home. Even the family agreed that the crystal pork was amazing. The noodles on the other hand were plain with a lot of bean sprouts. The pork was the star and saved the noodles. The spicy beef noodle was great. The beef was tender, the soup had just enough spice and the noodles had the perfect texture, just the right amount of bite. Combined together it's something definitely worth ordering again. The portions are on the bigger side but that matches the cost.

Don't forget the fortune cookie on the way out. Overall, will definitely be back again for lunch.笑
A little bit pricey, but the quality of their food is really good. I usually come here for lunch with my parents since it is a nicer setting and the food is higher quality. It does have a bit more of a western feel to it since they have fortune cookies everywhere and you have to pay for tea. 

I probably wouldn't come here myself, but if you have some nicer company and want a better looking Chinese restaurant with better service id choose here.笑
The interior is nice! the green onion pancake was nice and flaky, but too thick and pan fried a little too long. the soup dumplings were nice, but didn't amaze me. The crystal pork belly was absolutely fantastic. tasty tasty sauce, and rich succulent fat, and it came with bok choy! It was a heavy dish though, recommend sharing it and eating it with rice. Their service could have been better, it took us a while to flag them down, but they weren't rude.笑
Don't bother with take-out! 
That'll teach me to not check Yelp before ordering! I had a serious hankering for Chinese food this morning and had to wait hours for restaurants to open to satiate said hunger. I placed an order through orderit so I could go about my day (of rewatching Lost from the beginning). SO DISAPPOINTED (in the food, not in Lost). This is absolutely not the place to get your Chinese food fix from. I wanted to go all out with food but it was a waste of $50 on 2 combos and an order of mixed veg. I wanted enough food to feed 2 of us for 2 meals. This barely fed us for 1.  We ordered General Tso combo and Crystal Pork Belly combo. The veggies that came with it? 2 pieces of broccoli. 
Waste of money and food was only okay. But I'd say a lot is my fault for not checking what kind of restaurant it really is, but I won't be ordering take-out from here again.