The place is old and run down. We ordered apple juice to the tune of 2.99 and no free refills. It wasn't even cold I had to ask for ice. The only thing we ordered that was good was the Philly Cheese Steak. The hash browns and home fries had no flavor at all. Completely bland. The gravy for the biscuits and gravy had no flavor. Very expensive for poor quality.Ǿ
The wait staff was nice. I ordered a burger that came with a moldy bun. When I told the waitress the cook only sent me a fresh bun rather than remaking the burger. I refused to eat it a got a hassle when I told them I wasnt going to pay. On the way out I peeked in the kitchen. It was dirty. Not just new dirt but nasty buildup around the grill and fryers.Ǿ
We ate On a Tuesday around 4pm.  We had the Mexican style steak and Steak and shrimp meals with hashbrowns applesauce mashed potatoes salad and coleslaw. Everything was pretty good reasonably priced. Mashed potatoes were a little cold so it's a 4 star rating. Service was good she did everything we needed before we could even ask. We had desert. My hubby had deep fried cheesecake which he liked and I had Strawberry shortcake which I very much recommend.Ǿ
Open 24/7 and chicken fried steak was delicious!!! Server was very friendly and because I was getting some work done she didn't hover over my table which I appreciated.Ǿ
If you're looking for a nice little hole-in-the-wall with excellent food and service, don't go here! I'm still trying to decide what was worse, the food or the service. We walked in and there was no one to greet us. We stood there looking at all the empty tables while watching the Hostess laugh with the servers. She finally noticed us after a few minutes and sat us at our filthy table. I made the mistake of ordering the corned beef hash with a side of biscuits and gravy. First off, if you don't have good biscuits and gravy, don't hype me up on how popular and amazing it is. I don't know if the waitress was blowing smoke or if she genuinely thinks that is considered good biscuits and gravy lol. If so, I feel bad for her and she needs to get to a Bob Evans immediately. Second off, don't tell me I can't substitute my sons bacon or sausage with toast. As a matter of fact, if I'm paying for my meal and tipping you 25%, don't tell me that I can't fucking do anything and don't argue with me, find me a fucking solution. Their corned beef hash was the worst I've ever had. Their water tasted like tap water, their chocolate milk was awful, their hash browns were bland, their gravy was disgusting, their biscuits were from a can, they don't use real butter AND my sons pancakes smelled like raw dough as I was cutting them up for him. Last thing I'm going to say and just a little tip for our horrible waitress, once you take my order, go put my fucking order in. Don't go behind me and take the next people's order. Don't refill someone's coffee. Don't bring someone silverware. Put my fucking order in. Took this bitch literally 6 minutes to put my order in. I don't even know how that little dump is still in business. Gordon Ramsay would tear that shithole down with his bear hands and buttfuck every one of their shitty employees. And the last thing, to the guy in the parking lot of The Place this morning who recommended this place to me and my family, fuck you.Ǿ
The place looks run down and dirty. The bathrooms stank like sewer. As we were eating I saw an employee walking past the diner towards the bathroom with a toilet plunger in his hand, yuck they should keep those things in the bathroom. Not going there again.Ǿ
Great place for cheap homestyle breakfast! It is a bit rundown but makes if feel more homey I think.Ǿ
We're in town for a graduation and spent the day up at the Grand Canyon.  Trying to get out of the storm that caught us off guard we didn't want to stop for dinner until we got off the mountain.  By the time we got to Phoenix it was 11:30 pm.  We were driving around looking for someplace to eat when we happened to find Country Boys.  The service was fantastic; Rita was very friendly.  She brewed a fresh pot of decaf just for me and kept it my cup full and hot.  We had breakfast; Belgian waffle and an omelet. Both were great!Ǿ
We just moved to this side of town and instantly found Coutry Boys....though the food is not "amazing", it is pretty good. The portion sizes are more reasonable than other places that seem to super size everything. The prices are great and you can't beat the buy 1 get 1 free coupons they give out everytime you go in. Oh, and the staff is wonderful! They always welcome you with a smile and remember you. This has become our new family favorite!Ǿ
First visit here. I want to be able to say good things, so some of the positives....

~Our server was pleasant. She gave us good service and checked on us a few times.
~The menu has a nice selection for breakfast, lunch and dinner.
~Breakfast is served all day.

Having said that, this place is dated. The sign outside said they remodeled, but it looks like a place my mom worked in the seventies. 

The food is okay. Mostly homestyle, blue plate special kind of entrees. I ordered a salad with grilled chicken. It was a nice size with sliced chicken, sliced tomatoes, hard boiled egg, and cheese on iceberg lettuce. Overall, it was fresh, but the chicken had absolutely no seasoning. My friend suggested they don't season things due to the number of elderly that eat here. The cheese was imitation cheese, which I don't like. We also ordered a Philly Cheese Steak sandwich with a side of peaches. It had quite a bit of meat on it, but the bun was soggy causing it to fall apart.

Prices seem high for the quality of food, however they do have breakfast specials and free ice cream from 11am-2pm.

I might consider coming back to try their breakfast, but doubt it.Ǿ
this place is one of the few places that still acts like what it is. It feels like a mom and pop place. The wait staff is friendly and you feel like you stepped into "Mel's Diner", with Flo and the gang all there. They cook eggs to perfection. The hash browns are the absolute best I have had in Phoenix. Again the biscuits and gravy are typical west coast blah, but they are better than most out here. Excellent bacon (crispy like I like it, never soggy) Pancakes are great too. $2.99 for breakfast? What a great deal. For the money, I have not found a better breakfast in the Phoenix area, or the entire state for that matter. I recommend Country Boys to anyone that asks. Its the first place my father wants to go when he lands in Phx.Ǿ
meh, got stuck with some one who had a stick up their rear for breakfast at 2 in the afternoon. I will admit the service is excellent, and for the prices charged, well you get what you pay for.
 I just don't like instant potatoes and caned mushrooms and instant gravy. Just be wary of what you order, if any of the above bother you. But other wise not a bad place to go if your hungry and want inexpensive food .Ǿ
My fiance has been coming here for breakfast with his dad and brother for quite some time and on Saturday morning we went for breakfast together for the first time. We were seated immediately and Kristen was our server. While the decor is a little outdated and there is a faint cigarette smell (I'm sure left over from the days you could smoke in restaurants), everything was clean. She got our drinks right away and checked on us multiple times by the time we were ready to order. Our coffee was always kept full and hot and she was very attentive. My fiance ordered the Porker Skillet and I had the French Toast special. We got our food extremely fast and when I pointed out that I had the wrong eggs (I had ordered scrambled, but got over-medium), Kristen's response was immediately "You're right", she took my plate and returned in under 5 minutes with my perfect order. I was very impressed with the quality of the food (can you go wrong with French toast?) as was my fiance. The bite I stole of his skillet was delicious and it appears that their biscuits are homemade. While outdated and a little dingy, they women's bathroom was also very clean and tidy. They also give you a page of awesome 2-for-1 coupons that will be bringing us back. The restaurant was fairly busy as is expected on a Saturday morning, but it wasn't loud. It appears that the clientele is made of of regulars and elderly patrons. It was a very pleasant meal with great food for under $25. We will be back.Ǿ
Time for dinner they brought us our salad and how could you posible be in your right mind to serve witled lettuce and browning lettuce thst wad so apparent you coudnt miss it. We never went back no web soght to complain to either how convenient. Will never return.Ǿ
Never ever going back. The place stinks like cigarettes and the service is terrible. The food is mediocre, ihop may be better. Definitely wouldn't suggest to a friend.Ǿ
Great food and big portions. my only gripe is that the place is dated and the booths seemed wore out . food takes a little while to come out, but i did not mind because it was deliciouse and fresh.Ǿ
if you take a napkin and rub the top of the tables in that side room, it makes the napkin BLACK from the dirt of not being washed for years.  crusty's around edge of table and seats are falling apart.    I would think during slow times they would at least go around and clean.  the one on 32nd st and greenway much cleaner although they have their own seats falling apart problem.. they are just much cleaner.Ǿ
I took my country boy to this truck stop diner on the way to the sportsmen's expo. The sevice was friendly and the food fast. They even gave us a two for one coupon to use on the spot. We wanted to like this place, but the truck stop atmosphere was matched with truck stop food. We'll keep driving.Ǿ
we went to  eat here and the service was awful and my hamburger meat and bun were burnt and the frys were overcooked and hard just bad overallǾ
I love this place. Service is always better here than at other places. Food is great. But I do feel like it's a bit pricey for the food you orddr, which would be fine if this were a no-tip establishment. Every now and then though they have great coupon deals like two for one breakfast lunch and dinner. Great place to take some god damned woman who isn't going to think you're an asswipe for using a coupon on her. So, your mother, basically.Ǿ
I like this place. I like the specials here. Some observations. The place is old looking with mostly old people. I just don't think that is a big deal. It's what it is. It's clean in here. Nice server. My first coffee was somewhat cold. She got me a fresh pot. They have no splenda but that is more of a personal preference then anything. They had sweet and low. Overall it's good.Ǿ
I have been coming here for many years. the food is good for the money. the coupons make it even better. breakfast is always good no matter what you order. 

the all you can eat fish on Friday is a good deal as well. with the buy 1 get 1 coupon it is a bargain. without the coupon I'd prefer to go to village inn for their fish fry but i wasn't disappointed either.

the ambience is homely in a good way. its quiet and a good place to have a meal in peace.Ǿ
i give one star because i have to give something my family and i went to this place around midnight and the food was ok not great but the service was horrible i can over look cold food. our appetizers came out after the rest of the food we ordered. the restaurant was pretty much empty and the waitress came to check on our table only once or twice when we complained about the service we were told there was no reason for it. WILL NEVER GO HERE AGAIN!Ǿ
First all kind and fast service. Good atmosphere the food was great. They have a bunch of options to choose from.Ǿ
I agree with Norm R. on this place, food wasn't earth shattering and although it was decent I thought going here would be super cheap.  I think I spent the same I would have at Denny's.  I can tell you that the coffee was awesome and I liked the atmosphere better than Denny's but I am not sure I would come back.  The eggs tasted like they had milk or something in them, they had a funny texture when in my mouth.  The pancakes were fantastic and the bacon was OK.Ǿ
Sometimes you CAN judge a book by its cover. This looks like a typical diner and indeed that's what it was. Even though the place was busy (Sunday breakfast time) I was immediately seated, the servers were friendly and everyone used the obligatory "hon" when addressing you, and the food came fast in spite of the busy time. Taste and quality of the food were typical for a diner - OK, not great, but the pancakes were definitely more than I could finish. Not as inexpensive as I though it would be: pancakes (3) with bacon and eggs and a cup of coffee came to a few cents short of 10 bucks! Very casual atmosphere: most of the folks here were attired like they were about to do some home gardening after breakfast.Ǿ
We used to frequent here when in college (open 24/7 was perfect) but it had been a while.  Well I'm happy to say its just as good as I remember.  The food is good.  Large portions.  The staff is super nice.  I see myself becoming a regular once again (but maybe during daylight hours lol).  Robbie was our waitress and she was fantastic.Ǿ
I had high hopes for this place but it was so gross! I ordered a veggie skillet, with an english muffin & bacon. The potatos were soggy with no flavor almost as if they were mashed. The tomatoes were light pink and also mushy. The mushrooms were cold canned mushrooms and the bell peppers were diced and had no flavor. The bacon tasted fine but was floppy and not even close to crispy. The english muffin tasted like regular toast and was soggy. The waitress was nice but not really all that pleasant.Ǿ
Sunday morning my husband and I wanted to go out to eat a hearty breakfast. We've eaten at this restaurant before, so we knew what to expect. This place is located in a run down strip mall, but has a very low key casual atmosphere. No dressing up required here. Slap on a ragged shirt and jeans, and you will fit in right at home. The place is open 24hrs, so if your out parting and want some grub you can stop in anytime. We arrived at around 8:30am in the morning. There was no wait time before being seated. 

  The place was pretty packed with people so we got seated in the back room. The restaurant is packed with booths from corner to corner. One thing you will notice right away when you sit down is the spacing from the seat to the table, it's very close and makes it a little uncomfortable if your not stick thin. Also sitting down and getting up takes some effort. I mean I'm not a beast but a couple more inches could help. I noticed this was a problem not only for our booth, but looked around and watched as others tried to squeeze into there spots as well. As we looked around the waitress seemed pretty slammed and a little worn out. These waitresses kind of remind me of the waitress from the show Alice, a little ruff around the edges. Our waitress was pretty fast at coming around to get our drink and breakfast orders. We were served two glasses of water right away. There menu has pretty much everything you would expect any breakfast place to have, so you'll end up with a classic plate. 

  I ordered the biscuit, egg, and sausage gravy plate, with some home fries. I think it was combo #1 for $6.99. The waitress asked if I wanted home fries or hash browns, I said home fries but got hash browns anyway.. Go figure. My husband ordered the omelet with sausage and cheese with some hash browns for the same price. Anyways, the place was packed so I thought for sure our food would take awhile. But no, it came out super quick and was two plates of a lot of food. No way could we eat everything. We started eating and it tasted like some good home cooking food. 
   
   I really don't expect much out of breakfast food, because an egg is an egg. The food was average, nothing to rave about. The service was quick, and we didn't have to wait like at the Good Egg or Denny's on a weekend for breakfast.Ǿ
Excellent! Fast service and great vittles!Ǿ
I had every intention of giving this place a chance.  Mostly because it doesn't look like the kind of place that people RAVE about after a meal.  Sometimes making a snap judgment is completely justified!

We were intially given a server that was not at all confident in her ability to perform her job even at the most basic of levels.  When she was asked about the "specials", she shrugged her shoulders and told us she didn't know about the ingredients or sides that were available.  I was still hanging in there and giving this place my all.  Afterall... she could have been new, having a terrible day OR goodness knows what she was going through that day?  Then the baby started screaming in the booth next to us and every server in the place ran for the hills, leaving the issue unaddressed.  PEOPLE!... if you have a crying baby, FOR THE LOVE... take the poor little thing outside and deal with the problem, don't force unsuspecting strangers to listen to it.  We opted for a changed of scenery within the restaurant after five minutes of non-stop crying and were moved into the main area of the restaurant and reassigned to a new server.

She no sooner finished warming my coffee (I use this term loosely, as it was more like colored water) before I glanced into the grill area which open for the whole restaurant to see.  This was the nightmare... I saw a rather large female cook with a tissue paper plug in her nose.  Anyone who's ever had a bloody nose knows that this is one of the few things you can do to passify the DRIPPING BLOOD!!  You would think a bloody nose would qualify one for a break until the bleeding subsided, wouldn't you??

I don't think i'll be able to bring myself to visit this place again!!  In the mean time... might I suggest some food safety training??Ǿ
This place is gross. The first thing I noticed was how greasy the floors were..We got seated in the back..kind of upstairs. The place is rundown and needs attention. The ceiling above was dripping water right in our booth! The food? Big portions of tasteless slop. Nothing was edible. The eggs had no flavor at all..Hashbrown portion huge, but again..a blob of mush underneath like nothing I've ever seen or tasted. There was cheese on my toast..were did that come from? We didn't eat but a few bites..I paid and tipped as the waitress was nice..but never going back. The place was packed so someone must like it..Not IǾ
Just don't. Even with buy one get one its expensive for what it is. Just went there tonight and it was DEAD only one other table, sat for 20 minutes and nobody acknowledged us so we left. Never again.Ǿ
This place is your run of the mill hole in the wall. Then you get the food! Awesome diner style food. Heat prices. If you think you won't like this place, at least try it. Bacon good!Ǿ
I don't like being scolded when I was trying to order something, This place is all old Cronies that look half dead, and the servers are career servers, who have been there forever, they are  Rude and burnt out on there jobs, the food is over priced for the quality, Sorry this place is not for me. I wont be back ever again!Ǿ
We have been patronizing this restaurant since the late 90's.  You can't find a better deal in town $2.99 for breakfast ?  Are you kidding me ?

$2.99 gets you two eggs, hash browns or home fries and your choice of bacon or sausage.  Add one additional item if you choose for .99 cents.

They have buy one get one free coupons as well.

Check them out !Ǿ
I thought I would give this place a shot considering the sign outside said newly remodeled. I'm not sure what's remodeled or how bad it looked before. 

I don't like being told I can't order something. If I don't want hash browns and want fruit don't look at me like I'm stupid.  

The pancakes were not cooked completely. In the middle the batter was running out. 

Never againǾ
Great Chicken fried steak and eggs. Gravy was perfect and meat was tender. Good ole boy restaurant.Ǿ
What 2.99 breakfast ?? I ask for a simple egg and bacon breakfast and the waitress pointed to the 8.99 choice. You would think she would offer the 2.99 offer you "read about" on yelp right? Nope not this place Bill was over $11 PLUS TIP!!!!! for a standard, eggs, bacon and coffee breakfast with no toast are you kidding me?  
Dodge this place.  No mention of any 2.99 breakfast at all and it was not on the menu. Dishonest advertising.Ǿ
Open 24 hours a day. Very cheap and they have great breakfast specials. So be prepared to be surrounded by senior citizens!  It's a down home cooking kinda place where you get what you pay for. Staff is always welcoming and friendly. We've only been for breakfast and have always left full and happy.  My only complaint is that their coffee leaves something to be desired.Ǿ
We have been here quite often, usually for breakfast on the weekends. This place has amazing food. But the great food is not what keeps us coming back, it's the awesome people that work there. Our favorite, Kristen, has a big heart, and it shows. She is an awesome person, and the biggest reason we enjoy coming here for breakfast.Ǿ
If your looking for quality breakfast, great customer service at a good price this is the place to go.  My family and I come here at least twice a month, and drive there all the way from Laveen.  Everytime you go there for breakfast they give you a coupon for a buy one get one free breakfast on the way out.  So our breakfast for 2 adults and 2 kids under 6 ends up costing us under $20 bucks.  The chicken friend steak and the steak and eggs are my favorite.Ǿ
YUCK!  The first thing I noticed was how grimy the ketchup bottle was at our table.  The menu itself was covered in funk.  My husband begged me to give it a try.  We ordered a "skillet" and waffle and shared.  The waffle was ok.  The skillet was terrible.  The potatoes were soggy, the mushrooms were obviously from a can (why?).  We didn't eat beyond the top egg layer.  My oldest got a waffle and youngest ordered 2 eggs ala carte.  The bill was $41!!!  For garbage!  We didn't even eat the majority of the skillet.  

I would not recommend this place.  Denny's is better and cheaper!