Predictably, it's a bit pricy, and I've had better gelato, but this is in the upper half of gelato shops, and a nice change from Babcock dairy and the Chocolate Shoppe down the block. Fantastic coconut gelato! Also, affogato is always awesome.Ǿ
It's pretty good. Reminds me of real Italian gelato. I remember when I first tried it it was amazing. Haven't been there for a while because I'm in Italy right now. And it truly resembles Italian gelato.Ǿ
Worst customer service ever! I stopped by the store today because I love the tiramisu flavor. However the guy there, I think his name is Collin ruined my experience and my day. I'm not sure he is being racist to Asian or what. My friend and I picked the flavor with the other girl who has been really professional and nice. And this guy spoke to us saying something I couldn't hear very well because of the noise around. He said to us saying he cannot hear what we said. And the other girl is about to hear but not him!? We ordered two waffle cones but we received one waffle cone and one sugar cone. So I asked the girls to exchange to waffle cone for us. Then this guy got super mad at us. He treated all the other American customers with professional customer service, but not us. I'm not sure if he has a problem or what. At the end before we leave, I asked for his name. He gave me a horrible altitude and asked me "what for?" I think I'll never stop by this store any more because of this guy's unprofessional customer service. And thanks to him for ruining my day!Ǿ
Gotta say. It looked like there were some interesting treats. But the flavor selection is not very creative. I expected more from a "artisan" gelato shop. Tasty but most likely won't go again, socks still on my feet.Ǿ
This place is great because it offers something different than your typical Chocolate Shoppe in Madison - real gelato. But not only that, it feels like a different place. Maybe it's the hype I give it in my mind, but there's just something appealing about knowing you're getting real gelato.

They are really good about mixing up the flavor options, and I would say they give Chocolate Shoppe a run for their money in that regard. I feel like there is something I haven't tried every time I go in here.

The downside? Price. You get what you're paying for, which is why I'm not here every day. But that can be a good thing as well...I only like buying quality, if I can help it.Ǿ
After Paciugo went out of business, La Coppa has now taken up all the locations in Madison where Paciugo used to be. According to the onsite staff, their gelato is made of "all natural ingredients" and concocted by their second generation Grand Masters from Germany. 

They were generous with flavor sampling, and we finally chose the Mozart, dragon fruit, and vanilla. I recommend all of these flavors.  I won't try to describe them - go sample them yourself!

If you buy more than one scoop, you can get an espresso drink for an additional $1. Three scoops total plus an americano set us back $10. Beside the fine flavors, there's a punch card incentive - 12 purchased items gets you a freebie. 
 
La Coppa on State St. may just be my go-to place for frozen treats this summer.Ǿ
I love gelato. The way it's presented is always very pretty and there are no shortages of creative flavor combinations. They even had a flavor made out of algae (Spiruli?). It sounds gross but it tasted like marshmallows :) They have a great selection of sorbets as well, with amazing flavors like Grapefruit Rosa, Blood Orange, Passion Fruit, Strawberry and Raspberry. The girl working the counter was really awesome at explaining all the flavors (the Italian names offer no hint as to what the flavor was) and offered us as many samples as we wanted. Her recommendations were pretty good. La Coppa also has a punch card which lets you get a free cone after 12 punches or something. I will be back to try those other sorbet flavors!Ǿ
I have been to Italy and have had their gelato. In fact, I was so inspired by the flavors there I bought my own Italian gelato making machine and only use the freshest ingredients. The flavors at this shop met my expectations! Fabulous! Pricey but fabulous. (Wish I could have two flavors in the junior size)Ǿ
They have really great flavors. Lemon-basil was so refreshing and light!  The servers behind the counter were very friendly and passed the samples out liberally!  My kids also really enjoyed the chocolate gelato. The place was very clean, with a nice restroom. I wish it had a diaper changing station in there, though.Ǿ
When I read the other reviews after finding La Coppa on Yelp, I couldn't wait to try them out, having had gelato both in Italy AND Germany!! Always enjoyed the "Spaghetti Eis" and my favorite gelato flavor was hazelnut. La Coppa did not disappoint! If you're in the area, it will be worth your time to pay them a visit. My mark down was only because the servers could have at least pretended to enjoy their job. Other than that, if I lived closer, this place would be a regular stop!!Ǿ
It was hot out and I needed something cold and sweet. This place was the perfect fit. This is the closest to real gelato I have been able to get since being in Italy. The sea salt caramel was like biting into a salted caramel. It was really the smoothest gelato. My husband had the whisky gelato he really liked the tang that the gelato had. I would come back in a heartbeat.Ǿ
This isn't the best gelato place I've ever had, but it is the best gelato place in town. It is a touch more than I'm typically willing to pay for gelato though. It doesn't stop me from only eating their gelato, but it does stop me from going more often. They have some really great flavors, but their best flavors from years past are either gone or have gone down in quality. I always loved getting a cup split three ways with my go to's, rose and wedding cake, and  then trying something new with the third. Unfortunately rose is gone and wedding cake has been rather bland the past handful of times. On the other hand, there have been some amazing regular additions. Their basil fruit combinations, for example, are some of the most unusual delicious flavors I've ever had.

I'd recommend checking it out to see if it's your thing. Make sure to give yourself some ample time to try all the flavors!Ǿ
Excellent texture to the gelato. The staff is friendly and generous with sample spoons! Flavor combinations with multiple scoops are the way to go. The flavors cycle in and out, so if you don't see a favorite, it may be well and present another day.

Best with groups of 2-4; not much seating, but what's there is comfortable.

EDIT: updated to reflect that two years after I wrote this, I now work at La Coppa.Ǿ
La Coppa Gelato, a tiny little gelato shop with about 20 typical flavors on display for eying, tasting, and eventually purchasing. The cramped space doesn't leave much room for indecisiveness.

On a Friday night it was surprisingly empty. The lady behind the counter was cheerful and happy to offer samples.

The Lemon Sorbet was a sweet and tart treat with a burst of citrus. It was smooth and refreshing. The lemon flavor was overwhelming and needed to be cut with something to tone it down. I only got one scoop, but was unable to finish it. Value for the selection? Cheap, compared to what I am used to back home.Ǿ
A  prominent sign above the gelato case said $3.49 for one scoop.  I ordered one scoop of amaretto in a waffle cone.  The woman handed it to me and said it was $4.21.  The $3.49 price was for a cup though the sign did not specify that. The samount was very small; the flavor and texture of the gelato was nothing special and did not have much of an amaretto taste.  My experience was a disappointment.Ǿ
Underwhelming amount of flavors (really, no pistachio?) and overpriced. The gelato itself was just ok.  I've definitely had better. I guess if you're in a pinch and really hard up, maybe get this? But I wouldn't recommend it.Ǿ
The chocolate gelato I had tasted like hard candy drop chocolate from a tin.

I'm in Italy once or twice a year,  and a rich dark chocolate gelato is the ultimate creamy, rich, ultra-cocoa indulgence.  Not only was the chocolate gelato at La Coppa vastly inferior to anything I've had there (you could not sell this product in Italy - - no-one would buy it) it was an odd flavor, and the unpleasant aftertaste lasted for an hour.

I'm giving two stars because the shop is nice, the display is pretty, and the person behind the counter was really nice, but I would never order anything here again.Ǿ
Ordered the Thin Mint shake. It tastes pretty good. Tasted more like a milkshake with a hint of mint. Would of liked a bit more of a mint taste. Customer service was good. Asked for a reciept but the printer was broke. Would recommend this place though! Super clean and nice to relax in for a bit.Ǿ
Awesome, awesome flavors! 

This place really deserves more love, because it is truly a work of art.

The gelato looks and tastes fresh, with a creamy texture that encapsulates each unique flavor.

I got their chocolate strawberry cheesecake and latte macchiato, and loved every bite of it. 

It's not the cheapest gelato you'll come across, but it'll definitely be the best.Ǿ
The consistency of the  gelato is all wrong here. It's syrupy and just not made properly. I've had it done the right way and it's heaven!! They are always nice, so I'll give them 3 stars. But it's just not that good. Sorry!!Ǿ
Let me start by saying I dream about Paciugo. I don't spend much time on State St anymore but after a mediocre date night dinner at another restaurant I was excited to get my gelato on. I didn't realize that it was no longer Paciugo until I walked in an recognized nothing. 

My favorite part of Paciugo was being able to get more than one flavor. The employee working didn't seem to want to be there, the case was half full, and nothing really sounded good. I finally choose a plain dark chocolate option (my previous gelato go to) and was satisfied with my first bite. From there I quickly felt my teeth feel chalky, as if I had just guzzled a whole bottle of Pepto. Needless to say I didn't finish my expensive single flavor cup and my boyfriend couldn't handle more than a bite of it. We won't be back.Ǿ
This new gelato place took over Paciugo Gelato.  A friend and I visited there this past weekend and were impressed. The quality was great - I ate a quart of their gelato - sea salt caramel & Mozart (which is chocolate and pistachio).  The only suggestion is that they need to branch out into some more diverse and unique flavors the way Paciugo did.

We will definitely be back the next time we are in Madison.Ǿ
La Coppa needs more stars! It's always my preferred ice cream option on State. It's better for just being [rich n creamy] gelato, of course, but the flavors are just to die for. Chocolate Shoppe has too many flavors to choose from and for some reason is always disappointing, and Cold Stone kinda just sucks in general. If you're willing to pay a littttttle bit more, La Coppa is where it's at! They have premium flavors and the smoothest of textures. The nut varieties are always so rich and delicious- I recommend anything with hazelnut. And you can never go wrong with the sea salt caramel. Spring, come faster so I have more warm-weather excuses to go here!Ǿ
I've tried many tastes until now and I loved them all, especially the salted caramel. Excellent choice for something to cool yourself during warm days :)Ǿ
meh is about right. Forgettable experience except for the fact they ran out of a number of flavors on a Friday evening in summer. Additionally, they had one person working to cover serving gelato and working the register and handling money. He did not wash his hands or use gloves in between the two.  Too bad I don't work for the health department. I miss pacigo....Ǿ
Amazing!! The man working the counter really knew about the business and it made my experience better. I was curious about the gelato "spaghetti" dessert and he suggested to make it "his" way. Which was absolutely delicious! I'll definitely be going back.