In Montreal for a conference and stopped in for a bite. Get the table by the window and watch the people stroll by. I had a salad and pollo panini  the Caesar is good too.Ǿ
Pizza/bistro right around the corner from Notre Dame in Montreal, and it has a little outdoor deck on the street. The prices are reasonable, the food is not very good, we got pizzas and beer. It was ok.Ǿ
We were wandering around old town on a rainy evening looking for a place to eat because the place we had targeted to eat at is closed on Monday.  We came across Bistro Silla and the menu looked like what we needed.  
Our server was warm and friendly, the restaurant was clean and comfy.
My pasta was a perfect aldente.Ǿ
In Montreal for a long weekend and after a long day of walking my wife and I wanted a light meal/break.  This place was perfect and hit the mark.  A pretty thorough "light fare" menu (it was not there dinner menu).  Our server (Maryjo) was excellent and fun (she had a very good sense of humor) and treated us non-French speaking Americans with grace.  A small but quaint place, we really enjoyed it and would visit again.Ǿ
We came into this restaurant because of a sudden rain.  And I've decided that I would never ever do that again no matter what!  It was ridiculously overpriced: a shrimp pesto $22, and a sausage pizza $18.  The pesto was oily and tasteless and cheese on the pizza was like flour.  The only good part about this restaurant was the deco.  It was an awful catering experience and I would never go back for the food again.Ǿ
Couldn't get into Robin Square so we ended up here because it was essentially empty. The $17 lasagna was just a small square of ordinary lasagna on a plate, that was it. Our red wine was off but was replaced but waiter forgot to bring glass of white wine we ordered. The Caprese salad was also not very good.Ǿ
My wife and small son and I were visiting from Maine.  Our first evening in town we were strolling around looking at the sights and came upon the Bistro.  My son still is somewhat limited in his tastes. He had a small pizza and lived it.  My wife had salmon that was perfectly prepared. I had a pasta with pesto that was light and full of flavor.  Our waitress was lovely and we thoroughly enjoyed ourselvesǾ
Came here for a quiet dinner after a long day. I had a Caesar salad that tasted old (it was probably made in the morning and kept in the fridge) and a pasta primavera which tasted average, at the point that I did not eat it all.
Very overpriced, average service.