Disappointed  I expected an adult atmosphere and experience based on the name.  Most of the people at 9pm on Friday night were families with small children.  The food was decent, but pricey.  Basically, got Red Robin experience for La Bocca pricing.  Felt like a bait and switch.

Either lower the prices and change the name and keep the fun family atmosphere or keep the prices/menu and provide an adult atmosphere worthy of the expense.

I suspect it will do well in it's currently location because there are not many other nearby local options.  If you are looking for a pricey family restaurant this is a 4/5 of you are looking for a good night out without kids this is 1/5.  I split the difference and give a 3.

The service was very attentive, but overall it almost felt like a chain. :(Ǿ
Dropped in for a birthday celebration with my fiancee. We were seated immediately and received the highest level of service. We enjoyed a nice spaghetti and meatball, and a Chilean sea bass entree. Both were excellent. Nice local alternative in an area overrun with the usual national brands. It was early in the evening after work, some families having dinner, others in the bar. Good variety on the regular menu and compelling specials.Ǿ
Really good food. The pizza is great especially when Vito is cooking. Staff is very friendly and attentiveǾ
I revisited Red, White & Brew on Friday. In my first ever visit, the place was empty - but the past two or three times I have been, it is always packed. Friday was no exception. The hostess told me it would be 45 minute wait and handed me the pager. Someone must have hit the wrong button because less than 5 minutes later the pager went off - and there were several people already waiting before I arrived. Too bad, so sad. I took the table. 

The first thing I noticed was there was a band playing. Rather loudly. Nothing like going to dinner with someone and having to yell WHAT? HUH? every second. It was rather irritating - and I must not be the only one who thought so. When the server stopped by for our order, my friend didn't complain but asked "How long is the band playing tonight" - the response was "I'm sorry...they are playing until close...but they will probably take some breaks!" Then we revealed it was loud and annoying.

The food continued to be good. The rolls are wonderful. My friend ordered some chicken alfredo which was pretty run of the mill. I ordered the bourbon pecan salmon with the sweet potato ravioli. First thing you notice is the smell. I could smell it back in the kitchen with a nice sweet aroma. It also came with spinach. The sauce on the salmon was very sweet - my friend thought too sweet, but I liked it. It ran into the spinach and made that tasty as well. The sweet potato ravioli was a bit bland, but that balanced just fine with the sweetness of the other items. I ate half, boxed the rest and skipped dessert.

Despite the good food and a server who was a little extra peppy and probably an ex-cheerleader, I couldn't get past the music. The music wasn't bad - mostly things like Eric Clapton and similar artists, but for a small enclosed area, it made the experience less than enjoyable. Take it outside and open the doors. Because of the band we really tried to hurry up and get out of there (and not because we stole someone's seat)... Maybe I am getting old - but TURN DOWN THAT DAMN MUSIC and while you're at it GET OFF MY LAWN!!Ǿ
Mediocre food at best. We went this past Saturday night and the place was half empty. I had the clam chowder which was the soup of the day. Totally bland. I sent it back. My wife had the french onion soup which she enjoyed. I had the ribeye and the coconut shrimp with a loaded baked potato ad mixed vegetables.. The steak was warm, not hot but was cooked ok. The potato was luke warm at best, the vegetables were totally bland. The onion rings on top of the steak were cold and tough to chew. I was wondering if the cooks even knew what seasoning was. I also found it odd that no bread was served with the meal at all.  The shrimp was very good though. My wife had a chicken and mushrom dish which she described as "OK". Also, I was brought a glass of iced tea..with no ice - i had to ask for it..and luke warm tea. In short, nothing was really BAD..but no way will we go backǾ
I'll give it two stars for old times sake but...

Not nearly as decent as it was 2.5 years ago when we first moved to Chandler. It is close so convenience rules sometimes when making a quick trip out to dinner. Wife and I have gone probably 15 or so times while we have lived here. The last trip there a week and a half ago will be our last. 

The deal breaker was the prime rib that was on special that evening. The meat was quite good but it is served with sides of vegetables and mashed potatoes. I substituted a baked for the mashed which was fine with them. The vegetables were totally inedible. They had the consistency of rubber bands. The potato was not warm enough to melt the butter they put into it and tasted like it had spent the better part of the day in an improperly heated warming drawer. One out of three on the plate doesn't cut it for a dinner costing nearly 20.00. 

When I brought this up to the young lady making the rounds looking managerial she was totally nonplussed by my complaint. I would have mentioned it to my waitress had she ever returned to the table after setting the food down. Wife had a salad and a small pizza along with a soda for me and a glass of wine for her our tab came to over 70.00. For 70.00 please feed me food I can eat not just some things I can eat. Not too much to ask it would seem.

I went on to their website and wrote a pleasantly toned and descriptive letter outlining my complaint along with mention that we had been customers for some time with them. I pressed the "request a reply" submission button but apparently the request for a reply does not mean much to them either as they have never replied. I would spend my money elsewhere if I were you and I intend to follow my own advice.Ǿ
This place has changed over the last couple of years. Initially, I was unimpressed. We went last night and things have changed.

 Particularly:
1. Great Service - the waiter, bus staff, manager were all very, very attentive. In fact, the busser actually grabbed a diaper-bag that a new mother had left in a chair (post meal).. and sprinted to the parking lot to make sure the family received it. Above and beyond.
 
2. Menu Chang - the menu is much better than when it first started. The food is good.. not great.. but a good place to go get a meal with your family.  (Still a bit "heavy"). 

Our favorite family "chain" restaurant for American cuisine is Red-Robin. This is now our favorite family "local" restaurant for American cuisine.Ǿ
I really wanted to try this place for lunch yesterday. 
After looking it up on Yelp from my blackberry. I was sent to the wrong intersection because the map provided on Yelp was incorrect. 
I tried to call the restaurant at 12pm and it is a recorded answering system where you have to press a number to speak to someone. I pressed the number corresponding to the hostess stand. I was then told to leave a message for the hostess!! 
So I called again and pressed the number for a manager. A woman answered and I told her that I could not find the restaurant and wanted to know where they were located. She had no answer and put me on hold! A guy then picked up and at this point I was very frustrated and I asked "where are you?". This guy said "what do you mean where am I?". I didn't care where this dude was I just wanted to find this restaurant. I gave up on this joke of a manager and hung up. I proceeded to go to Zammi's Pub for lunch and it was great. 
I will never attempt to eat at Red White and Brew again. 
Your are a restaurant, at the peak of lunch ANSWER YOUR PHONE!Ǿ
Second time here and I am not impressed with the service. 

Atmosphere, drinks, food are fine.

We stopped in for drinks only.  After waiting more than 5 minutes at a table in the bar area, I went to the bar and ordered drinks and brought them back to the table.  The Happy Hour pricing was a nice bonus.

After we had been there about 15 minutes and were half way through the drinks a waiter came over and asked if we would like something.  We said we were only there for drinks but would like some water.  We never saw him again.

We lingered awhile and my wife went to the bar to settle the tab.  She finally had to yell at one of the bartenders to get them to come over and be paid.Ǿ
Great food!  The creamy chicken artichoke pizza is amazing!!  I have always had fast friendly service as well. Love this place!!!Ǿ
Decent neighborhood joint with big ol' beers.  Their portions are outrageous and pizzas are pretty good.  The prices are a little high for the type of food that they put out but each entree easily serves 2.Ǿ
Despite the so so reviews, the bf and I decided to head here for dinner on Sunday night because it's not a chain and it's only a couple of miles away.  We were pleasantly surprised!  Starting off with the Mediterranean salad, I stated that we would be splitting it, and was pleased to see the salad brought out on two separate plates - without the charge!  Ingredients were fresh and the dressing was light.  I also had the cheese pizza, which was big enough for 2 and delicious.  

Overall, the service was the right amount of attentive and friendly, the menu was huge, and we look forward to coming back!Ǿ
A close to home sit down restaurant, was very enjoyable for my family and I. Before even entering the restaurant the door was held open for us and we were being welcomed into the restaurant. When we were being shown to our seats the host was extremely sweet and let us know of all the choices and specials that were going on. Our waitress was extremely funny and had quite the personality.  She also let us know of all the specials that were going on, and  let us know of the early bird menu. The menu was from 3-5pm and had smaller portions. 
I ordered the Chicken Alfredo. when my waitress brought me my food, I was surprised on how big the portions were.  I got about  half way through my meal and I needed a box.  When I started  scraping my noodles into the box, there was a lot of oil that was sitting in the bottom of the bowl. I was not to thrilled about that, and made a complaint to my waitress. She went into the back and talked to the chef.
I really appreciated how the bar and dining were semi separated.  When I go in with the family we sit in the dining where the atmosphere is shifted more towards the family., and the bar atmosphere is shifted more towards the young adults. On the weekends the restaurant has live music, and the music alternates with different musical genres every couple of weeks. My family and I love going in and sitting in the booths near the band  to listen to the music and enjoy ourselves.Delicious food, friendly staff; who wouldn't want to come back?Ǿ
I was unimpressed and I'm prepared to back up my opinions!

 Its the weekend and the trophy husband and I are looking for a spot to lunch. A tasty meal and a drink is in order. This should be spot but it is not...Damn it, damn it, damn it.. I really wanted to like you Red, White and Brew. I wanted you to live up to your "Gilbert is going to be swanky just hang out on this bar stool and drink some overpriced wine and watch it happen" atmosphere. The place says, hey this could be nice, we have a hip look and your staff is hot but it all stops there. It was not meant to be. 

First, the service is off. Way off. I can forgive bad service, in fact I can flat out ignore it if the food is good. So, we are standing around waiting to be seated in a completely empty dining area with the waitstaff seated, eating their meals and looking us with that, "What the hell are u 2 idiots doing." look. Now, I get it if it is 3ish and here are 2 nimrods who roll in for the late lunch/early dinner but no it is 1pm on a Saturday. Drop the attitude.

No problem, I have run into this and I will not be undone. We seat ourselves at the bar. The bartender after 15 minutes shows up and hands us menus.... another 10 minutes goes by and she asks us if we want anything to drink...Gee, ya think? OK, the rant on the service ends. The food, see the above but just say, BLAH!

We both ordered the lunch specials, prime rib and pulled pork sandwiches. Call me stupid, but if you call your lunch special, "special", I actually expect you to put a little something into it. The sandwiches are about $10 a piece, which I would not have balked at if not for the fact that my prime rib was nothing more than roast beef sandwich meat and my trophy husband had little to say for his pulled pork. The biggest issue I had was the enormous plate of fries that sat next to my briefly basted sandwich meat sandwich on some crummy grocery store hoagy.

 I essentially paid $10 big ones for a 5lb bag of ore-ida fries and a few handfulls of lunchmeat. Yes, a huge portion but not my idea of a prime rib meal. 

Now on the wine front, a very nice selection and for that alone they earn points but the prices....exactly why am I paying $9.00 for a glass of Kendall Jackson that I can find on the bottom shelf of Safeway for an entire bottle at $11...More to the point, put something on your wine list and charge me anything you want as long as I can't find it at every grocery store in a 5 mile radius. I might live in Chandler, but I do leave the burbs and I have seen the big lights so if your staff wants to act like they are somewhere other than the middle of nowhere then back the 'tude up with more than steamed lunch meat and fries...  Denny's been doing it for years and they really have the market on mediocre food so aspire for more!Ǿ
I thought it was going to be more of a bar/pub place, but it was a great sit down place. I had the meatball sandwich and it was greatǾ
Went once after a great review from family but were disappointed.  Went a second time to make sure it wasn't a fluke but we were disappointed again.  2 strikes and you're out!Ǿ
Wow.  A place that's affordable, huge portions, great menu, good food, only micro-brews on draft, and attentive service.  And the specials they run sound interesting and all were under $20.  The day we went some were caramel pine nut pork tenderloin and wasabi ginger soy swordfish.  They sounded and looked good but with all the other options to try I'll have to go back.  
  The micro-brews are seasonal but we had Papago's mandarin orange hefe and Oak Creek amber ($4 pt?)  To start we shared their lump crab cakes ($9 for 2) and they were the best I've tasted so far.  For dinner (we should have split something) my boyfriend had the 10 oz. Top Sirloin with mashed potatoes and mixed veggies ($14) which he said had good flavor.  I had the Bourbon Glazed Pecan Crusted Salmon Fillet with sweet potato ravioli, sauteed spinach and creole mustard sauce.  Awesome!  I crave this from time to time it was that good.  No desert.  Not enough room but our server brought us a dessert tray and menu and said they are all made in house, impressive.  So for the money and bit of drive this place was worth it and I will be back.Ǿ
Best Feature: Overall good quality

Red, White and Brew (take a look at their logo and you'll get the pun) is a delightful family treasure nestled amidst a mundane shopping center.  I took my mom here for Mother's Day - they had cleared a section for a Buffet.  It was neither exceptional nor crap....we were satisfied with the food.  We got what we paid for.Ǿ
One of the few non-chain restaurants in the area so my husband and I tried it. They have the most amazing garlic knots brought to the table as a dinner service. He ordered a chicken dish and was not impressed, but I ordered pizza and it was delicious. It is hard to please my pizza palate since I grew up in NJ (home of the best pizza on earth), but this pizza was amazing. The crust was chewy and just the right ratio or crust/sauce/cheese/tangy pepperoni. Yummm. If only they delivered....Ǿ
We work nearby so we've been here a few times for happy hour or lunch. I enjoy their burgers, but there beer selection is really limited. As others have pointed out, the wait staff are typically unattentive and we've waited forever before as well. 

So you get three stars for good burgers and location close to work.

You lose two for sucky beer selection (it's in your name!), expensive wine, and a wait staff that needs to retrained.Ǿ
Good food. A little pricey. But loved the garlic bread! Pesto chicken pasta my favorite from hereǾ
our family goes here A LOT and it's always great service, food, and atmosphere. so happy to have this restaurant in town! plus it's kid - friendly!Ǿ
There is always a question in my mind, "Where should I take Steven for 'surprise Saturday'?" After asking various friends, I decided to take him out for dessert at Red, White, & Brew. 

Steven ended up being busy on Saturday, so we went on Friday night around 9:45 pm. Awesome live music played while we waited, and throughout the meal. I never thought I would enjoy a cover band so much. Contrary to some of the other reviews, the late night wait staff was prompt and held an overall enjoyable demeanor. Unfortunately for those of you who want a review of the alcohol status, I am not old enough to drink. Therefore, this review is strictly for the food and services provided by R,W&B. 

Before dessert, (although we weren't too hungry for anything else) we ordered the complimentary bread. I wasn't surprised that it was cold because it was nearing the end of dining hours. But come on, they could at least nuke it to appease us, right? 

After perusing the somewhat limited dessert selection, we chose the Apple Dumpling a la mode. (Who doesn't eat ice cream with dessert?) This dish is cooked when its ordered, so the wait staff informed me there would be a fifteen to twenty minute wait. I had no problem because at least he warned me, unlike other establishments I've been to where you feel forgotten. 

Ah, at last the Apple Dumpling arrived. It was a beautiful dessert. At first, the aroma of cinnamon tickled my nose, and the scent of warm apples overtook my senses. Hot, sweet dough envelopes an entire soft, cinnamon apple; while the whole dessert is drizzled with caramel. Presentation was taken to an art from in this dish. This dessert took me back in time to when my grandmother used to make apple pie from scratch. All of this occurred and I hadn't even taken a bite! 

We demolished this revamped apple pie dish in record time. Each bite persuaded us to take the next. The texture was soft and creamy thanks to the vanilla bean ice cream, and the dumpling itself was piping hot. Delving into an Apple Dumpling was the perfect end to a stressful day. All of the elements blended together to create a new take on a an old favorite and I only paid five bucks for it! 

I will definitely return to Red, White & Blue during the late evening shifts, and I urge others to do so as well. The night staff seems to be older and more experienced, I was pleasantly surprised by the service. 

Four stars for an amazing experience and a delightful dessert!

You lose one star for cold and crappy bread, if its free it should at least be a little bit tasty....Ǿ
I have been to this restaurant a lot because it is right by our house. The atmosphere is great! They always have bands fri nights and on the weekends. The people from the bands mingle with those at the bar. The food for the most part is actually pretty good. We went there for Valentine's day because they were having a good deal for two to eat, have dessert, and get a bottle of wine. They even gave the couples who made reservations ahead of time a rose. It is a nice place to go to just for casual relaxed atmosphere with good food.Ǿ
THIS is our new favorite local restaurant!  My husband and I went last weekend.  There are so few good restaurants at this end of the Valley and are SO happy to find this one.

We started with the mussels appetizer (yum!), I had the grilled swordfish and my husband had the bourbon salmon with pecans with sweet potato ravioli. All of it was SO amazing I took my son back this weekend.  I had the onion soup (best i've ever had and only $2.99!) and the gorgonzola salad and my son had the coconut shrimp.  All of it, amazing!  On my salad, they were so generous with the gorgonzola cheese and pecans that I actually packed the leftovers to go and had them on a salad for dinner tonight!  I was so impressed I asked to speak to the manager.  I spoke to Jay (super nice guy) who told me they make most of their sauces and concentrate on fresh ingredients and  generous portion sizes.  I'll say!    The servers there are so friendly, attentive and they even seem to anticipate your every need.  

We had been hesitant to go there because of the so so reviews here but I can honestly say, just go there and try it for yourself.  I also HIGHLY recommend the Kilt Lifter Beer.  Delicious!

The live entertainment starts at 7pm on saturday night and both times it has been quiet enough that we could still enjoy ourselves.  I especially enjoyed Curt n' Rod.  

Seriously, go there people!  I don't think you'll be disappointed.Ǿ
First of all the bread they give you as a free appetizer is fabulous... not healthly but amazingly good.  Menu is very diverse and love the specials they have on drinks and food.  Great service.Ǿ
I took the family for a weekend dinner to our newest local restaraunt, Red, White & Brew. Southeast Chandler is not exactly the bubbling hotspot for the freshest of places, but we were quite pleased with our results. While it was a little more expensive than our normal family fare (adult entrees $15-$20), the foods was good, the service fast, and quite importantly for us, it was a very family friendly environment. There was a wide selection, and what looked like a good choice of adult beverages. 

Overall, a nice place to eat for adults and family both.Ǿ
This was our fourth time eating at Red White and Brew and must say I was throughly disappointed.  It seems that we have gone from great to good to OK and now TERRIBLE.  First and formost the service was TERRIBLE with a capital T.  We got more attention from the person that was not our server than the person responsible for our table.  As for the food, 3 of our 4 meals were below average at best and one of us came down with a serious case of indigestion.  I will say the only bright spots of our trip today were that the bread in the beginning was fresh and the kids ice cream at the end.  Everything in between was bad.  Due to this experience I am sad to say that Red White and Brew has lost a customer.Ǿ
This place is terrific. It's good to see local business being supported by the community and the crowds here for dinner are growing by the week.

Comfortable place to bring the family with reasonable prices for American cuisine with a few twists thrown in. AND, terrific wheat crust pizza!

We've dined in 5 times over the last few months. Food is consistent and very good. Nightly specials are interesting; I always go for the pork tenderloin-

Superb service from Kayla the waitress.