I came here with my boyfriend looking for burgers for him and vegetarian for myself. I read online that since locations had a black bean veggie burger, NOT HERE! they also didn't have my go to: broccoli cheese potato :( so why 4 stars? The customer service! Jessica the manager was knowledgeable about the menus vegetarian options and variations. Even after I had just given up and went to the side salad, she helped me decide on something more substantial and tasty. You may say, "of course the manager was good at customer service!" But we all know that's just not always the case anymore. I would definately return to this location.Ǿ
After not having Wendy's for awhile we figured we'd give it a go. Staff was polite and friendly. Food was not very good unfortunately. Chili seemed off, chicken sandwiches were ok but not great. Fries were soggy and limp. It will probably be another three years before we give Wendy's another try. Just seems like the whole facility could use a drastic makeover. Two stars for the polite staff-minus three stars for the food itself.Ǿ
I love this Wendy's. I have been coming here over the years and never had any problems. my order is always right and piping hot fresh. 

The drive-thru is super speedy and the workers are always friendly. 

I recently have become addicted to the chili cheese fries. 

You can't beat there value menu with so many tasty options.

They regularly send coupons in the mail and all of them or worth using. I got a free spicy chicken sandwich with purchase of a small drink and fries and also I liked the coupon where I got a free chili cheese fries with any purchase. I ordered from the value menu that time and my total was just $2.12 for the fries and 2 sandwiches.Ǿ
The other reviews were pretty spot on. 
For drive-thru, you'd be better off just ordering inside. Ordered the 4 for $4 and the worker took my order perfectly and when I eventually made it to the pickup window, they gave me the right order. 
Reasoning behind the 2/5 star rating would be the time factor and the food overall.
Can't get much wrong with the 4 for $4 deal, but the fries were not only unfortunately undercooked, but incredibly salty. It shouldn't sound like raindrops when you remove the salt from ONE single fry. I get it, they use sea salt, but it's never been to this extent. 

If you can, I'd say drive the extra miles for a different location. I'm usually down to give each place two tries, but if it's a fast food chain, shouldn't be the case. 

(This location does NOT have a freestyle coke machine)Ǿ
well I was reminded today of why I gave a bad review last time I was here. this time profanity being used behind the counter. sink in the men's restroom hardly puts out any water. soap container falling off the wall maybe from the nasty old cigarette that is stuck to the back of it. tried using the ketchup at the condiment stand and ketchup shot everywhere except the cup. I thinks it time for some snhd at this place.Ǿ
Messed up order.. Rude, ghetto workers with bad customer service skills... Some Wendy's are great but this one apparently lacks good management.Ǿ
Awesome place! The manager was really friendly and so was the drive-through person taking my order. The food was great!
It would've gotten five stars except the drive-through guy that gave me the food seemed new and he forgot to put a straw in my bag. I only noticed it after I drove away.Ǿ
Wanted to make sure we're all on the same page when I say that no fast food chain joint will ever get higher than a 3 star simply because of the health and cleanliness factors.  

With that said, I've been to the drive thru at this Wendy's location several times over the past year, and each time they've gotten my order correct and out to me in a timely manner.  Their 4 for $4 is by far way better than the other FF joints that tried to copy Wendy's afterwards.  The employees have been courtesy, maybe sometimes overworked, but for the most part... all have decent attitudes.  If you're looking for organic and health eats along with 5 star service, go else where and pay 3-4 times more than what you pay at Wendy's, B-K, or Micky D's.  Otherwise, I say give these folks a break and just say "thank you!" for doing an honest job that most of us don't want to or can't do.   PEACE my ninjas!Ǿ
We ordered chicken nuggets in the drive through. On the receipt it said "2 bbq" but we wanted sweet and sour, we were still waiting for the food at the window and when the big Italian looking guy came he literally just handed us the bad and without saying a word was headed for shutting the window. Before he could shut it I quickly asked him "what sauces are in the bag" he said "bbq" I asked "could we get sweet and sour instead, I'll trade you the bbq" (I know they won't take the sauce back after already giving it out but I didn't want to seem needy) he said "no it's ok" and handed me the sweet and sour...when we got home there wasn't any other sauces in the bag other than the sweet and sour we asked for...so originally there wasn't sauce in the bag at all until we asked for it
This guy was like a slob a half fast slob he didn't care at all this place is just a job to him...in our strawberry lemonade we asked for easy ice...it was as if he were being a smart ass because he added EXTRA ice...
His name is Jorge (that's what the receipt says) it wasn't the food...it was the service...zero stars for him and who he represents...Ǿ
I work nearby and use to go here in the past but I am never going here again.  I will wait in the line across the street.  The fries were cold and soggy.  The burger was cold and squished.  The chicken sandwich looked good, but was root temp and the chicken was mushy.  The lady working the drive through just took the money, gave the change, and closed the window.  Not friendly.  If I was the owner of this place, I would make some changes fast.Ǿ
Wish i could rate this zero stars. I ordered one meal.  The woman taking orders cut me off at that. Did not ask if i would like anything else.Um yeah i wanted to order more but i was given my total after ordering the one meal. So my kids split the one meal.  I was left with nothing. Completely RUDE!!!!! They were not even busy but appeared to be in a huge rush.Ǿ
Idiots bread & meat   Bread & meat no cheese hire people that understand English no cheeeese. Bread & meatǾ
Horrible! Got the 4 for $4 which featured fries (old) and nuggets which tasted as tho they had been cooked in rancid oil. Could not understand the person working the drive thru and had to ask her to repeat herself a number of times. To her credit, she was very friendly when we got to the window. Won't be returning to this store!Ǿ
I got a 4 for 4 the shit was old and fucking cold .I got it at 930 at night , I called the manager on duty at 9:45 pm .who worked on 12/20/16 and she was fucking horrible .if I get sick ima Be your fucking boss !Ǿ
My rule of thumb lately is not to review fast food locations unless they meet following criteria. Service is outstanding or food is amazing. Or my service was horrible etc. I am writing this review in hope management sees this, cause this will freak out alot of people. I ordered some stuff to go. I got burgers and a raspberry tea witch sounded good honestly. The burgers where average bacon was burnt like deep fryer bacon. That wasn't the fries where cold. And the topper I started drinking the drink on the way home witch is like 5 mins even less depending on traffic stop lights sigh -- I will leave those for another story. The drink tasted good however I started noticing hard chunks of something I think maybe mix or something however you can tell there pods with a string attached normally needing to be blended longer so not to leave these is a cup. Espic a white cup that shows up. I dont have food poisoning or any of those signs. However when you see this me being from Phoenix I tend to freak out espic not knowing what I ingested, so I hope management can see this. I do not need any type of reimbursement just letting company know.Ǿ
Horrible. Just plain horrible. Like the other review, get one star cause I have to. Ordered a small chili with cheese. Asked for some chili sauce packets on the side. A spicy chicken sandwich combo with a side of ranch. The wifey was nice enough to get it in the first place, so I can't complain to her. No ranch. No chili sauce. No spoon to eat the chili. No straw for the drink. No napkins to wipe hands with. Did get ketchup for the fries, but didn't eat them because they were colder than the ice in my drink. I was soooooo angry I actually called. The manager offered to give me the stuff if I drove down and pick up the items. There was no mention of a refund or a gift card for a future order. Doesn't matter because I won't be going back.Ǿ
I have never given a really bad star before but the Gentleman who took my order was the rudest person I've ever been ordered on. No personality what so ever and didn't even say thank you nor smile, Sir if you hate your job so much then you should leave, I've always came to this Wendys and everyone was so nice, what happened!?Ǿ
One of the worst Wendy's I have ever been to. Arrived approximately 6:00pm today. Ordered meal ok. But the kitchen was totally disorganized! The left hand did not know what the right hand was doing. During their confusion one of the workers swiped my order receipt off the counter and walked off with. Now I am unable to go on the company website to write a review.
After waiting 15 minutes for my order and pointing out where parts of my order were left off to the side and how disorganized they all were I was greeted with an attitude by someone in a black uniformed who acted like they were in charge. Demanded that I repeat my order because they had know idea what it was.Ǿ
Witnessed staff accepting cash and then making food without changing gloves or washing their hands.   Completely disgusted by this.   Not coming back to this location.Ǿ
I love this Wendys.  There Daves Double Burgers are so Damn Good.  The Baconator Fries Rule.  Carlos is the Koolest Manager over there.Ǿ
Today is the last time I will be dealing with this location and probably Wendy's as a whole since I don't know any other location. I've been to this location quite a few times and recently have had to deal with a very rude lady at drive through. I believe she is SUPPOSED to be in a management role but is clearly unqualified. She always has a terrible attitude, rushes you through every part of your experience and is just overall unpleasant. My coworkers had actually stopped coming to this location because of her. Today I came to the drive through on my lunch break and ordered a cheeseburger combo for myself and a cheeseburger for my coworker. While ordering I asked that one burger not have veggies on it to which this rude person said "what?!" I started saying I didn't want pickles, lettuce, tomatoes etc since it seemed like she hadn't heard me. However she cut me of and rudely said "yes, I know what veggies are thank you." I've worked in the service industry so I know how to talk to people, I was not speaking in any sort of tone or sounding condescending, simply just trying to order food. Her attitude and choice of words was unwarranted and certainly NOT how patrons should be spoken to. At the window all she told me was what my total was and that my receipt was in the bag. No thank you, no have a nice day, no is there anything else you need. I took my food and left but was even further disappointed once I got back to work to eat when I found she had not given me a straw, my fries were cold and soggy and MY BURGER HAD VEGGIES ON IT. Really disappointed that I will no longer enjoy Wendy's thanks to this terrible employee and wasted money on a lunch I did NOT enjoy.Ǿ
I'd give it 0 stars if I could. They were out of soda or really their carbonation and out of ketchup. Don't understand how you run a restaurant like that. I'm guessing poor management.Ǿ
Literally the best Wendy's I've been to. They're friendly, fast, and my food was fresh. Keep up the good work!Ǿ
I will never go here again, the employees are all rude and with the window open while I was waiting for my change heard them gossiping about how stupid all the customers were today. Not the first time either. Really should probably fire everyone that works here.Ǿ
Would give this particular branch no stars if possible. Ordered two meals for my wife and myself and was informed the soda fountain wasn't working (after we had paid). We each had iced tea instead.Halfway through eating we tried to get refills on our beverages and were told we would have to purchase new drinks because refills are free for soda only. I tried to reason with the employee and then the manager that we only accepted iced tea as a substitute for soda because they were unable to deliver the drinks we had purchased but was met with rote company policy and a general air of "if you don't like it, don' eat here". Which is exactly what i intend to do.