Think of Cheers Bar with perks. We had a wonderful meal. I had chicken and vegetables with a delightful sauce. The chicken was so tender, you could cut it with a fork. The sauce reminded me of a sauce I once had at the Palm in Washington D.C. This is a new restaurant with new help that is working very hard to get their running legs stabilized. I'm excited that we have a local restaurant that is bringing new flavors to the area. I'm looking forward to trying the rest of the menu.Ǿ
Arrived six fifteen last Saturday. After a confusing couple of minutes at the door---no greeting, no host station, no sign indicating if we should sit or wait to be seated, the bartender saw us to a table, brought us menus and water. Saw server three times: once when she took our order, once when she returned to tell us the bottle of wine we ordered was unavailable, and the third time when she came back to say the kitchen was out of eggplant parmesan.  

We finally walked out at 7 pm without every having been served anything but water.

We probably won't return---typical of Carefree restaurants.  smh. 

Plus, the dining room had a funny smell.Ǿ
Very good Italian food, menu looked temporary but everything our party of 4 ordered was great.  Wine was very reasonably priced.  Owner oversaw our entire service experience.  Well done all around.Ǿ
Sooo nice to have a real Italian restaurant in the area. Outstanding service by the owner chef, everything was just really good. Casual and great bar to hang out and have a drink and some appetizers or dinner. This place will so well.Ǿ
We've been patiently waiting since 2006 for a great Italian restaurant to open in our neighborhood. Finally, our prayers have been answered! 

Corrado's is exactly the kind of place we've been hoping for. A neighborhood fine dining restaurant with reasonable prices and great homemade food. Casual yet dressy, intimate yet lively. We couldn't be happier.

I ordered the skirt steak, medium rare, which came with roasted carrots, potato and a large salad of cherry tomatoes, red onion and mixed greens. So flavorful, my steak was juicy and cooked to perfection! Aside from Durant's Steakhouse, (which is twice the price) I'd say the steak I had tonight was the most flavorful I've had the pleasure to enjoy since moving to Arizona. That's quite a statement, especially considering the restaurant just opened. 

My partner ordered rigatoni eggplant "lasagna" which he thoroughly enjoyed. 

For dessert I couldn't resist their homemade cannoli. The perfect ending to a delicious meal. Shout out to one of the owners who stopped by our table to say hello. Welcome to the neighborhood, Kelly, we plan on spreading the word and can't wait to return!Ǿ
Service was very friendly and quick. Food was fresh, quality and good. Restaurant was a little hard to find - its next to Wells Fargo Bank.Ǿ
My wife and I eat at Corrado's last night. The food was fantastic. The owner was very attentive as was our waitress. It is exciting to have such a great restaurant in Carefree. 
This is my first post to Yelp and I thought it was important to post as it is really important this jewel is supported.Ǿ
Wow! Amazing meal! Eggplant to die for, amazing wine, and the Tiramisu melts in your mouth!Ǿ
Not much atmosphere here. Wait staff seemed friendly, but inexperienced. The wine list was brief and without much of a range in quality. The menu seemed abbreviated as well. We ordered pastas and salmon. Pasta was SO undercooked it seemed hard rather than aldente. The pesto sauce had little or no garlic and I am wondering if pine nuts were even used in its preparation. It appeared as a dark, chopped leaf mixed with some olive oil. Looked more like chopped spinach. The linguine with bolognase had the same problems........undercooked pasta and lack of flavor in the sauce. This restaurant lacked the good cooking odors of a good Italian kitchen...no garlic!!! Salmon was poached and also lacking in flavor. Sorry to say it, but we wouldn't go back. Too many things that made for a poor meal.Ǿ
Very boring food - not bad - but not worth eating.
Salad dressing nonexistent- dry tastless spinach.
Pasta not cooked - tomato sauce tasteless.  Pork tenderloin moist - almost like boiled!
No side dish vegetables- only tasteless pasta.Ǿ
We had chicken piccata   Was terrible. Tiramisu was 4 lady fingers cross stacked with secret sauce. Top ones crispy bottom ones  soggy.  Wait staff pleasant but not experienced. If you want food to die for.  This is your placeǾ
Very friendly staff, the best Italian Food ibhave had in a long time. Fresh pasta, bright and clean plates. Bar is very unique bar tenders are responsive. Food come out quick great flavor.