The only reason this review isn't 5 stars is because it took awhile... It is however only their second day open & they had a to go order of 15 burgers come in!  We sat at the bar & loved the service we received from Derrick & Lisa! Had the buffalo blue cheese chips, fried pickles, bison burger & Kobe burger.  All of the food was hot, fresh & all around tasty!  We can't wait to go back!  If you go in the next few weeks, be patient while they get into a rhythm.... Can't wait to enjoy a summer night in their beautiful patio :)笑
After a long busy weekend hubby and I decided to go out with the kids. Got seated right away, and our waitress came over. They didn't have kids menus, and she didn't know the prices. We ordered beers (they have a great local beer selection!) which came out right away. Then we ordered burgers and fries. The burgers came out, but one was w/o a bun. WTF? The fries ($2.95) were TINY-the $10 burgers don't come with fries. Another waitress brought out our food, she got the missing bun right away. No sign of our waitress. Had to go inside to get salt, pepper and ketchup off of a table. Waitress stopped by an adjacent table 3x w/o checking on is. Hubby had to go to the bar to get more beers. The burgers seemed like they were frozen patties warmed up. We finished eating and no sign of our waitress. Still hungry, we were going to order more food. No sign of the waitress. Hubby went inside and asked the bartender for our bill. Left hungry and went over to Fry's to get French fries and ice cream to have at home. Needless to say, we won't be back.笑
They have something for everyone! It is a favorite place for my husband and I to go when craving a burger. But sometimes, I'm just wanting a sandwich or salad. This place fits the bill most times when my husband is craving that large, flavorful *real* burger and when I'm craving any of the above, and I have had each of the above. Every time it is quality, delicious and nice atmosphere. One time we even called in for an order to go and we were a tad early as they weren't open yet. The woman who took the call offered to still take our order and have it ready upon opening. I felt this was very friendly and was happy she went the extra mile to help.笑
Took Mom here for lunch for her birthday. We were not disappointed! It's under new management and he's doing a fantastic job. The food is excellent (don't miss the homemade chips with Buffalo sauce and the fried pickles and green beans!). The batter is light and so good. The staff is great, they put on whatever NFL games you ask for on one of the several tv's. The happy hour specials are great! This will be one of our go-to's now.笑
The service was practically non existent. The hostess might have been the only employee we saw smiling. Our server might have cracked a small smile at some point but it wasn't memorable. Our food was cold. My fries might have still been frozen. We waited too long for our check and I actually had to stand up and walk to the bar, ask if one of the two people sitting there was an employee and then ask for my server so we could get our bill. Probably won't be going back.笑
So disappointing........very dry burger, no taste except for all the toppings. We could not believe they will ONLY cook your burger medium or well, trust me, medium was well done..,..

Interior still lacks any good feel. Bar is nice but no TV in that area, only in the restaurant area, poorly situated.

Nice idea with big open window in bar BUT the flys were taking over the entire restaurant! 

And what are they thinking by having a hand written note taped to front door that says, " no outside food or dink allowed"........one of the most negative entrances I ever seen at a restaurant.

Doubt this restaurant will make it for long.....loo bad, we need some good restaurants in Anthem.笑
Had dinner with some friends during their opening week. Was satisfied with the food. Not too much. Had the Italian burger it was good. Planning on going back.笑
It took over an hour to get our burgers.  There were 3 of us at the table.  I will give them another chance because they had not been open for very long.  The burgers were good but way overpriced.笑
Good solid burgers, great beer and excellent service on a Saturday afternoon out on the patio. This would be a 4.5 if possible.笑
I cannot tell you how much I want this place to be good.  With that said they have some serious work to do. My wife and I are admitted foodies and as a result have some relatively high standards for food and service. 

We had dinner here and to put it honestly it was very disappointing. To start, our waitress knew nothing about the wines on the menu. After about three questions she asked us to wait a minute and came back with the bartender. He was great and explained exactly what they had. I will say their wine list needs some serious work. After our wine was served I was talking to the waitress about how she could learn more about wine, she proceeded to tell us she did not plan on being there that long and was not sure she needed to learn anything else about wine. 

Strike two, we ordered our starter salad and entree - yep, you guessed it, it all arrived at the same time. My wife mentioned we would have liked our salads first - her reply, well you should have told me that. I am sorry, you are a server, your job is to know how to serve food, one course at a time. 

Strike three, our medium rare bison burger came out as regular beef well done.

If Tru plans on making it in this market they need to dramatically improve their service, food and attention to detail. If you guys want to know what I am taking about take a trip to Hillstone or Houstons and order a burger. The service is impeccable and the food cooked perfectly. I certainly hope you guys can make it happen. We really need some good dining in the Anthem area.笑
The most amazing burger in AZ and almost anywhere!!!!!!!!! This was fresh! The meat was fresh the lettuce and tomato was farm fresh! Bread perfectly made with a slightly toasted inside. The service was great! They also accept military discount Thanks you are definitely a "Tru Burger"!笑
We have tried to eat here twice now and both times left before we even got in.  They clearly don't have enough staff and the staff they do have, at least the hostess and manager at front, didn't appear to be trained.  They grossly mis estimated the wait time.  Not sure if we will make a 3 rd attempt until they get it figured out.笑
So it was one of the oddest things when we first walked in, a young man who appeared to have not quite started his shift was enjoying a McDonalds hamburger and fry in the first booth (yes the bag and wrapper was sitting on his table). It didn't register that he even worked there, except we had the same sign problem that others have seemed to have (except the sign for us said "seat yourself" not the other way around) and he politely helped us with locating the host. I really had to think if the people working here prefer McDonalds, why am I not at McDonalds?  But we went ahead anyway and were for the most part glad we did. We sat on the patio (luckily no dogs were out there, sorry, just not my thing) and it was very nice. We ordered the cheese fries and they were really very good! I would order again without a doubt. The actual Whiskey burger....honestly...while it was better than McDonalds, it wasn't terrific, maybe Smashburger quality, but maybe not quite. The location is good so we will try again, mostly for the fries and the limited number of other options in the area.笑
Pretty good burger. Little pricy and you have to order the side seperately. I came in around 11 and it looked like they were still setting up. They had just been open a month so i think they were still getting their stuff together. All in all i would come back.笑
We have been here before and the food is awesome.. Service excellent. However we went to this location on Veterans Day and not only was our server wonderful but as veterans without question they comped our whole meal.  Thank you so much for this and for appreciating those who have given so much for our country.笑
My wife and I have dined here twice for lunch.  Both times we had an extra long wait time from the time we were seated until the server finally arrived to ask about drinks.  the first time was 10 minutes and the last was 15.  On both occasions I ended up with some intestinal issues.  I also want to call in to question their use of Kobe for their burgers.  for the prices they charge for them, and unless the meat market has really changed, they would be working at a negative profit.笑
I'm new to anthem so we tried out what looked like a cool burger joint and we were right. Burgers are creative and large. My absolute only complaint is that there are no bun options except lettuce wrapped. The regular bun is a bit thick and chewy. I would like to see a pretzel bun or some sort of thinner bread choice for a bun. The server could not have been more nice and there was free live music. We will definitely be coming back.笑
Gave is another shot this is my second review...RUN,RUN FOR THE HILLS..bartenders suck they have an attitude, listen tru burger, your not in Scottsdale, LA or NY..its not going to work in Anthem,over priced and under value. Place can have open tables and you wait for 40mins, I will never go back and the rep your getting locally in just a month of being open is going to be irreversible if you don't sort out your staff, attitudes and quality of the garbage you currently offer.
This time next May you'll be gone if you don't get it right......笑
First time at Tru Buger Tuesday night. A bit of a wait, but the burgers were very good and cooked just the way we wanted.The nachos and chili were also very good. The staff was working very hard to make things happen as quickly as possible. Lots to try on the menu, we will be back. Get there early. Anthem is showing it's support笑
I've been to this location before but wasn't really impressed. My fiancé really wanted to come here for dinner so we stopped by. My food came out perfect and was much better than I remembered! The manager James stopped by and introduced himself and made us feel welcome. We will be back!笑
Burgers and buffalo chips were excellent!  The kids food is a great value for what they got.笑
Asked some people in a parking lot and they highly recommended this place. And it was fantastic. Started with one of the best Bloody Marys I've had. Then got the homemade potato chips with blue cheese, blue cheese dressing and buffalo hot sauce. (We asked for them on the side for dipping).
We both ordered the custom burger with exactly what we wanted on it and cooked to our preference. Every restaurant should do that.笑
Best burgers and bar in anthem. Kevin is an A1 bartender. Beer selection is best in town.

Only thing missing is some live music笑
It was first time trying Tru Burger and I was disappointed.  The place looks nice and quaint, but the quality of the food for the price you pay is poor.  I ordered the California burger with a turkey burger wrapped in lettuce- the turkey patty was a premade frozen patty, not freshly homemade.  Lettuce was just placed on top, not wrapping the burger so pretty much had to eat it with a fork and knife.  I expected a little more out of a $10 burger that didn't come with any sides. My husband had a chicken burger and again it was nothing special.笑
Stopped in at Tru Burger last night and would have to say I enjoyed it.  I was a little surprised when I was greeted and seated by a hostes, I was expecting a smash burger or 5 guys type restaurant.   The seating area is small and is is nothing special as we sat inside but the bar and the patio looked inviting and I might find my way back soon.  Family of 4 had 4 burgers, 4 sides, 3 sodas and a water. The bill came to $57.44, a little on the high end for us but worth it in my opinion.  The food did take a little longer than I thought it should take but worth the wait.  Everyone enjoyed their burgers which are good size and filled me up.  Four sides included onion rings, zucchini fries, and sweet potatoe fries, all good.  The zucchini  fries were a little low on the serving size if you ask me.   I had the American classic which was delicious.  I went on the safe side but as good as it was I definitely  will venture into some of the other burgers. As my boys dont get soda all to often when we do let them have some usually the waitress cant keep up but not the case here, the boys never once hit the slurp stages of the drink. The most important thing was my wife liked everything she ordered...very rarely happens.  We will be back笑
This place was awesome! Went after a basketball game with my mom and two of my brothers. Had Jenn as our server and she was fun and kind! The food was amazing and cooked to order! Definitely recommend! :)笑
We went back when they opened and were greeted with a 45 minute wait so we went over to Robertos (can never go wrong there). After waiting a few months we came back. 

I don't know why, but the entrance feels weird, like its cluttered or just too confined. If you sit near the entrance which we did you stare at a TV but the blank wall doesn't do much for the ambiance. The rest of the place looks different and nicer than the front entrance... there is beautiful tile in the rest of the restaurant yet from where I was sitting just looking at a TV and below it was a ton of space and a blank wall with basic looking paint. Possibly a tad boring and uninspiring from that vantage point. Perhaps next time we'll sit somewhere else. 

On to the food. We had burgers with lettuce wraps, a Moscow Mule that was served in a glass (kinda weird instead of the tin cups they usually serve) and a draft beer. The food came out within maybe 8-10 minutes, really fast and was quite good. I think the price of Sweet Potato Fries was a little high but felt the rest was decent. My last comment is that they tout antibiotic and hormone free meat and then they serve it with Ketchup on the table that has high fructose corn syrup. Shame. There are a lot of Ketchup's out there without HFCS. 

In all, Good place for Happy Hour and hope they continue to do well. We would try and get the same server again as she was great.笑
Tru Burger, when it first opened everyone was super excited about it, so I went for lunch a few weeks after they first opens and their burgers are good and really fresh tasting. But then a few weeks after that we went again for dinner, the burgers were dry, service was slow(we were the only people in the restaurant) and so since we didn't enjoy our experience we decided to talk to the manager and so she told us that there were only TWO COOKS IN THE KITCHEN. And she also told us that a person was also being trained also. But this was like two months ago and I hope that they have better service and more people in the kitchen. I just forgot to write my review. This review was written to be used as constructive criticism and not intended to offend anyone who works at "Tru Burger Food Co.) I thank you for reading this review and I hope that you found it helpful. :)笑
My mom and I stopped here for lunch en route from PHX to the mountains. What a great spot! The food was great, but the service was even better! My palette and appetite tends to be better satisfied by a kid's menu. Seriously! IOW, a monster burger isn't on my list of must-haves. That said, our waitress (Christine?) was so accommodating and understanding and offered sliders as an alternative to the mega burgers on the menu. Sliders and fries and a beer and a Diet Coke :: yes please! My mom had the turkey burger and loved it as well! We also tried the fried pickles, which were awesome as well. Many thanks for warmly welcoming road-weary travelers! We'll definitely be back when we can stay a while (read: have another round or two!).笑
Had dinner tonight with the wife and kids. Food was great. Alicia, our waitress, was attentive and a great representative for true burger. Kids eat free on Monday night... That was a bonus for us we did not know and they took it off the bill without our knowledge of the fact. My hamburger was cooked to order. That's rare... Haha. Great overall experience!笑
For a business being open for just three days they did an awesome job.  The fried green beans were amazing.  My wife had to stop me from eating them all before my burger came out.  Burger was spot on. Service was excellent.  I want to welcome you to the Anthem Community and wish nothing but success.笑
First time here, great burgers, great service. Prices can't be beat, especially in an area like Anthem. Give them a try! Plus, they have a dog free patio!!!笑
Tru Burger tried, so I have to give them that, but in almost every other capacity there is a misstep. I will give them the fact that they have a nice half bar and a good view, but what really irks me is the effort and care put in the food. If you're going to name your restaurant after a food item, it better be one of the best damn versions of that dish I've ever had, and honestly, the burgers here and extraordinarily disappointing. 

The toppings are definitely plentiful in relation to a fast food restaurant, but even In N Out has much tastier and juicier burgers than this place. There's various other items on the menu that are very american if you don't feel like having a burger, but honestly, why name your restaurant "Tru Burger" and not take it to the next level? I think the group I was with paid about 10-12$ per burger and I'd rather have gone to Two Brothers up the street or In N Out down 17. I am telling you now, these burgers are lackluster and not worthy of asking price. Do yourself a favor and go across the lot to Roberto's (now Tortas Chano). 

Unfortunately, I can't recommend this place, which is a shame because I sorely wanted a unique fun dining experience. The cynic in me is hoping this place shuts down in hopes that maybe somebody more capable can open a restaurant that really makes me want to recommend it to others, otherwise stick to other restaurants in the area.笑
Do not come to Tru Burger if you actually want to eat a burger. Place should not be open as kitchen is understaffed and wait staff is undertrained. 30 minute wait outside even though place is half empty because kitchen can't keep up and when we were seated it was another 60 minutes after our order and still no burger. Our waitress never came by to give us update or refresh drinks. Had to finally track her down as it looked like she was avoiding our table like the plague. Finally she came back from kitchen and told us it would be an additional 20 minutes for our 4 burgers. We all got up and left. So I can't review the food but I will tell you the one Arnold Palmer I had was refreshing!笑
This was one of the best burger places I have ever eaten at. It compares to Vogue Burger out in Surprise, but more casual than Vogue. I have only had the American Kobe bacon cheeseburger and Parmesan fries and it was done well. Can't give them any higher rating (used to have to drive quite a distance to get even close to the quality my wife and I were used to).笑
My husband and I were excited to have a new resteraunt in Anthem so we stopped here for a late lunch. (2:00) this past Wednesday.  We were promptly greeted at the door and asked to sit outside.  There were probably about 25 diners already seated both inside and outside but plenty of open tables.  Here is where their service is lacking and one of the main reasons I am only giving them 3 stars.   We probably waited a good 10 minutes before anyone came over to take a drink order.  I ordered an ice tea and my husband ordered a beer.  My tea came in a reasonable period of time but my hubby's beer took another 10 minutes.  I just don't understand how it takes 10 minutes to pour and serve a draft beer!  Our server then took our order (hubby ordered the Kobe burger and I ordered the bison burger) and we split an order of fries.  Food came out in a fairly reasonable timeframe.  My bison burger was cooked just right and tasted great and ny husband said his was cooked perfectly but he was not a fan of the bun.  He had the basic white bun, I ordered mine with the whole wheat.  Fries were excellent!  Pricing on their food items is a bit high for what you get.  If you order a burger, that is all you get.  Everything else is extra.  In a nutshell, we will probably go back after they hopefully work out the service issues.笑
Ok for a burger place. Nothing exceptional. If your specialty burgers then your burgers should knock people's socks off. Unfortunately these do not. Not sure but burgers taste unseasoned. Toppings are average. Service is good but not very many people here right now. All in all didn't feel I got my money's worth...笑
This place has some issues. I'm not sure where to start, but let's try the confusion regarding where we wanted to sit. The two hostesses couldn't decide which was going to seat us; inside or out, booth or a table (we'd asked for a booth). 

When we sat, there was this parade of people bringing us things that the table needed; flatware, water, condiments. Why not have the table set? It seemed like there were so many people running around; back and forth to the tables, the bar, the kitchen... This place isn't big enough for this.

We both ordered burgers and fries. It took about 25 minutes for the order to come out. The burgers were ok, but it took way too long. We also didn't appreciate "medium" and "well" as the only choices for doneness.  Some people are going to want rare, I would take medium well. 

I don't really know anything about running a restaurant, but I have some suggestions for the owners, if they read this:

First: have one hostess. You don't need two. If you are trying to give young people jobs, have one of them expedite orders.

You don't need so many servers on duty at one time. They are tripping over each other when its busy. Unless there something weird going on in the kitchen, that's where the help is needed. 

Several other reviews complain about the time it takes for food to come out. Maybe you can't speed up the kitchen, but people come in hungry. Maybe offer to bring out the sides first? Figure out a way to have an inexpensive app, like potato chips and a dip or tortilla chips and salsa? How is it that a place like Zinburger can be so much more efficient?笑
Service and food are pretty decent - we waited almost 40 minutes to be seated when we were told 20.  What got me confused is that the outside patio was almost empty, but the wait for outside seating was still 20 minutes? Their California burger and zucchini fries were delicious - my son also enjoyed their chicken tenders with fries.笑
Carly was a great server!! We picked the perfect time of day to go for lunch..Around 11ish. Burgers and garlic Parmesan fries tasted great and our drinks stayed full.笑
Despite some pretty bad reviews, I thought I would give them a try. I had a good experience. From order to food delivery it was about 15-20 min. The fries are really good. Had the sweet potato and garlic parm fries. The burgers were good. They only offer them in medium or well done. I ordered medium, but the meat was much closer to the medium well spectrum. The burgers had great taste though and I got really good service. The only thing really keeping this place from 5 stars was the flies. There were quite a few of them flying around the inside. Other then that, I will be back again. I hope they keep refining their process and work out the kinks. Anthem needs more diversity in the way of food.笑
Great first visit to Tru Burger today. Kids were visiting and they had a new puppy so we sat on patio. Staff turned on musters for us and brought an iced water bowl for the pup.

My Marine son had a burger and it was so good looking. I had a Cobb salad and it was great. Prices were very reasonable.笑
We have been here a few time now and keep going because of the food, and hoping to find a good server. The service is always lacking, no one that works there smiles or has any personality, they all seem to hate their jobs and do the bare minimum.  The location, menu and atmosphere are great this place has so much potential if the service staff was just revamped. 

Also the last time my husband and I ate there it was slow, staff hanging out in a booth by host stand. The restrooms were filthy!! Trash all over floor, sink a mess etc. seems like if they had the time to hang out by the restrooms someone could have picked the stuff up.  

I hope we find a good server there we can ask for, we'd go more often and enjoy the experience more.笑
Well, the first time we ate at Tru Burger it was wonderful and I was excited to return. Now, I don't know if I will ever return. First of all, no one waited on us when we came in the door and there were very few people in the restaurant. My husband had to find someone so we could be seated because the sign said, "wait to be seated"-another gentleman had the same issue. It was difficult to get refills on drinks because the waitstaff seemed to be in the kitchen all the time-not sure what they were doing in there. 

The worst thing is that the booth we were in was filled with dead flies--on the floor, seats, and windowsills. It was so disgusting to try and eat while looking at how gross these decaying flies were. when we brought it to the attention of the waitstaff, the answers were interesting: "we don't use this booth much" "hardly anyone sits here" "we have a fly problem" and when we inquired about not cleaning this booth, "it gets cleaned... sometime, but the cleaner booths are to the back of the restaurant" wow!

There were no apologies, no offers to clean the windowsills (top and bottom), nothing. I would imagine that the owner must live in another state because surely he or she would not want a restaurant filled with dead flies! I mean, it cannot be sanitary and it cannot be good for business! The lack of concern on the part of the waitstaff is also very concerning to me as I wonder what the state of the kitchen is and what dead things may have been laying on my food before I ate it. I sure hope we don't get sick.笑
We had lunch here today and we really enjoyed it. The hostess was very personable and quoted us an accurate ten minute wait. Once seated, our server greeted us promptly and brought us drinks. The food was excellent! We ordered wings as an appetizer and they were crispy, perfectly cooked and coated with a delicious hot sauce. Our burgers were excellent as well--all the toppings were fresh and the bun was soft but firm enough to hold everything together. The burger itself was very flavorful and juicy--no need for ketchup! The fries and onion rings were hot and well prepared. Our server, Christine, was very personable and attentive throughout the meal. NOW, here is the reason for the 3 stars...
We were there for over an hour and a half. The ticket times on the food were well over a half hour--per course. They were busy, but not that busy. We totally understand that this is a new establishment and that clearly the kitchen has some timing issues to work out. But they need to get them worked out--and hopefully soon! This place has a lot going for it, great menu, great people and good execution of food--just bad time management in the kitchen. We will be back for sure and I will update my review after future visits. Looking forward to trying more menu items next time!笑
First experience here was a good one.  I got a turkey burger which I thought was excellent.  Our waitress was great and didn't have any delays or issues with any service.  I'd definitely go back.笑
I don't get out to anthem much but was in the area last week and was craving a veggie burger so my BF and I decided to check Tru Burger out.
The restaurant it pretty cute, small, but I liked it he atmosphere there, I was unsure of what to expect. We were pretty pumped to see fried pickles as an appetizer, I feel like those can be hard to come by sometimes, especially really good ones! They were so tasty, perfect batter to pickle ratio and the house made ranch was the perfect dipping sauce. I was excited to see a build your own veggie burger option. You do have to order fries separately but we didn't try those this time. I got a veggie burger with a whole wheat bun, mixed greens, tomato, onion, avocado, and fresh mozzarella. I also got 3 sauces on the side, honey mustard, jalapeño aioli, and I think red pepper mayo. I thought it was cool to get to try three sauces and not have to pay extra! I was a tad disappointed to see it was just a small morning star burger, kinda wish they would've said so on the menu. I could barely taste the patty with all that bread and veggie but it was still yummy. I especially liked the fresh mozzarella. My BF got a grass fed burger and he absolutely loved it. I would love to come back here to bring some carnivores haha. Great service too, I was happy with my experience!笑
So good! Been here 3 times so far, every time is the same great service and awesome food. Today, our waitress so sweet and patient, we came in with a little one and the waitress interacted with her and actually paid attention to what she may need also. Be it a small cup, food brought out early to cool and menu suggestions. Great experience, every time!笑
Definitely not ready for the big time yet Great location, fantastic outdoor area but that's pretty much were it stops. 45 minute wait for a very average burger. I would describe the burger as greasy and uninspiring definitely not worthy of its price tag today.
One patron was told it would be an hour wait for take-out of course that was unacceptable and he walked out. I would tell you to sit this one out be patient and maybe after they work out all the kinks 60 days for now give it a try. I like their wine list and some healthy options do exist on the menu. Let's hope these guys can turn it around before it's too late,笑
After reading some of the reviews, I was skeptical about this place but our experience was nothing short of INCREDIBLE! Best burgers I have ever had and the Parmesan garlic fries were delicious! Prices are competitive and not unreasonable. Service was also fantastic. We will definitely be back!!笑
Really great, fresh food. We had the pastrami burger and jalapeño burger. Reasonable prices, family of 4, two kuds meals, ate and drank for $60. Don't forget the fries!笑
Great food and great service. Had a small glitch with the bill but management was great and resolved it on the spot. If you're looking for a great burger this is the place. Solid bar too, if you haven't had the Moscow Mule this is the place to try it. Green Chili Burger and truffle fries...the way to end the week with good friends笑
Happy to say that my husband and I went with our daughter and grandsons for dinner last night and things are looking up!  Waitress was seasoned and wonderful.  head waitress helped bring out the order and noticed that the plate for our grandson was way too hot for a child and took it back to put on a cooler plate!
My husband and daughter had the Cali burger and enjoyed it.  I had the special "fish and chips".  we were all happy.  my husband ordered the buffalo chips and my daughter ordered the green bean fries-they were both great.  The boys ordered the mac and cheese and the hot dog.  they were also very happy.

I do wish they included the fries w/ the burgers and sandwiches though.笑
Excellent in every way. The service is excellent, the food is devine, the prices are reasonable and we enjoyed ourselves immensely. Gourmet burgers and side dishes cooked over an open flame, who could ask for more? Was absolutely impressed and will definitely come again. Word of caution, if you are in a hurry you should consider going somewhere else. Gourmet food cannot be rushed.笑
Had the Bison with Blue Cheese and Applewood Bacon, added a side of skinny fries. Had live music so had something to listen to while waiting for my food. Wasn't bad either. Burger came out juicy and cooked to order. Fries were ok. Burger was so flavorfull. Tried two of the sauces. I love hot and the habenro was delicious hot and flavorful. It didn't compliment the burger but I had it on the side and ate my fries with it. The Chipotle went perfect with the burger but it was good enough on its own. I've been told I'm intimidating (i look mean I'm not at all)so maybe why bartender didn't chat with me much but other then that everything was good. I will be back to build something else.笑
Our experience at TruBurger was unfortunate. The service was seriously lacking. About the time we were wondering if a server was ever going to come over, we saw two other tables complain that no one had come take their drink or food orders, and they had been seated longer than we had. So one of the owners eventually came and took care of our orders before it became a third complaint. He was very nice, but the burgers were lack luster and mine was overcooked. The fries tasted like they had been sitting under a heater for hours. Not a great combination when the burger alone was $10 not including the fries! Additionally, throughout our meal, we repeatedly overheard the employee who was supposed to be our server, bash the hostess and the other servers to her customers! She was blaming them for the fact that she was behind with her tables. So unprofessional and annoying, and for that I'm grateful the owner took over our table. I expected the restaurant to have potential, but the awful layout of the dining space, less than satisfactory food, and a serious need for server training, I will be surprised if this restaurant makes it. We will not be back.笑
Our first visit to  Tru Burger wish I would have gone to In and Out.  If the word burger is in the name of your restaurant you should have great burgers. I ordered the barbecue burger medium.  It arrived burnt, I sent it back the second one was better but tasted like a frozen ages beef patty no seasoning and the bacon wasn't cooked all the way. Major fail with my burger. My boyfriend got the bison burger his was cooked medium as ordered. We shared the sweet potato fries they where over salted and seemed to have been frozen. 

The service was slow we finally had a different waitress stop by and refilled our drinks. The waitress was all over place with tables and they where not packed.  I asked for a box to go she brought it right away then 10 minutes later asked if we wanted our check. Duh when someone gets a box to go and the other persons plate is empty they are ready to go. It took her 15 mins to bring the check we just handed her our card before she could leave for another 10 mins or more.

This place has a lot to learn about running a restaurant. The front is run poorly and the food isn't worth the money. Head down the road to In and Out burger. Then go across the street to Azools where the drinks are cheaper.

If your charging $10 for just a burger it better be fantastic and it's not worth  $5.笑
We customized our burgers, and they were outstanding.  The server was such a sweetheart, as she brought our lil one something to drink for free when she saw her little sippie cup was empty.  We can't wait to go back!笑
Food decent ... No happy hour pricing would hold off till they get their act together笑
Delicious, quality food!!! Sometimes the service can be slow but it is worth it for the burgers and fries!!笑
Of course had to try this place out since it is the first new restaurant in Anthem in a while.  Also, I'm always up for a burger.  First I want to say the service was excellent.  We wanted to order a burger to go so we got a seat at the bar and placed our order.  We got a a couple drinks while we were waiting as well.  We both ended up getting the blue cheese burger and side or sweet potato fries.  Both burgers were excellent and served fresh. Probably the best place for a burger right now in Anthem just because the burger wasn't too overwhelming in size in ratio to the bun.  I find a lot of places either make the burger too large or too small for the bun, which is just not right.笑
I order the veggie burger with gluten free bun, it was excelente, the fries were not that good,i was expecting more natural skin fries. Liked the place, defintely coming back.笑
It was OK. But the number of Flies where disgusting. 

Why didn't they stick with their same setup as Blu burger in Scottsdale (which we go to monthly)The whole vibe was a step above Jack in the Box...but not by much. 

No Kobe beef and a poor wine selection( compared to the owners other places Blu Burger or Grape Wine Bistro). My Habanero burger was lacking in the toppings compared to the same burger served at Blu Burger in Scottsdale and the Angus burger looked and tasted on par with a frozen patty i can get at Safeway. I Had high hopes that Anthem would get something on par with Scottsdale or Cave Creek but this isnt it. 

We probably will be back, because what else is there?!?!笑
Set your expectations - this is not fast food. It takes a while to cook the most awesome burger ever. But the price is right and the service was excellent. We spoke with both the owner and manager and learned the half pound burgers can take up to 20 minutes to cook,  so be patient. 

Pro: excellent quality, large portions, reasonable price (maybe too low), excellent service, nice ambiance.  

Con: takes a while.  Just don't be in a hurry.  If you're rushed, Jack in the Box is across the street.笑
Great burgers! Good quality meat, wife got the blue burger and i got the whiskey burger and they were both great! Great service too!笑
The staff is very friendly and nice. They have a lot of different meats for burgers . The elk burger was just ok not much flavor. The buns need to be grilled and was not vet fresh笑
The good....seated quickly...
The bad....waited 40 min for 3 burgers
The good....the burger was really good!
The bad...for $11 maybe you could throw in a few fries?

We will probably go back in a pinch but $11 for a burger and nothing else on the plate is a little pricey...especially when it takes 40 minutes to be served.

The server was awesome and apologetic and the manager came and apologized twice....hopefully they will get their feet under them and turn some of that around.笑
I used to be okay with overspending here. I used to be okay with waiting on hold for 17 minutes to place a to go order at 11:15 am on a Tuesday in quiet ole Anthem, Az, here. I used to even be okay with the $3 sodas here or even the lack of any type of greeting I have ever received in the dozens of times that I've entered the business here. That was until I heard that the servers and bartenders started shaming customers for not leaving a tip for their to go order. Do you tip the guy at mc Donald's for ringing up and bringing out your burger? Hell no. And at least when I go to McDonalds I get a hello and thank you for coming in. It's 2017 and business is about a lot more than just what's put into your product. It's about people and the collection of staff here has no grasp of this concept. 

UNLESS YOU'RE PREPARED FOR YOUR NAME AND TIP BEING SCATTERED ACROSS VARIOUS SOCIAL MEDIA PLATFORMS, DON'T USE THIS ESTABLISHMENT.笑
This was our second time eating here. The first time was definitely better than the second. My husband got a bison burger that was rare in the middle and he became sick after we arrived home. Our Thursday evening dinner service was terrible. The bartender was working double duty at the bar and waiting tables at the outdoor patio, which means we had to wait. The first time we ate lunch and the second time we ate dinner. I'm not sure we'd go back for dinner. We might give lunch another try. In my book, three strikes and you're out!笑
I love this atmosphere..the garage door and bar and outdoor environment is super cool!! The problem is the food is good but the service is poor and this review is not based on one visit this is now my 3rd try. This place could rock. Come on guys the cold weather is here your place and food are good manage it!!笑
Tonight I had probably one of the worst dining experiences I've had in a LOOONNNG time. Lemme preface this by letting you know that my father is a huge fan of this place; my mom and him go weekly, which means they are excellent customers! I was visiting, and although I don't eat burgers, I had a dirty martini--very good dirty martini, so there's that.

This particular night, our was extremely friendly. No she couldn't turn on a heat lamp, but everyone has their weaknesses. "No biggy" I thought..."She's fun!" Then things went down hill, FAST. She mentioned how the cook wasn't there, so the manager was cooking...Yikes. We all ordered our drinks and about 20 minutes later they arrived. So right away I thought, they're backed up, it'll get better...She'll check in on us cause she's nice and friendly. Nope. About 20 minutes after our drinks came she took our very small order (we've now been here for 40 minutes). Throughout the next hour or so everyone around us was getting served. Even the manager came out to talk to a table behind us...As for our table?? NO love. About an hour or so the food came. To be fair, it looked good, and my family enjoyed it. However, while waiting an hour for the food we didn't really see our waitress; I think I asked 2 other waitresses for water about 4 times, and finally got it. 

Here's the thing. The food is most likely good, good drinks too, but I've never heard SO MANY excuses. If I had a customer that came to my restaurant weekly, you bet your sweet ass I'd make it right in the end. No such luck at the 'ol Tru Burger.笑
A new place, only opened yesterday. 

My Chicken Pear Salad had a generous serving of chicken. The rest of the ingredients were very fresh with nicely balanced flavors. 

C's burger was very tall with all the extras she ordered. Tastey but ordered medium and one side was definitely rare. Gluten free bun ($1 extra) was excellent for GF.

The owner compensated for the partly rare burger with a gift card. Fair enough. 

We will definitely try again!笑
We had a super friendly waitress. She was very attentive. We all order burgers and they were cooked exactly as requested which for our group ranged from well to rare. The Blue Burger was yummy.笑
The food has been pretty good. I have been there three times and have enjoyed their chicken avacado sandwiches and pear salads.  The brownie sundae dessert want to good because it was dried out. Service is hit and miss. They are all vertu friendly, but I've had several occasions that it was hard to get their attention for refills, get bill, or place order. I'll visit again.笑
Today my gal and I went to have lunch and ordered lettuce wrapped burgers. The burgers were delivered in paper wrappers and there was a turf of lettuce coming from the top. It was funny at first until juices began flowing down our arms. After ditching paper found the lettuce was not wrapping burger. After ditching the lettuce"wrapping" we began a grisly and bone chipped chew on the patties. After two bites we ditched the patties, and enjoyed the sweet potatoe and green bean fries. This was the most expensive fries meal I ever purchased. Still tipped the waitress cause you could see she was embarrassed about the food. Needless to say I will not be returning. If you choose to go I would recommend purchasing the highest quality of beef they have to offer, maybe you will get lucky!笑
We have been to Tru Burger 3 times now and each visit has gotten progressively better. The burgers are tasty, sweet potato fries are good & they have a buffalo chip appetizer that is yummy. Service is the biggest issue, as the food seems to take longer than it should to come out. Our servers have been great & always apologize for the wait. We will be back & I will hopefully be able to update my stars!笑
This is a moderately upscale burger joint, with good food and service. The interior of the restaurant is pleasant and comfortable, and the best part of the dining experience is that there is a large, dog-friendly patio, so if you're inclined toward bringing your pooch with you, this is definitely the place to go.

You get to choose from a menu of numerous different burgers, such as the Blue Burger, with blue cheese and caramelized onions, or the California burger, which includes Swiss cheese mushrooms, and other ingredients on a wheat bun. 

If the Tru Burgers don't appeal, you can build your burger to specification, choosing the type of bun, the type of protein, cheese, veggies and condiments. There are also salads and other sandwiches available, as well as snacks and sides such as fries and onion rings. 

I am addicted to the Blue burger, and onion rings when I feel like blowing my diet. On our last visit I ventured off the burger menu and ordered the Southwest Patty Melt, which is just wonderful. 

If the owner would finally offer brioche buns and grass fed beef, I would give this place five stars instead of four.笑
This place SUCKS!  Don't bother going here.  They were new with long waits and service was horrible when we got in.  My burger was medium RAW when I ordered medium.  Went back a second time.  The wait was gone.  Seated right away and place was half full.  Nobody came to greet us or give us water or take a drink order.  We left after 15 minutes with no contact.  I predict the will go out of business in a few months.  Good luck with your existence!笑
Glad I stopped in to try this place out, I was not disappointed. I had the habanero burger and zucchini fries. The burger was hot and cooked to perfection. The zucchini fries were some of the best I've ever had. Service was also very good, judging by the full restaurant I'm sure this place will be successful. I know I will be bringing my wife back so she can try their hotdogs.笑
Went here again a few days ago. Again everything was great! The happy hour specials are awesome... Just wish there were even more options on the food ones. The pear chicken goat cheese salad is fantastic! All the meats here are awesome quality and the flavors are on point! The Kobe beef burger is awesome and a great price in my opinion for that quality of burger! Server was a little green but very sweet.笑
My family and I visited this restaurant twice. The first time was not that great but not that bad. It took about thirty to forty-five minutes for us to receive two burgers and two fries. We returned a second night a week later as the place was newly opened and we thought to give them the benefit of the doubt and try a second time. This second time we were told it would be a thirty minute wait. After forty-five minutes we were finally seated and we ordered within five minutes of being seated. Appetizers were being brought out pretty quickly throughout the restaurant but we didn't see many burgers. After about thirty minutes they brought us a complimentary appetizer to snack on while we waited. After about forty-five minutes my dad went to go speak to the manager who we had seen wandering around about three times, never once coming to speak to us, but he would not talk with my dad, rather avoided the situation at hand. Watching others around the restaurant who were finally being served after waiting just as long as us, their food was not coming out all together. Finally, after over an hour of waiting we were served our order, four burgers with four sides of fries. My sister's burger was overcooked and her's and my mom's fries were cold. The manager actually helped serve us, dropping off two of our burgers, but did not speak a word to us. Very disappointed in this place because it was very exciting to get a new restaurant in town. I'll give them another six months to see if they've improved but for now it's a big no from my family and me.笑
Ok so a burger is a big contender when getting a review. So many different flavors in the meat alone can make or break a burger joint. Well Tru-Burger hits the mark perfectly on flavor, price, and toppings. My usual is a burger topped with cheese, egg, bacon, and some minimal fixings. And on the side, their amazing Garlic Parma fries. When I go for holidays in Az from Canada....this is my Burger go too place. Great food, amazing drinks and a friendly staff allows me to give it 5 stars. But like I said...when it comes to burgers, every palate is different. For me, this is the burger.笑
The food is delicious and they have a variety of different dipping sauces go try with anything. My favorite part of the menu is the appetizers, every one of them is amazingly good. I wish they had more low fat options then a few salads. Every time we have come we had good service and friendly faces, we will be back soon!笑
Great burgers with quality meats. They will serve rare!!! Full bar good choice of beers and they carry Chartreuse.笑
Monday, April 27, 7 PM:  Granted they just opened (over a week ago) and everyone in Anthem wants to give it a try because a serious lack of dining options, but their front-of-the-house service is a failure and their kitchen has serious problems. We waited 37 minutes to be seated, even though there were plenty of open tables (understaffed after just opening?). 40 minutes after placing our order we had to ask our server to come to the table and we had to ask about our order. He returned and said "..sorry it's WAY down the line".  Told him we could not wait. Never an offer of anything to tide us over, no explanation, and no apology with a coupon to come back. Just "...sorry nothing I can do."  Most fast food places are better organized, even with minimum wage help.  Could keep going but I'm sure they'll "discount" the worst comments and attribute it to their soft opening period where they'll shake it down and get it right....  sure.笑
Visited Tru Burger on Saturday, May 2nd.  Arrived at 11:30 and we were greeted by an unfriendly hostess that by her attitude obviously expected and or hoped we'd leave when we were told there was a 30 minute wait. 

We stood near the doorway to wait for a table.  This gave me a great amount of time to look over the newly opened restaurant.  The entry way leads you right to the bathrooms.  The Hostess stand is off a small entry way that leads to the dining area.  Not the most inviting entrance as you witness people coming and going from the bathroom as you try to enter.  

After about 10 minutes of waiting, two young gentlemen arrived and were also told that there was a wait.  However, the hostess decided to flirt with them and was much more friendly and even advised them that they could wait at the bar for a table.  We had no idea that there was even a bar (you can't see it because of the ridiculous entry way).  A manager soon came up and asked the hostess if she was letting people know they could wait at the bar, to which she replied "Yes, of course".....prompting me to ask the Manager if there was a bar?  Would it be okay if waited there?  

As we made our way back to the bar area, we noticed quickly that they weren't full or even at 60% capacity, with multiple empty, clean tables.  We walked outside on the patio and sat at the bar area that is attached to the inner bar through a huge window.  We then noticed the young guys that came in after us already seated with beers and food.  Upon sitting at the bar, the bar tender literally rolled his eyes and walked off.  We sat and waited another 8-10 minutes (now right at 30 minutes total) and he came back to the bar and never once asked if he could get us something to drink.  As he stopped to chit chat with young girls sitting at the bar, we realized it was time to leave.  

We overheard two of the waitresses tell the manager and hostess that they could seat more in their section.  However, the manager did not.  There were probably a good 40% of the inside tables available and only one table seated on the outside patio.

It is quite evident that rude and unprofessional hostess's and bartenders are employed by this establishment.  Not sure why a hostess is even needed, an extra waiter or two might be a good idea especially if a manager is going to only allow servers 3 tables at a time.  The manager walked right by us as we left the establishment without ever ordering a thing. 

The food looked okay.  I overheard a lady at the bar complain about the patty being overcooked and dry. However, in the service industry you can have the best food in the world - but if your customer service is awful you will lose more customers than you gain.笑
BBQ burger was good 
Prices are good 
Hot fries are always a plus 
Kid grilled cheese not so good 
The way the boy cleaned up 
CRAZY to say not so good 
Don't rush here笑
The ambience is great with it open concept and heater blazing I was enjoying my meal while watching the sunset and water fountain, nice to wind down and reflect on a Sunday Twilight evening....

The wonderful meal & refreshment at Tru Burger are awesome...... I go to high end restaurants like maestro or ocean prime and always feel like geeeshhh a burger cost what????? Now I go to tru burger all the time and truly believe anthem has a special place, it's about darn time! Davin was my waiter/bartender great service, attentive, friendly and awesome at making one of the best bloody marry I've every consumed. It was a wonderful cocktail,  a true alchemist with the spirits Davin.笑
After ordering the wait for the food was unbearable.  The burgers were not good. Mine was missing avocado.  The bottom of the bun was over cooked. The meat was dry.  If we had brought wine maybe we wouldn't have been so aware of the entire situation. Unfortunately we got one of the last tables after we arrived.  Sad as the waitress was very nice and apologetic.笑
Went in for the first time last night and were seated right away.  Our server immediately  came over and grabbed our drink order while we checked out the menu.  It was happy hour, so we decided  to try a couple different  things.  We started off with the fried zucchini  and the fried pickles.  When they were brought out, I was thrilled to see spears of pickles instead of the small rounds I had gotten everywhere else.  They were phenomenal!!!  No soggy pickle chips at this place.  Not too much breading and fantastic dill flavor.  The zucchini  was also very good.  For the next course we each tried sliders.  My boyfriend got pastrami sliders and I got the regular burger sliders.  The pastrami was described  more as a reuben, with sauerkraut  and 1000 Island dressing.   He got them with just pastrami, swiss and mustard.  I don't  normally  care for pastrami, but this was so good, I would even consider ordering it for myself.  My burger came with cheese and carmelized  onions.  Very delicious.   Great service and excellent food, we will definitely  be back!笑
Had lunch today with husband and we were pleasantly surprised.  Hamburgers and fries were excellent. We had not been there in quite some time and  had heard great reviews from friends recently.   Aaron, our server, had a wonderful personality and a great since of  humor.  He went out of his way to make us feel welcome with friendly conversation.  We plan to return!笑
The food was great and very nice staff. The down side is the wait for your order. The price for a burger is a little high.笑
Had the turkey club, it was well done. Kids burger was a good size with choice of fries or apple sauce. Sadly, the service was a group of confused young ladies lacking in good service while they were busy just planning aloud of their weekend Vegas trip.笑
Went in today for a late lunch. Hardly any other patrons and was seat yourself.  Some one came over fairly quickly with a menu and took drink order then proceeded to disappear.  Some one else came by a few minutes later and wondered if I had been waited on then left.  After another few minutes gave up and left.  Third visit food is only OK and service is awful.  Don't waste your $$$.  Maybe they'll go out of business and we can get a good burger restaurant in Anthem笑
Bill Parcells the former NFL coach once famously said... "You are what your record says you are."   And that is how I would describe Tru Burger 3 -3.5 stars.  C+ to B-.  Having read many of the reviews after they opened it was obvious they needed time to work out the kinks.  Recent reviews seemed to be improving so I decided to go for happy hour at the bar on a Monday.  When I sat down there was nobody else in the bar.  Service was good.  Bartender was on point.  Speed and food however are still an issue.  I ordered the Buffalo Chips and they are very good.  Right amount of buffalo sauce and ranch to the amount of chips, and a generous amount of blue cheese crumbles on top.  The problem...the chips took almost 30 minutes to arrive.  I asked the bartender if I had ordered them or not I couldn't remember.  I followed it up with the BBQ Burger.  It was fine, 3 stars maybe.  The burger comes with bacon, bbq sauce, cheddar cheese and onion rings on top.  The weakest part of the hamburger was the meat itself.  The patty appears to be pre-formed like Costco.  Not great flavor.  Sweet potato fries are good.   

Overall, some good, some bad.  Just about what their record says they are.笑
Awesome burgers, love the decor and it is a welcome change of pace in Anthem! Definitely coming back for more!笑
The food is great ,but the service is very bad. If they don't get their act together, they will lose a lot of business.笑
Excellent service and great burgers. A place shouldn't get a lack of stars due to a wait time. It's about quality of service and food and this place gets 5 stars for both.笑
Over the last 6 months, James Colberg, the new General Manager of Tru Burger, has turned this restaurant into our favorite place to eat!  It is a unique, relaxed, one-of-a-kind eatery that we thoroughly enjoy bringing family and friends to . . . including children and grandchildren!!! 
How refreshing!!!!  

Tru Burger offers a wonderful selection of delicious, high-quality food, a wonderful and well-stocked bar, great beer selections, and very friendly and efficient service.  My favorite food items are the fresh Salmon Filet burger (no ground salmon for me, thank you very much!), the customized California Burger, the Caprese Salad, the Cobb Salad, and the Fried Zucchini appetizer.  

Thank you James, and thank you to the entire Tru Burger staff!笑
I liked the CA burger and sweet Potatoe fries. My date liked his whiskey burger and cheesy bacon fries.  Best of all, a full bar.笑
My son and his wife and I decided to have a quick burger for dinner on Mother's Day. They had been to Tru Burger before, had a less than thrilling experience, but we were all in to give it another try. We were told there would be a 35 minute wait for a table, so we went to the bar.....noticing MANY empty tables inside and out. It took pretty close to the 35 minute wait to get a table and probably another 35 to get the appetizer we'd ordered and drinks. The pile of chips and dip was a zero for presentation and zero point five for flavor. We finally ordered dinner...by the time it came we had been sitting at our table for over 2 hours and it was COLD! Two hours for 3 burgers and fries and it is cold ? Fast food can do it in about 5 minutes and it may be garbage, but it is hot and looks tasty. We spoke with the waitress (Christine...a gem...she was embarrassed), the owner, the mgr and a couple of other poor excuses for someone in charge. Lots of bs about taking time to craft fine food etc......we'd been there forever and folks next to us had been there nearly as long and they got free potato chips. Our dinner was comped but inedible.....wouldn't offer this slop to my dogs. I did give Christine a $20 tip; none if it was her fault ! The bartenders are kind of rude and I don't know who or what is in the kitchen pretending to cook, but this place is HORRIBLE !
I always want to see people succeed, but there is no chance for this poor excuse
Thanks for the nice Mothers Day
Kate Manning
PS one star because I do not know how to make it less笑
First their entrance into the restaurant is awful. It's not inviting at all, definite turnoff. Onto the food. I had the Chicken sandwich and it was stringy chicken breast thrown together with no pride of ownership. It was like eating a sloppy joe. I would not come back based on spending $15 as a single and not enjoying the food or atmosphere. There are much better hamburger joints in Anthem.笑
No, sir.  This is not fake.  In fact I never leave reviews...  I was there on Friday night for happy hour.  We sat on the patio.  We had calamari, fish tacos and sliders.  We also had a few beers.  Like I said the beer was good ( thanks to the waiters recommendation).  The calamari was well over cooked (I might even say burnt).  The fish tacos we tried....  The fish was stringy and had a bad smell.  The shell was rubbery.  The sliders were over cooked.  The fries were just ok at best.  I hope this clarifies.笑
We are residents of Anthem and ate at TruBurger tonite for the first time in quite awhile..not because of any issue on previous visits.  We liked it but dont eat hamburgers very often...well tonite we had a great experience and meal there and wanted to share...its sat nite and not many options to be honest..greeted by a friendly hostess,  seated right away, busy but a happy looking crowd and orders coming out quickly. We had the good fortune of having Aaron aka the manager wait on us and i must say had a most positive experience. He was funny, personable,  honest and attentive even while keeing eye on the whole operation around him..hes great and liked the whole atmosphere there...food was very good and while a big burger for me was very good and the pre burger salad delicious.
They do have some other options and have had the blt in thr past and very good. We will be back and hope others in tbe Anthem  area support our local restaurants...
I was impressed on the entire experience being a busy Sat nite and hope continued success for Aaron and his staff! See u again soon for sure!笑
Great casual atmosphere. There's as much outdoor seating as indoors. Windows are really roll up garage doors. Open on this awesome night..... Breeze blowing through. Ordered the Green Chili Burger......cooked exactly as ordered. Onion rings are real..... Hand battered. Great meal.笑
Wanted to like this place we could use some good independent restaurants up here. The only thing I can recommend is the chicken fingers on the kids menu.  Burger I had was requested to be medium. It was well done and had no flavor. The bun was grocery store quality.  Fries seemed just to be frozen McDonald's type cut seasoned with garlic. The pickle appetizer was a weird color and the batter did not adhere to the pickle very well. The service while friendly was extremely slow considering it was not very busy.笑
The habanero burger. Well... The bun was good, the burger cooked to perfection but lacking any cohesive flavor. The jalapeños were not grilled which made them rather bitter. The garlic parm fries had too much garlic and the fries reminded me of the kind I'd get in a high school cafeteria. Overall the food was alright but our waitress was superior. Vicki was on top of drinks and was extremely friendly with our kids.笑
Got an extra star since We did eat here this time. Lighter crowd now that it's been open a few weeks. Still a strange vibe. Staff are nice enough. Attentive and polite server. There's a tension in the air that I can't put my finger on. Food was really good. The beer combo of chocolate stout and Blue Moon was terrific. Burger was great. Now for the surprise. I got charged $.50 for pickles. Wife got charged $.50 for lettuce. WTF is that? You get three vegetables. I got lettuce, tomato, onion and - whoa buddy, don't go crazy... pickles! Extra charge there! But only do you know that when you get the receipt. That's bush league stuff. Charge and extra dollar and don't act like you're an upscale burger place. Give me a break.笑
Tru Burger was our very favorite restaurant for the last 6 months, then new owners came on board, and the changes they've made turned this into a typical run-of-the-mill burger place at best!    

Bring back the amazing general manager who turned this place around!!!  Bring back  the great assortment of craft beer, the friendly servers, and bring back the quality food!    Do all this, and we'll be back with bells on!!!笑
Good food and good drinks. We ate the Salmon burger and bison burgers. Very tasty. The fries were delicious too. Nice to have new places to eat. I will definitely come back.笑
Continue to go back and the food and service get better and better. Eating here once every few weeks. They went through a bit of a rough spot a while back, but I have no complaints now. Great food! It seems like the food quality overall has gone up, and is now better than the $16 burger I usually get at True Food in Scottsdale. Keep it up!笑
Just went there today and was very excited to try it. Sat on the patio and service was good at first. Then noticed the entire dining room cleared out and thought it was weird but nobody ever came up to us to say anything. We were sitting outside right by the door. The other patio diners were still there. Thought it was a little weird we had already waited an hour for our food and it wasn't hat busy. About ten minutes later the fire department came and yelled at us to evacuate due to a gas leak. I'm upset because no staff ever told us this as we were sitting there being exposed to gas and it potential danger if a fire broke out. As we hurriedly got up a waitress kind of shouted we didn't have to pay since we hadn't gotten our food. No kidding!! I wouldn't pay even if I had! As we left both of our eyes were burning and we felt dizzy. I understand accidents happen but their lack of direction and notification was ridiculous. Putting our safety at risk. Seriously need to review their disaster plans.笑
At first, I did NOT want to go here. My impression of the reviews was that, this place sucks. They have 100+ reviews and the ratings are crap. So, I was definitely pouting on my way here. I ordered the create your own: wheat bun, chicken, pears, blue cheese, tomatoes, and mixed green. It was bomb.com. The person with me order a burger with bacon and onions or whatever on it. They liked it. For our sides we got sweet potato fries and the garlic ones, they were also delicious. While we were eating, the manager came by and asked how it was and we told him great and then he asked if I wanted my water refilled and I said yes please. He forgot. He realized he forgot and apologized and got us water togo. I was happy he acknowledged it because if he didn't, I would have given a 2 stars for the service! He recognized it, I liked that. Overall, the experience was good and I would come back again.笑
I just eat the best burger I have ever had in my life. Out of all the steak houses I've had a burger at Ruth's Chris included none compare to this joint. The bacon the bun and the Truffle fries amazing! And they have a patio with a full bar. I wish I lived closer.笑
Burgers are awesome, they have great garlic fries, Only recommendation is if they are busy don't because they are new and can't handle a packed house yet.笑
I would have done 5 stars but the food took a long time. Waited 45 minutes for a table even when they had many available on the patio. I think they needed more staff. However, the food was great! I will go again and maybe they will be faster.  GREAT FOOD!笑
I got the Californian burger and my husband got the green chili burger. We both ordered medium. His was medium and mine was well done. My husband's burger was better than mine but still not delicious or 5 star worthy. I would have sent mine back but it took a long time to receive for our food. I think once this place finds its groove the service and food will improve, but one thing that will not make me return is the burgers don't include sides and they are 8-13+ dollars. This would be fine if they were truly gourmet burgers but they just aren't, so it's overpriced.笑
Finally we ventured and gave this place a chance. So first we were greeted by a very unfriendly hostess at the door the expressions on her face clearly showed she did not wanna be there, no big deal I can get pass through that. Our waitress Sonia I think that was her name was very nice and friendly. We ordered bison burgers and what a HUGE disappointment that was, I have had bison burger many times but this was by far the worst tasting bison burger, let me correct it was totally tasteless burger. I ordered with roasted garlic but did not even taste the garlic at all. For the price I paid for my burger I was expecting a good tasting burger. I think I will stick with Legends next time when I wanna good burger in Anthem. Oh one more thing we ordered onion rings for our side and we literally got total of 5 onion rings. My advise to my fellow anthemites if you want good burger stick with Legends笑
Took us 45 min to get our food, and when it finally arrived, it was good but not earth shattering. The one thing this place has going for it is that the waitstaff is very pleasant.

My "lettuce wrap" burger was essentially the burger patty between two leafs of lettuce. Had to just eat it like an open sandwich, with a fork and a knife... but it tasted fine. The other burger we ordered well-done arrived medium. But because we had already waited 45 min for our food, we didn't bother to send it back. 

The manager gave us a free appetizer to make the wait more bearable (after she overheard me comment to the other person at our table that we had been there for almost an hour)... She also apologized and gave us a gift card to use the next time we go there.

That was very nice of her... But frankly, I don't think we'll be going back to use the gift card any time soon.笑
Much improved. Seated promptly by a smiling hostess. Server a(Christine) was prompt,  professional and friendly.  Our order came in 12 or 13 minutes and was excellent.  Burger was cooked perfect and the salad was large and tasty All in all a great lunch experience .笑
Went there for lunch and could not ask for a better server. Alexa was extremely friendly, answered any question we had and made excellent suggestions. Between her and Aaron, we could not have had better lunch. The green chile hamburger, pear chicken salad and $3 Moscow mules could not have been better. Will definitely be back and hope to see them both again.笑
Been a handful of times and experience is consistent and good for the two of us.  Good food, fair prices, nice contemporary environment & convenient to northern locale residing Anthem residents.  This location has struggled in the past to support more of a fine dining experience, hopefully the community now has a place for a nice meal when we don't feel like putting supper or lunch together.  Staff are courteous, food has always met our expectations.   Nice to have local breweries represented, too - particularly that tasty chocolate porter.  Had the chocolate porter last visit mixed 50/50 with Papago Orange Blossom - orange and chocolate streaks in my beer, what a great combo.   Looking forward to fall, winter, spring on the patio at night.笑
Probably the best burger joint that anthem has to offer!! Fast service, we were immediately seated. Nice, clean, new restaurant. Menu has a variety of burgers and appetizers to chose from. Burgers range from a classic cheeseburger, whiskey BBQ, or if you like something more spicy trythe green chili or habanero burger! 
Note: if you aren't a burger fan, this place might not be for you! Lol. (I'm sure they have a salad or something :)笑
Food good. tastey burgers .are very good .Waite staff well that will come if the owner gets involved but right now no good service .fix it before your resturants gone笑
The food is very good; lots of great choices for the burger:  Black Angus, bison, salmon, turkey, veggie, etc. are options for the patty. Lots of additional toppings available, from bacon to avocado to standard ketchup & mustard. They're a 3 star on service right now, obviously still training staff and working out the kinks.笑
After waiting many month, I decided to give them another try. I arrived for lunch around 1:30 and was pleasantly surprised to see such a decent crowd. Since I was alone, I sat at the bar. I was surprised to see there was (apparently) one person serving the whole restaurant and the bar area. Then again, I'm sure it's hard to find and keep good help - just one of the issues in this area and restaurant business in general. 
I ordered a drink and then ordered the jalapeño burger with a veggie patty and lettuce wrapped (hey, who isn't trying to cut calories?) I will post a photo of the food shortly. It was really good and the presentation was awesome. 
The manager and bartender/server were extra attentive given the relatively full house.  
I do believe in supporting local business and I do believe they are trying to serve some excellent food here. If you're in or near Anthem, give them a shot. If you have an issue, tell them! They will make it right.笑
We have been waiting over one hour to get our burgers!!!! The appetizer fried green beans was good I can't lie. Get your shit together and take care of a customer that lives local. The waitress can't adjust the bill? WTF last time coming here.笑
This place is great. We had build your own burgers. All the veggies were fresh and the angus beef was great. They have all kinds of meat for you to choose from. I had a gluten free bun and it wasn't dry like most. Their Parmesan garlic fries are great. They have different herb mayo's . Great  prices on the appetizers most are $5 ! My husband loves fried pickles and he's picky. He said they even used quality pickles lol. This place is clean and their wait staff was fantastic. We will definitely be back. I have lots of allergies so eating out has to be "worth it" for me to go back.笑
So I thought I'd pay another visit to Tru Burger to see how they've evolved from their debut in April.

Only 6 other parties here on a Monday during the lunch hour. I was greeted courteously and immediately seated. My server took my order and I held my breath to see if I would endure a lengthy wait like my first visit in April. 

Happily my order was up in less than 10 minutes. My Blue cheese burger arrived medium rare as ordered. It was topped with carmelized onions and applewood smoked bacon. I decided to skip the usual mustard and ketchup to savor the menage of flavor of the Angus beef, the bite of the blue cheese and the smoked bacon. It was superb.

I also ordered the garlic parmesan fries. They were hot, not greasy and full of a lightly spiced kick which stood on its own without any high fructose sweetened ketchup needed. 

Tru Burger appears to have turned the corner with speed of meal prep and service (I hope the ramped up service translates to peak evening and weekend meal times).

Keep up the quality and speedy service and Tru Burger will have a legion of fans in Anthem and the North Valley.笑
Great food and service. Can get grass fed beef, wild caught salmon. Sweet potato fries were done just right. Wish they had some vegetable options but it is a burger place so it is inline with other burger places.....but much better quality. Really enjoyed our meals! They have a great Thursday night special that includes burger, fries and beer for one flat price.笑
Decent food. They didn't inform us that our sides were 86'd till or burgers arrived. The wait staff can only be described as single task individuals. The nerve clear a table or bring you napkins until after your food arrives. They never checked after our food after it arrived to see if it was cooked properly or if we needed anything else like ketchup and silverware. Then you must get their attention to return for the check. Took them 10 minutes to greet our table.笑
I really enjoyed my second visit here but first dining experience. I'm excited to have this restaurant in the neighborhood. They do have some kinks to work out. The first time we tried to eat here the kitchen was backed up. Tonight we got here at 5:26pm (I saw the hottest jot it down) and we were told the wait would be 15 minutes. Unfortunately it was roughly over 30 minutes. The food was excellent and our waitress was friendly and even merited over a 30% tip.笑
Bad experience. This is my fourth visit but I will not be back. I raved to a friend how wonderful their salads were so we went for her first time. As our server, Alexa, was bringing our salads to us I could see that both of the bowls were dirty. I told her they were dirty as did my friend because her bowl was dirty also. Alexa, the server, tried to tell me it was juice from the tomatoes but I scraped it with my fork and it was hard as a brick, so obviously there's no way it was fresh juice. She finally scooped both of our bowls up and gave us a very disgusted look. No apology. Hello, what did we do wrong?!

On the bright side, a young man did offer us a free dessert so I do appreciate that offer. I will not be back though, because two dirty bowls out of two orders and a server with an attitude? No thanks.笑
The live music on Mondays is great. Keep it up! Plus the food and happy hour can't be beat.笑
Burgers are alwAys great, place is always busy but they seem to move right through..,笑
Good burgers, but took forever to get drinks, appetizers, and food. I'll keep going here to see them improve because they are so new. They have potential be a top restaurant in North Phoenix.笑
Went for lunch with my wife. Excited to have a new modern burger place to hang out. Was happy to see it was somewhat busy for lunch. I have always liked patio dinning with inside/out "garage door" bar top.
However, there is a gigantic fan above the outside bar, that blows straight down so hard and loud, your food is cold before you can get it to your mouth.
We ordered a single order of the bacon cheese fries, to come out with our burgers. I noticed that a runner tried to bring them out early. The bartender stopped him and returned them to the kitchen. When we finally received our lunch, after waiting at least 30+ minutes, I swear they brought us the same fries. The fries were toasted on top and the cheese was stiff, as if our plate had been sitting under a heat lamp for 15 minutes. Also, I am certain that we were charged more for them, than what was listed on the menu.
The Tru-th about the burgers...Meh!!!
I had the blue cheese burger. First, you CAN'T order your burger cooked any less than Medium!!! The burger I received was more medium-well. The meat was dry and tasteless. My wife built her own with too many toppings and sauces to mention. She did like the habanero sauce.
I've had a lot of burgers in my life. Fancy ones, basic ones, expensive ones, big ones, fast ones . But the bottom line is, the burgers at Tru Burger are mediocre or just ok, for this new Anthem spot that everyone was waiting for. 
We will go back, but only because I'm sick and tired of pizza and bar food.