Best place for dim sum in the Toronto midtown area. 
Nice clean atmosphere with nice contemporary decor. The only drawback is the gentleman who welcomes you at the front door, he reminds me of the 'old school' Chinese restaurant owners you'd see on sitcoms like Seinfeld. I can picture him yelling out "Seinfeld, party of two!".  Yes, he gets a little loud and abrupt which does not fit well with what the place and neighbourhood is all about.笑
Hands down this is my new favorite go to for tasty and healthier Chinese.  We tried 10 different dim sum items and they were all excellent and not drenched in oil.  The space is quite elegant and the service was above average.笑
I was hungry and decided to stop by Kwan for lunch. Kwan offers a lunch special menu with prices ranging from $3 to $8 per item. I ordered shrimp/pork Siu Mai dim sum along with Shanghai style pork dumplings. Both varieties of dumplings were super juicy with lots of broth inside. Honestly, I have absolutely no complaints about their dim sum. They're as good as it gets. My only disappointment was their mango layered sponge cake. I had no idea it was going to be served steamed. A steamed piece of cake is the most weird thing ever. The texture and taste was pretty bad. I didn't even finish the cake. Time and time again, I get disappointed with pastries at Chinese restaurants. Then again, my reference point is French bakeries that know a thing or two about good cakes.

Bottom line: if you're craving dim sum there's not better place around Yonge/St Clair for some juicy dumplings and a whole bunch of other varieties of Chinese food.

My only little gripe is with waiters. I get it, it's hard work trying to please all kinds of customers in a fast paced environment, but I would suggest they take some etiquette classes on how to be more attentive and courteous waiters. They struck me as impatient and somewhat indifferent to how they treat customers. Otherwise, the food is fantastic.笑
BOTTOM LINE: Decent dim sum, service worse than Chinatown.

People like to complain about the service, or the lack thereof, in Chinese restaurants, but one thing they typically do well is being efficient. Kwan is the opposite - or at least it was on a Saturday morning I attended. 

While we were seated quickly, we waited around until we had to ask for tea and the menu on separate occasions - oddly, the waiter seemed irritated by our request. After our first round of dim sum arrived relatively quickly, we ordered a second round. This, however, took forever, and when we eventually followed up on it, it was brought out almost immediately suggestive that it had been sitting around in the back ignored.

It's too bad because I really did enjoy the dim sum here. The decor is modern and the place is clean. At these prices, however, I think I would rather go to Crown Princess, Pearl Harbourfront, or Lai Wah Heen.笑
This is my favourite spot for dim sum. It's slightly more expensive than Chinatown but the atmosphere is nice. Servers aren't always SUPER friendly but service is prompt and they gave you a check list of your order to see which has been served. 

Food's great & great presentation too. They have the best shrimp ha gow I've ever had! The siu mai isn't too good but everything else's great. I like the bunny custard :)笑
Excellent dim sum with elegant decor. We loved everything. The rice rolls, shu mai and sticky buns were the biggest hits at our table.
Great for larger groups.笑
Kwan carries showy dim sum shaped in bunnies, piglets and porcupines. The prices are pretty on par with typical dim sum and you order by checking items off of a list. I would say the food is more westernised/fusion (not too traditional) so if you're looking for an authentic experience, you won't get one from here but if you love gimmick (like me) and cutely shaped food, Kwan is the place for you.

4 stars because a dim sum restaurant can never get the full 5 stars unless there is cart service (that's the real deal).笑
Came here for the first time today for dim sum. I was really wanting to love it because it's so close to my place, but the service really let me down. The food came out very slowly and the servers weren't very attentive or friendly.笑
Walked by the restaurant and thought the place looked nice and trendy. When we stepped inside, the decor was inviting and pretty. We were greeted by a very grumpy male server who didn't even say hello. He just saw the two of us and grabbed the menus and walked to a table. We (2 of us) looked at each other and figured he was indeed taking us to our table. We ordered some items (e.g. shrimp toast, hai-gaw, beef balls, etc) I did notice special items are about $8 per dish. It's high for dim sum but I was okay with it as the restaurant's location and atmosphere gave an upscale vibe.
Another server took our order sheet and he was marginally better. At least he acknowledged our presence but don't expect smile and pleasantry.
Food: good but not the best. If I feel like dim sum, I would go to this place for dim sum.
Service: Non-existent! Grumpy servers. Sometimes a cheaper low-end dim sum place in chinatown has way better service than Kwan Dim Sum. I wonder if the owner cares?
For the price, food quality is justifiable but there is definitely discrepancy with the service offered at this place.
Side incident: during our lunch, a lady came in to order takeout at the counter. She had a small dog with her. The dog was running around on its own in the restaurant. We and other diners all saw this. Finally one gentleman asked loudly from his seat to her, "is this your dog?" She smiled and came and grabbed the dog. The server who was taking her take-out order didn't seem to care that there was a dog running loose in the restaurant. I am not sure about the law and regulations, but thought it was odd that a dog was allowed in the restaurant like that. When she came back to pick up food later, the server who gave her the food even played with the dog a bit.
Conclusion: food is fine, service disappointing and terrible.笑
Come here with a large party and tried a bunch of things. The food was quite good, however, the service was pretty spotty. The place is very nice, and the prices match the decor. Considering this is run of the mill, but good food, it seems a bit mismatched.笑
Best dim sum in town. I love it hear quick and delicious food for Great prices! I recommend: 2-3 orders of turnip pancake because it's AMAZING and has you wanting more, Honey Ribs are great, shrimp dumplings, veg spring rolls, bok choi, tea, tons of buns and for dessert Golden Lava Buns for all the ambience is awesome and the staff is friendly and will always come right when you need them笑
A good dimsum lunch at Kwan again. Good hot and sour soup (including a bit of shrimp), good hr how and shu mai, excellent fried dumplings. Service at lunch is hurried but competent and the tea comes quickly and is refilled. Great to have such a place in walking distance at Yonge & St Clair. Still $48 for two is a bit pricey for dimsum.笑
I wanted to like Kwan, it had potential to be likeable-- when you kind of paying a premium because it's located in a ~nice~ neighbourhood, there's a bit of that expectation. 

Food-wise, it was relatively good; it came to the table steaming hot and orders weren't messed up. Har gow and siu mai which are one of the quintessential dim sum dishes were basic, I felt it there should be something extra instead of something you can get at a dim sum place in Chinatown. 

The service however, was a little atrocious and giving them the benefit of the doubt, maybe they are understaffed? Weekends are more busier? Nonetheless, when my friends arrived for our reservation, there was a staff at the front almost shouting into the phone, taking what seems to be a takeout order. He ignored us and other people arriving for their reservation or getting a table. Logically, if there was a crowd at your front door, perhaps another staff could attend to them, but nope. In fact, we sat at a table right at the entrance to the dining space and through our lunch, periodically, there would be people waiting at the front with no staff in sight. 

It also took awhile to get attention for additional order and the bill. On a few plus side, the staff was efficient in clearing empty dishes from the table. 

I wouldn't come back here; yes, Chinese restaurants aren't known good service, but it's kind of expected. Kwan in summation is basically ok to good dimsum and Chinese-style service at a premium price. I rather not pay that kind of premium.笑
Large space offering a few different ambiances to choose from. Conveniently across from St Clair subway station. I've been here several times since they first opened. The service has shown improvement, the food is consistently high-quality. Excellent variety of very well made dim sum - good value/ well-priced for what you get.笑
The food is passable but the service is absolutely poor. The orders are taken written in a piece of paper by customers so there isn't any excuses to make a mistake. They hand you these empty menus and you check on the boxes next to the items you wish to order. I can totally see why the restaurant chose to do such a simple method cuz we still got the wrong food orders. Before we wanted to say something about it, one of the servers came and yelled at us to stop eating with a rude hand gesture. Okay... we won't eat the wrong food you placed on our table. He took all the food away and brought some other things. A few seconds later, someone else came and started talking in native language. They started arguing in our table and took all the food away from the table without giving us any explanation. We finally got the right orders and started eating. The food wasn't bad but it wasn't mind blowing either. I wanted to order a negroni and the server didn't know what I was talking about. I asked if they have a bartender and he confirmed that they don't have anybody at the bar. Due to poor communication I ended up ordering a glass of white. During our lunch, nobody came to check on us to ask if we needed anything. The older server was acting like we were making him work by force, even though we were all super kind (Canadian kind) from the start and he was the one who was giving us the attitude. I seriously don't recommend you losing your precious time and money in this place while you have tons of other descent options.笑
Just had my 60th birthday dinner at Kwan's.  So happy all my guests loved the food.  The service was attentive & there was time between courses to chit chat with long time friends & family.  
We started with a special appetizer based on what was fresh so we got a delicious jelly fish (very sustainable) with tofu with scallops wrapped in seaweed & mushroom tempura.  
Then came our family favourite of Peking duck.  Chinese guests were really impressed with the two courses made from the duck as most restaurants sneak in yesterday's duck meat in the second course for convenience but leaves the diners with dry duck meat. 

Lobster  fried with garlic crumbs was really a delicious change.

The food at Kwan's was a big hit because it was delicious and the fusion twist made it less oily and presentations was beautiful.  Food is not over salted but well seasoned.  Their chef is amazing!

I just ate left over noodle with vegetable for breakfast.  I won't eat left over Chinese restaurant food usually. So glad the food is still great the next day because guests all went home with doggie bags :) 

We have had dinner & dim sum at Kwan's.  Food was always great so when it was time to choose the right restaurant for this very special birthday in Chinese culture, Kwan's was the obvious choice.笑
I went here after work because I wanted to try it and it's in the neighbourhood, and I had a craving for Chinese.

The mushroom and truffle spring rolls ($6 for 2 rolls/4 pieces) were delicious.

I wanted something with meat and vegetables, since I was 1 person and didn't want to order a lot of different dishes. The waiter recommended a sizzling hot pot with seafood ($25) or beef and mushroom ($15). Instead I went for the sweet and sour pork ($16). This was probably a mistake, because it's a less authentic dish, but I thought it would be a good test of their skills in the kitchen. It was disappointing to say the least. I was expecting big pieces of veggies, but the bell pepper and pineapple were chopped up in tiny pieces and kind of smoodged into the sauce. The sauce itself had an off-putting flavour, like they used ketchup in the sauce (I don't like ketchup), but the server denied it. There was no garnish, not even some sesame seeds which would have been nice. Not worth the price. Next time I will order something else.

For 1 person, with two glasses of wine, an appetizer and a main, bowl of white rice ($2), with tip and tax came to $50. Ouch.

I am giving them 3 stars. It would be 2 stars, except I need to experience more different dishes to make an informed review. I promised to take my cousin there for dim sum and there is not much else around this area, and I will give them a chance. I would like to try their dim sum. The waiter said that it's freshly made each morning.笑
The worst customer service ever,waiters and especially the manager/owner is extremely rude. Get offended by asking about food ingredients... (Maybe there's something to hide)

Will not be going there笑
Dim sum? Hmm, well let's start with that tag. With only 6 items under that header, it really doesn't deserve that brand. We don't have carts here and each plate is served to order. I would call this Asian tapas as the dishes are a mix of typical chinese fare, fried rice and many of your expected dim sum staples are missing.
So ya that was more of a classification issue, no harm done really.

However the food is not very good. The chicken and duck has a gamey flavour, the fried rice an odd zest like old olive oil. Pork dumplings were overcooked and tearing apart, not very tasty, chili sauce was bland. Peking duck looked perfectly cooked, was crispy, but had a odd gamey flavour. This is coming from an eater of wild duck and goose, so I've had my share of gamey meat. 

With so many amazing Chinese and Dim Sum restaurants in the city, this place needs to step it up. The prices are also quite high ~$18 for each small entree, which makes for a massive bill (for Dim Sum) once you've ordered 6-8 dishes.

When you can get the same amount of high quality Dim Sum for a 1/3 of the price at dozens of spots in the city, well this place ain't worth it friends!笑
Kwan has some decent dim sum and other food but was very disappointed the online menu does not at all resemble the in-restaurant menu. 

Assuming different ownership now but Kwan is more of a Asian resto with dim sum offerings (about 8) than the dim sum speciality place its online menu purports it to be. 

Dim sum was tasty and deserves a 3.5/5
Tried three cups chicken 4/5
Chiu chow chicken 3/5 

Yonge and St. Clair location so was not a fun drive on a Saturday night, Id suggest taking Avenue up or Bayview rather than trodding along Yonge on a weekend. 

Overall its decent just be warned ffellow yelpers the menu linked here is wrong and it is not a dim sum place.笑
I'm not sure why this place got low reviews. As a Cantonese person who grew up in the San Francisco Bay Area, I can tell you that the dim sum at Kwan is very good and high quality. Even my parents who came to visit me for the week agreed this place was legit. 

Summary: Good for brunch, groups, dates and family time. 

Price: Moderate 

Service: Pretty decent for a Chinese place 

Details: 

Dim sum, like sushi, is not meant to be huge ass pieces of food for dirt cheap. I would be concerned to put any meat in my mouth that cost only 25 cents a piece. Dim sum should be small and bite size. Also important, dim sum should not be overly greasy and the shrimp should be de-veined. Any steamed dumpling should still be slightly al dente and not soggy or falling apart. Kwan delivers on all these fronts while producing piping hot food.

Though not every item on the menu is "traditional", there is no rule that dim sum should be stuck in a rut! I appreciate that Kwan has some modern twists and damn cute shit on the menu! I mean...bunnies?! Porcupines?! BUMBLE BEES?!笑
Not really a fan.  High rent district forces higher pricing, but the food made me feel light headed, which is often the case if there is MSG consumption.  Overall, the depth & complexity of the dim sum left me wanting for dim sum from Richmond Hill instead.  I won't be back.笑
We had a great time at Kwan. The food wasn't cheap, but everything was really unique and pretty good. Service and staff was nice and friendly.  I'd say the dim sum is comparable to uptown restaurants. This is a good choice if you live in midtown of Toronto.笑
Love this place! If you wanna really good quality Chinese food, this is the place to go! Not a fan of being charged for the tea, but it definitely tastes better than the free ones. The dishes are flavourful but not oily! Black truffle fried rice is my fave! During dim sum hours, the egg tart is a must, not sugary at all, a honey after taste! Love love this place!笑
I'm going to state my bias now, I grew up in a food centric Chinese family (but I guess what Chinese family isn't). I may have a higher standard for dim sum than most and also a higher quality for value factor. So while the food at Kwan is good, I've had better elsewhere in the city for less. I just can't help but factor that into the equation when judging my experience. The dining rooms where substantially more fancy than any other dim sum restaurant, so you're paying for that and being in midtown. The one unique dish was a lotus paste bun shaped like a bunny. It was almost too cute to eat, but of course I did in the end. The outer crust of the bun was slightly crisp, different from the soft steamed texture you'd expect. I'd go back to Kwan in a pinch when I'm in feeling homesick, but also too lazy to travel to Chinatown.笑
Classy decor, attentive service, delicate food! Solid dim sum place.笑
was very excited to try this resto. unfortunately my one dish had 1 thick piece of black hair, along with 2 eyelashes, and if you can believe it, a small curly hair, not sure if that was from a brush or human. it really was extremely off putting. they offered to pay for my dish, but they should have taken care of the rest of the bill. it turned me off from ever going back.笑
3.5 STARS

You want to be treated rudely and have to wait for your food and scream out for attention?  If so come here!  Now I say this without any anger because in some odd way it lends to the charm of this place and how you are to act once here. 

Located on Yonge/St.Clair, this upscale dim sum place is exactly opposite of most dim sum places across the city  It's upscale and looks more like a lounge than a restaurant.  It's actually a fairly large place that can certainly accommodate large groups. 

We can here for brunch on a Sunday for 11:30am.  The restaurant was about half empty but about 30 min later it really started to get busy with a line up at the door.  We tried a variety of dishes ranging from the tradition shrimp dumplings to the more interesting mini chicken pot pies.  Everything was fairly yum but no flavour explosion in my mouth kinda yum.  The mini chicken pot pies were literally that - mini!  A Reese's pieces would be bigger!  (you get 4 pieces). It had a lovely savoury and sweet flavour.  It's more of an amuse bouche.  We also had the seafood soup dumplings which were lovely but slightly on the bland side as well as tofu rice noodle dish which had a nice crunch to it.  

The staff seem to always be running somewhere (where I have no idea).  If you ask for something they just go off...you have no idea if they even acknowledged what you said so you really need to speak up.  Service was also slow...we were waiting 7-8 minutes between orders so try and order as much as you can at one time.

 Definitely check this place out, but be warned that the prices are more than your local Scaroborough or Chinatown dim sum prices.笑
Upscale dimsum dining with fast(!!) service and better quality food. Their congee with fish and cilantro captured my parents' hearts; the fish is delicious and the congee is finely flavoured.笑
I recently had what will be my last dim sum lunch at Kwan.  I was there with my two adult children.  We're all major dim sum fans and none of us can understand why Kwan gets so many rave reviews.  The most charitable comment I can make is that the quality of Kwan's dim sum is inconsistent.  Curried squid can be perfect on one visit and as chewy as erasers the next.  Dim Sum staples like Har Gow and Sumai are nothing special.  The pan seared Chive and Shrimp Dumplings and the Deep Fried Squid Tentacles are terrific when properly cooked.  But, like the curried squid, half the time the tentacles are extremely rubbery.  The only thing consistent at Kwan is the service - it's TERRIBLE.   They ignore you when you arrive.  The tables are sticky.  The servers slam plates down on the table.  And they have attitude.  The only reason I kept trying Kwan is that it's conveniently located within walking distance of my home & office.  But this latest meal was so poor and the service so bad that I won't be back.  I'll stick to my regulars haunt - Rol San in Chinatown and, for high end dim sum, The Pearl at Queens Quay Terminal.笑
Overpriced dim-sum / Chinese food. Though descent for the area, Yonge @ St. Clair. There is really not much option here. Décor is nice. It can be very crowded on lunch hours, mostly people from offices nearby. Other time probably not as bad. Dim sum is OK, standard Hong Kong style. Taste is not bad, but PRICEY! Deep fried stuffs are greasy, I suggest order as little fried food as possible. Other lunch items, such as chow mien, fried rice, garlic prawn, etc are tasty as any other descent Chinese restaurant.
Service can be slow when they are busy.笑
This review is for Dinner on a Wednesday around 7pm, not Dim Sum....

Upon entering Kwan for dinner, it was very low key, intimate and relaxing.  At first I was a little bit concerned because the waiter took a little bit longer than usual to get to us, but once he did (Alex) the service was expedient, knowledgeable and polite!

My fiance had the Miso Mushroom soup and I had the Hot and Sour soup to start. Coming from Los Angeles, I had no idea what to expect. Both dishes came in wonderfully designed, single serving soup bowls that resemble the planet Saturn (you'll see what I mean).  The flavors were balanced, not over salted or over seasoned... just perfect. Light and fresh.

The jasmine tea was (miracle here, compared to all other Chinese food restaurants) served at a perfect, non-scorching, temperature! Thank you!

The Mushroom and Spinach in a mild sauce was, again, extraordinarily light, fresh, vibrant, and healthy tasting. 

The Chicken Ya-Ca Mein (if I botch the names forgive me), again was extraordinarily perfect.  The noodles were just long enough to easily manage with chopsticks or a fork, and the noodles were not overly greasy like so many "mein" dishes can be. the mushrooms and chicken in the Ya-Ca mein were just enough to add a nice punch of flavor. Fantastic, truly!

We finished with the Mango Pudding and a couple of sesame covered "mochi" glutinous rice balls with sweet red bean centers. The pudding was the only dish that seemed flat and uninspired compared with everything else. It tasted more like jello than pudding, though again, the dish it was served in was so tasteful, it's hard not to like it. The rice balls were outstanding, we couldn't help but want more.

Everyone was friendly in an non overbearing way, the decor was renovated, but still pleasant and quiet (as mentioned before).  It was a nice place to relax and have a peaceful meal, without any stupid music playing. For us, and we like to eat very healthy, we came away feeling full and satisfied instead of greasy and ill.

Good job, Kwan dinner chefs. And many thanks to Niall at Cava restaurant, just up the street for recommending Kwan. A good neighbor restaurant, thoughtful to recommend you, since they were having a private event. We will return to Cava soon, since we were unable to experience it today. 

So why five stars?  It would be a 4.5, but it's closer to a 5 than a 4.  The restaurant, for dinner, successfully accomplished what it's trying to be, that is, high quality Chinese food with a pleasant atmosphere and friendly service, what's not to like?笑
Went there for dim sum but were too late so got stuck with their dinner menu.  Food was overpriced for a very small portion and plating looked like it was straight out of the 1980s.  Service was absolutely horrible despite the restaurant not being too busy.  Would never go back.笑
Went to Kwan last night with my girlfriend and I thought this place was amazing, both food wise, service wise as well as atmosphere wise.

Ambience: 
We were first greeted with the modern/traditional mix of Chinese interior, which looked quite professional and clean. It was early in the evening so not a lot of people but due to the design the room seemed quite full.

Food:
High quality tea, followed by flavourful crispy chicken, tasty tenderloin beef with a hint of mustard, and a really good fried rice. The meat dishes here are what I would consider as Chinese fusion, which matches well with the modern/traditional restaurant interior. The portion was quite good also. When we were done, the waiter treated us with a coconut desert which they said was on the house. They were delicious as well.

Service:
We couldn't finish the food and the waiter packaged the food in a solid container, which I was very impressed of. The service was attended by two waiters who were very attentive in terms of making sure that we had enough hot water in our tea as well as following up to see whether we needed anything. The coconut desert which they said was on the house was a great suprise and addition.

Summary:
I have to say, I haven't been to a restaurant of this caliber in a long time. Everything from tea, main dish, rice to desert as well as the quality of service and the ambience was excellent. I will definitely be returning here in the near future to try out different dishes, such as pekking duck and $30 five course meal.笑
Chef's food is excellent. Poor servers who don't know how to serve dim sum mar the experience. Tea pot overflowing and a hostess with Scarborough kitchen-side manner not cool. And no Amex at an upscale resto.笑
Kwan is an underrated restaurant that has excellent dim sum and other Chinese dishes. It saddens me that it's been overlooked by food reviewers -- I have dim sum almost every other weekend, and have gone to the classic spots (Lai Wah Heen, Dynasty, Crown Princess, etc.). Kwan is easily the best of them all. Their other Chinese dishes are excellent, too. And on top of that, they have a great decor! I would highly, highly recommend this place.笑
Quality Dim Sum. We use to go to Spring Villa in Markham and now changed to Kwan. The dim sum came out fresh and hot. Service was great. Highly recommended for dim sum in the GTA.笑
We visited Kwan for dim sum this morning. Across the board each dish was prepared with excellent ingredients. Tea is much higher quality than what I find typically in Chinatown. Even the decor is tasteful. 

Favorites: BBQ Pork Puff Pastry, Har Gow (Crystal Shrimp), Fun Guo (aka Chui Chow), Shrimp Rice Roll, Lo Mai Gai (Lotus Leaf Sticky Rice).

The Lau Sa Bao (Golden Lava Bun aka Flowing Sand Bun aka Salted Egg Custard Bun) was the more traditional yolky style vs what I more frequently find Lai Wong Bon which has a more of steamed egg custard cake texture... perhaps lower brow but I'm used to it ;)

The only miss for me was the bean curd wrap. The wrapper was high quality and the flavor was good, but it would have been better with firm tofu and mushroom filling vs their mushroom and cabbage filling (the steamed cabbage gets too soft).

For those familiar with dim sum in Toronto, Kwan is a step up with better ingredients and atmosphere than Rol San (another favorite spot of ours). Compared with Lai Wah Heen in its hey day, the menu is not quite as extensive and perhaps with fewer innovative experiments, but much more affordable. 

Service was friendly (a surprise for dim sum), but still getting acquainted with their brand new restaurant.

It is a great addition to the neighbourhood and I'd venture to say even if you don't live in the neighbourhood worth a drive if you love dim sum. In my top 3 for dim sum in Toronto.笑
Terrific food.
Abhorently bad service. Grumpy, pissy wait staff, slow delivery,  

Pushing duck is a must here.笑
My experience at Kwan was even less than stellar since my last 2-star visit.

Right off the bat, the waiter who yelled at me "YES???" when I walked in was, I assuming, his way of asking me if I had reservations. We did and he asked if my friends were at the empty table. Um empty?  He then grunted and wagged his finger in a "come here motion" to what I, again, was to assume was his way of saying "come and sit at your table." 

When the rice rolls arrived, my friends asked for warm soy sauce (the ones that always accompanies these kinds of dishes and comes in small soy sauce bowls), the waiter pointed to a small bottle already on the table saying "soy sauce". My friends again asked for warm soy sauce in the little bowls, and the waiter again pointed towards the bottle on the table "Soy Sauce". This exchange went on for a bit, but each time the waiter's voice got louder "SOY SAUCE!!" and his eyebrows got angrier. My friends just left it and spoke to the manager. Again, she pointed towards the bottle on the table, but this time around, she actually explained to us that since everyone orders the rice rolls, they no longer serve the soy sauce with the dish each time. They just put the soy sauce bottle on the table permanently.

Tea pot always unfilled. Trash on the table never cleared. Waiter attitudes (the ones we encountered) are atrocious.

Food? Can't even say that makes up for anything and has not improved since the last time I came here: dumpling and Har Gow skin still thick and dry. Egg tart very dry. Peking duck was such a sorry excuse for a Peking duck: sparse pieces of dried meat. The second dish came on top of crispy wonton noodles (to make up for the lack luster amount of duck meat) and mixed into the already lack-luster amount of meat was rice...as filler. A complete scam.

And yet for Sunday dim sum, this place was incredibly packed. Like table-waiting busy. Reading other reviews, I am relieved (in a way) that the horrendous service was not experienced by just me. (It's not personal...yeah!) It appears to hit other customers as well.

I get that in this immediate area, this is the only Dim Sum place...but really, if you want "Chinatown" food and service with "Chinatown" prices, then don't come here because what you get is really bad "Chinatown" food and service at "Four Seasons" prices. If you were planning to spend money at Kwan, than I would highly recommend you to spend it elsewhere like Lai Wah Heen (my fave) or as other reviewers mention (and my friends included) Crown Princess at Bay for incredible food. My friends did mention that it was super busy and the waiters seemed harried and stressed (which could totally be felt). But it's Sunday Dim Sum and you're in the restaurant business for how long now...this shouldn't be a complete surprise.笑
Kwan is where quality meets quantity. 

I went for the first time with my parents who had been before and recommended the place. As soon as I walked in, I was wowed by the beautiful decorations, the high ceilings and dimly lit mood lights. The booth seats and tables are quite nice and they don't use plastic covers like most Chinese restaurants. From the first moment I went in, I knew this was a classierstyled restaurant. Kwans has two areas, a dining room and a more casual smaller room that was by the bar. 

We went in on New Years day and didn't expect to see so many people,  we were lucky we went earlier in the day (11am) as they were completely booked for 12:30. I would recommend calling ahead and booking reservations if you are a large group or going on a holiday or weekend.  

We were sat down at booth table and immediately asked what kind of tea we wanted and served in these cute little tea cups that had handles (most Chinese tea cups do not have handles). 

To order, you don't actually talk straight to the waiter but you get a little pamphlet where you tick off how many of whatever dish you'd like. The great thing about the menus is that they're in Chinese and English. The service itself is also in Chinese and English and almost all of the servers we saw were older gentlemen. They give you back a receipt with all your order numbers and the menu but they forgot to do 3 of the dishes we ordered so make sure you take a look at their punched in order before you sit down and relax. 

The food came quite quickly and was fresh.  Their ha Gao was amazing, their shrimp pieces (in all of their dishes) were huge pieces of juicy shrimp and the translucent skin was soft but didn't fall apart. The siu Mai was also generous and had huge portions. The Chang fun (rice noodle with beef) was wrapped very expertly and came with a piece of lettus inside of it. their deep fried taro was a bit smaller than most other places I'd been to but still delicious. One of my favorites that day was the wrapped shrimp and chive.

Their food isn't that greasy which is really nice and makes me taste the actual flavor behind the food rather than the oil. 

But the best dish I had was a special they only do on weekends and that is their BBQ pork buns that you have to special order. They are adorable buns in the shape of pigs with sesame eyes. The bun is so good and succulent, soft and warm. It was one of the best BBQ pork buns I've ever had. But this isn't on the menu so make sure when you order it to ask if they have these specific buns!

All in all a great and very delicious trip to a new dim sum restaurant.笑
Dim Sum in mid-town? Amazing!!!!  The food is absolutely great; fresh and delicious.  The service is very quick and efficient---order the soup---it is served in the cutest soup bowls.  Try it---you won't be disappointed.笑
Amazing dim sum here. Its pricey but its totally worth it. The presentation of the dim sums are so unique and CUTE! The bunny and bumble bee are tasty as desserts and look so adorable. The taste of the items I tried (taro ball, har gow, su mai, rice paper roll with spring roll, etc.) were authentic chinese flavors. The resto is conveniently located across the subway and the decor is elegant and refined. One staff member seemed indifferent to his job while others seemed nicer. The front lady was pleasant so the points about service being lackluster could be true. Overall, I am happy with Kwan and would gladly return for more cute dim sum! 4.5 stars笑
Kwan is where east meets west. The dim sum here is very high quality, authentic and tasty, but has the decor and cleanliness of a western restaurant. Service is somewhere in between. 

The waiter knew both english and chinese and was fairly efficient. The food was very tasty, while it was a bit pricier than a decent uptown dim sum place. I'd chalk it up to the prime location in an affluent caucasian neighbourhood. 

We had all the major dim sum staples and all were on par with uptown restaurants. If you're in a interracial asian/caucasian relationship, this might be the place to bring your significant other's caucasian parents.笑
Every time I've been here (5 times) the food has been amazing. Food is served fresh and hot always, cooked and seasoned properly. The restaurant is very clean and spacious and it's decorated nicely. The service is always fast and accurate. My favourite dishes are the duck dumplings, pork pot stickers, bok choy w goji berries and enoki mushrooms, vegetable fried wontons, and the steamed vegetable dumplings.笑
Visited Kwan last Friday for dim sum, around noon.  I'm very glad they decided to situate themselves in an area that is very under-served for Chinese fare because we will definitely go back.

Split into 2 rooms, the decor of each very modern and you can tell they put a lot of care into the design.  We were seated immediately and were given menus to write the quantity of the item we wanted, the menus seem to be re-usable, which is a neat idea.

The tea, which came in a pretty large pot (we got 8 larger cups out of it) had huge leaves inside of it, the quality of the tea was certainly better than the run of the mill dim sum places we've had in the past.

Each item that came to our table (that wasn't in a steamer) was plated and presented with a slight sophistication and each dish was very high calibre in taste and freshness.  We ate shumai, har gow, shrimp rolls, shrimp rice noodles and green onion with turnip pancake (amazing).

Overall, it was a bit more pricey than going to Chinatown (40 bucks with tip), but that was made up in flavour, freshness and great service that we received that day.笑
Overpriced and low quality dim sum!

Food: 
The shiu mai was bad and I love shiu mai. 
Ordered congee with fish and cilantro, it came in a very small pot, very very small pot, and it wasn't good. I am very disappointed. The har gow was ok. None of the food stood out.

Service:
Really really really slow! 

Will definitely not go back again after seeing the bill! We got charged $6 for tea! We sat down and the waitress said she will bring us tea. She did not even ask us what tea we want and she just brought us tea. At least ask me what I want if you are going to charge me!笑
Date Visited: December 27, 2013

Kwan is one of the latest restaurants to pop up in midtown at the heart of Yonge and St. Clair.  It is located at the former site of Didier, serving upscale Chinese cuisine in an area previously devoid of any good representation. 

Kwan's interiors have a contemporary feel with rectangular motifs throughout. 

During the day, Kwan serves up dim sum. Who better to open up a dim sum joint than Debbie Lui, the former restaurateur and mastermind behind Royal Tea House?

During the evening, Debbie Lui has given the reigns of the restaurant to head chef Ronny Lam, of former Lai Wah Heen fame. 

Our evening meal started with a standard offering of Peking duck ( 2 courses - $48). Pancake wraps, cucumbers, scallions and Hoisin sauce accompanied our carved duck pieces with crispy skin. 

Bostonian lettuce was served with our second course of minced, stir fried Peking duck instead of the usual ice berg variety.  Although softer than ice berg, the lettuce was the perfect exterior to wrap the crunchy minced duck mix filling to yield delicious bitefuls. 

Next, a Crispy Shrimp Ball ($6) was served.  The exterior batter was crispy and not greasy.  The piping hot interior had minced shrimp wrapped with whole shrimp - how can you go wrong?  Great shrimp flavour and a sweet plum sauce to compliment it. 

A glass with sliced carrots in it and an edible "floor" on top of it elevated the shrimp ball for presentation but those components didn't really do much else taste wise. The "floor" that the shrimp ball that was resting on wasn't very appetizing.  

Seafood Pumpkin Soup ($8) - Great for a cold winter day!  A rich and creamy bisque-like soup with pieces of crab meat and scallop. The seafood wasn't fishy like you might imagine in a preparation like this.  Delicious. Is this Chinese cuisine?  It's quite innovative!

Scallop Cakes ($20) - Each cake comprised of mashed up scallop wrapped in a crunchy seaweed wrap. Another dish served piping hot and drizzled with a layer of decadent truffle oil!  Another imaginative dish!

Asparagus with Bamboo Shoots ($20) - Crunchy asparagus topped with delicate, melt in your mouth bamboo shoots. 

The seventh dish served was Red Wine Short Ribs Casserole ( $36) - The most memorable dish of the night. This dish ate like a stew. The short ribs were so tender and fall off the bone - no doubt a product of the acidity of the wine.  The wine also was responsible for the deep, complex flavours in the dish. A must try!  Again, am I having Chinese cuisine here?
 
Grouper Fillet with Kwan's XO Sauce ($20) - This dish had some heat which is always welcome. A subtle crust on the outside of this fried grouper and tender on the inside.  The snap peas still had their snap if you will.  A tad too much oil overall but cooked for the right amount of time. 

Pan Seared Noodles with Seafood ($18) - Kwan's take on Cantonese chow mein?  This noodle dish is loaded with seafood - no complaints there. Delicious sauce makes you come back for more but just a bit much since you lose the crunchy parts you traditionally get with Cantonese chow mein. 

Last savoury dish was XO Seafood Fried Rice ($18). 

For dessert?  

A glutinous sesame ball sat atop a jello-like coffee flavoured square. 

The verdict?  

Kwan is a welcomed addition to midtown.  It features refined Cantonese style cuisine with a few inventive surprises along the way!  Back for dim sum?  Absolutely.笑
This is the most beautiful and classiest Dim Sum restaurant I've been to in my life! Trust me on this one. And everything we ordered was delicious! Amazing Quality Chinese Dim Sum all day long. For dessert, try the "bunnies" - lol.  Its a cream filled dessert shaped like 2 super cute bunnies. Although definitely a little pricier than a dim sum restaurant you'd find in China town- the taste is perfectly traditional Chinese and yummy.  We paid about $60 for 2 people.  And the ambience is classy.  Every been to a trendy/classy Dim Sum place?  This is it! Great for dates and for groups.  And the service is very fast!  Would Highly Recommend!!!! :)  Also, you can park on the residential side streets for free. :)笑
The best Chinese food I have had in a long time. I have been here a number of times for dinner  and have enjoyed every dish I have tried. I, as well as my guests were struck by the freshness of all the dishes. The décor is also amazing! Can't wait to try the dim-sum menu.笑
This may be my new favourite dim sum / Chinese restaurant in the city. 

I am a big fan of Lee Wei Heen and Kwan managed to poach the chef from there. 

This place uses less sugar and salt than any Chinese restaurant I have tried and clearly used better quality ingredients.

The shrimp and bamboo har gow and siu mai were both very tasty. The crispy spring rolls wrapped in rice noodles were particularly good and the egg tarts may be the best I have had.

The seem to be short staffed with people rushing around, but the food certainly made up for it. 

I will definitely be going back.笑
I would give this place a rating of 3.5 stars. 4 stars for morning/afternoon dim sum and 3 stars for dinner.

For dim sum, Kwan has slowly become my go-to place for dim sum in the Toronto downtown/midtown regions. Yes the prices are higher than popular Chinatown places like Rol San but you get significantly better quality. I would also rate the dim sum at Kwan over the notoriously overrated and overpriced Crown Princess in downtown.

As for the dim sum itself, one of the most pleasant things about it was every hot item came out steaming hot. This is a traditional foundational principle for dim sum; many dim sum restaurants nowadays seem to neglect this and serve lukewarm siu mai and shrimp dumplings. The dim sum here is also less greasy and oily than most places- perhaps this is due to the fact that a large number of their clientele are non-Chinese. Nonetheless this was another positive for me. It is also evident that they have a strong dim sum kitchen roster as some of the dim sum items are delightfully innovative (compared to Crown Princess for example). 

Some things that they can work on- a wider selection in tea choices. I tried to order chrysanthemum tea a few times and they didn't have it. While their tea is definitely superior to Chinatown restaurants, it isn't anywhere close to top quality and there is definitely room for improvement.

As for dinner, I found it quite overpriced. The food is certainly decent but nothing special either. I would rather pay a little more and go to a place like Luckee.

All in all, I would say this is a solid Chinese restaurant and is quickly becoming my favourite affordable dim sum place in the city.笑
It's our first time at Kwan, Dim sum are very enjoyable and definitely is one of the best authentic Chinese cuisine but the service was very slow. Food came up at all different times, and waited 30mn or so for our spring roll and congee. We even tried to flag the waiter down but he just looked at us and walked away.笑
We went to Kwan for a BD party for my mother-in-law. We had Peking duck, e fu mien with crab, scallops with snow peas, bok Choy with garlic, vegetarian Ma po tofu, and a mushroom dish. The decor at Kwan is high end Chinese given that they had taken over the space of a French restaurant with pretty chinoiserie pieces. Cloth napkins, excellent service and very good food will hopefully bode well for this restaurant in Yonge and St. Clair, a site that has not been kind to Chinese restaurants in the past.笑
very cute bunny and pig baos as dim sum. Photogenic as well as delicious~ will visit again~!笑
My new favorite Chinese restaurant in Toronto. Kwan has fabulous dim sum. The service is attentive. The dining room is stylish and nicely appointed. I've enjoyed two excellent lunches there, and will return.笑
Kwan is conveniently located near St. Clair station on Yonge St. The space is attractive and upscale with lots of space. Good variety on the menu. I enjoyed the pumpkin and seafood soup as well as the miso cod and the mushroom and tofu dish. There is an ok wine selection as well as some sake choices. Service was fast and attentive. Good experience and I plan to return.笑
Came here on a Saturday with my boyfriend to satisfy a dim sum craving we both had. I made a reservation for 1 p.m., and when we arrived, the place was packed. It also appeared to be really understaffed, as the hostess was running around the front dealing with reservations, seating charts, and serving. 

Because of the lack of staff, it took us a bit of time before we could ask someone for a pen to start ordering, and before we we could order drinks. As a side note, please be advised that they charge for tea here. My boyfriend and I don't drink tea, but the group next to us were really peeved about this when they received their bills.

Ordering is very simple, just check off the items on the brochure that you want. We were happy to find lots of options, most at prices ranging from $3-6, which we found to be incredible value. We ended up ordering the following:

- har gow
- chicken siu mai
- shrimp spring rolls
- BBQ pork buns (x2)
- pork pan-fried potstickers
- beef ribs
- yeung chow fried rice

We enjoyed every single thing we ordered (the dumplings and fried rice were my personal favourites), and our bill came out to under $60 with tax (tip not included). We even were able to bring home some leftovers, which my guy was really happy about, because he had been craving the pork buns for a while.

One star off for the wait (even with a reservation) and for the curt service of the woman who brought us food but would not respond to requests for sauces, utensils, or drinks because she was "not the waitress". We will come back, but may re-think it if service does not improve on the second go.笑
Finally, a great dim sum restaurant in this neighborhood!  My favorite was the pan fried tofu with eel - inventive and delicious!  Traditional dishes like beef tripe and cuttlefish with curry sauce was also very well done.  The only dish that I found to be so-so was the beef & watercress rice noodle wrap (I could not taste any watercress at all).  I definitely look forward to coming back.笑
This is a best service n excellent quality food combined Chinese restaurant I ever have.  Fusion Chinese food but didn't gave away the traditional Chinese flavor.  Price is a bit on high side for Chinese restaurant but you get a very personal service and flexible menu (if you know what you want, you can preorder ahead of time).

For example, they don't serve dim sum at night but you can preorder it.  Dim sum is a must try.

Their dessert is creative.  And is a wow.笑
We decided to go based on some online feedback. We normally go to ginger & onions if uptown or Rosewood if downtown. This place was a great surprise. Great atmosphere and great food. The staffs were very helpful. We will definitely will be coming here again since we live very close by.
Highly recommended....笑
I visited Kwan last weekend with my girlfriend. While the service seemed slightly disorganized (your usual new-restaurant issues - will certainly improve with time), the food was above average and very delicious. Tea was great, cutlery and dishes were a little more upscale, as is the decor. Clearly a lot of efforts has been put into the entire package in a bid to separate it from the average Chinatown dim sum restaurant. I will certainly be back!笑
I'm a big lover of dim sum and have been since I was a very young child back when no one even knew what dim sum was.  I've eaten dim sum around the world.  Kwan's food is good but after having gone there a dozen times and repeatedly having the same bad experience in terms of customer service, I'm so turned off.  While there is an abundance of wait staff, it is impossible to get anyone's attention once seated, to even put in your order or ask for anything else.  No one has clearly ever stressed to the staff the importance of being attentive, welcoming and polite, either.  And while their prices are not through the roof, they aren't exactly a bargain either.  $18 for Chinese broccoli with ginger??!!  Given that they price some dishes so ridiculously high, one would think they would bring them pronto so that the diner doesn't have enough time to brood over or process just how expensive the dish actually is.
There are other options for high end dim sums, Lai Wah Heen being one and Crown Princess on Bay being another.  The latter is fancier, has a more extensive and exotic menu and is more affordable than Kwan.  More importantly, their staff is phenomenal.  I'd make the trek there rather than to Kwan's.  The extra travel time is less than the amount of time I've waited at Kwan's for impolite service.笑
I tasked my husband to find something to do in Toronto during our trip to Niagara Falls. He wanted dim sum and this is where we ended up. We were not disappointed. We tried steamed items, pan fried items, and steamed rice flour noodle wraps. Everything was delicious and we are saddened by the fact that this place is so far from home. 

One thing to note, the restrooms are downstairs in the basement, but the basement ceiling is low. I'd approximate that the ceiling is only 6 ft tall.笑
Good food but the server was a heckler and I would rather give my business to someplace else.笑
Excellent dimsum.  Good service.  Nice atmosphere.  

Exactly what is needed midtown笑
Nine of us went to Kwan for dim sum yesterday. I had never been before. That's probably because when I think of going for good Chinese food, I typically think of going to Markham or Chinatown on Spadina. Yonge and St. Clair is not exactly known as a mecca for Chinese cuisine. So I was pleasantly surprised by the dim sum at Kwan.

We probably ordered half the items on the menu but the ones that I would go back for are:
- steamed shrimp dumplings
- steamed rib bites
- honey glazed beef ribs
- deep fried squid
- deep fried shrimp rolls
- fish congee
- egg tarts

Typically, to get good Chinese food, you need to sacrifice decor/ambience or service. Here at Kwan, the decor is nice/contemporary. The service on the other hand, could use some work.笑
I ordered a verity of dim sum and they were all excellent, well prepared and delicious!! 
A five star place from me, will definitely come back many times!笑
This restaurant seems to cater best to large groups. A group of 10 of us came here on a Saturday night. There was another large group of up to 16 people and 3 other tables with groups of 4. Although that sounds like a lot of people, the restaurant is fairly big and was 3/4 empty. There is no ambiance. There is also no background music/noise, so the largest group's voices carried and were extremely loud.

Although the food was good, the price was too high and did not reflect the value. I understand why the prices are high given the wealthy neighbourhood and size of the restaurant. However, I would not recommend this place unless you are willing to pay the price for those things. 

We tried a number of dishes including the the peking duck, lemon chicken, pork buns, chili garlic prawns, and vegetable dishes. I would recommend the chili garlic prawns and lemon chicken. The peking duck was overpriced ($48) and there are other restaurants that serve it better at a more reasonable price. I am happy to pay the price for a great meal when warranted but this was not the case. Unfortunately, I will not be going back.笑
Kwan is definitely one of our all time favorite Chinese restaurants. Most notably, the food is incredibly authentic which sets it apart from most Chinese restaurants that have tweaked their menu and flavors to appeal to a broader crowd. We have purposely tried ordering new dishes each time we visit, so far we have never been anything other than impressed with the creative way their food has been crafted. 

The service is top notch as well, as expected.

As such, Kwan has become our go to spot to celebrate important milestones. Although this restaurant is definitely on the pricier side, it is totally worth it. Don't miss it if you're up for a culinary adventure.笑
Small town blandness with uptown service at midtown prices.

Went for dim sum and found just about everything to be flavourless. None of the dishes were as good as you can get at dim sum places in North York/Scarborough, or even some places downtown. The food wasn't bad, just consistently underwhelming. The only noteworthy thing about it was that it wasn't greasy. This place is clearly catering to the wealthy midtown crowd.

The service wasn't particularly good and the servers were quite rude. I'd be fine with that if the food didn't cost twice what it does at uptown dim sum places with similar service. They even charged us for each refill of our tea, even though they were just adding water to the pot. I've never seen that in Toronto or elsewhere.

If you want dim sum to be fancy, check Kwan out. But if you're looking for a fancy meal, why go for dim sum in the first place?笑
Let me begin by acknowledging that the service at this restaurant can be described as haphazard at best. For instance, we asked twice for a new bowl to replace a dirty one that we were given, but the bowl never came; we were not given any soy sauce for our har gow; and our server was barely present during the 1.5 hour were were there. But, if you can look past all that, then you are in for a delectable treat. In fact, I would suggest that, in terms of quality of the food alone, Kwan prepares some of the most delicious dim sum in the city. It is also quite affordable. We ordered a total of 11 dishes between the two of us, plus a pot of jasmine tea. We were both extremely full by the end of the meal, and it cost us approximately $60 with tax included. In comparison to other dim sum place, Kwan also has a relatively broad range of vegetarian options. I will certainly come back just for the food.笑
Dim sum.
Maybe a 3.5. Food was quite good, a step above the regular level of dim sum. They have all the dim sum classics. Place looked nice inside, they went with a more classical look, as opposed to edgy. There is a Chinese theme to the inside but not super authentic in my view. The staff was attentive but a tad dull and not as refined as I would have expected.
Nice add to the area but I'm sticking Gerard East and the rickety old carts.笑
Kwan is located at midtown at St. Clair in a wealthy neighborhood. The ambience and decor is nice. Tried it on for lunch and dim sum is superb. Although the dim sum is pricier, the food makes it up for it.笑
I came here for dinner with my family, expecting it to be somewhat of an upscale dim sum place... Horrible mistake!
The worst service I have ever had. I called the waiter so many times, but he kept on not noticing me, passing by without acknowledgement. First - to order drinks, then to order food, then - to add to the order... because the portions were small. 
When I tried to get other waiters' attention, or that of a person who brought my meals, they all told me I had to wait for the waiter assigned to the table. One lady promised me to get him twice! but he never came. And all this while the restaurant wasn't even half-full!
When I go to a Chinese restaurant, I expect fast service, big portions and good food. By these criteria, this was the most non-Chinese restaurants of all Chinese restaurants.
Food was good, but not that good - I can easily name much better places in the city. 
My first and last time there!

P.S: One of the beers ordered was not available, instead of bringing the drinks menu and offering to make another choice, the waiter assumed the decision for us - and just brought us a Tsing Tao... Really?

Awful.笑
Waited at entrance to be acknowledged for 5 min. Was whisked into cold ( as in atmosphere ) bar - the place had the feeling it had already closed - no ambient music, bright lights, only one other table. The "greeter" person turned out to also be my server and did not say hello or any pleasantries - his entire conversation with me "was ready to order?" No other conversation was exchanged nor did he say thank you or good bye.  Washroom was very dirty and someone was sick in there at one point. That with lots of water and towels on the floor - obviously shows that no one has been checking the washrooms periodically. Had dim sum. It was just ok. This was certainly not what one would expect based on the location and price. I won't be going back.笑
This restaurant is absolutely booming! I decided to go after I went on their website and noticed a NEW menu (well not new but more dishes added-lol) 

As always when we entered we were greeted with such delight and hospitality. We were seated by the window by the bar just for a different taste of ambiance. I mean we arrived around 9- an hour before they close but I asked the waitress if the chef could just do something that's not on the menu but on the menu- if that makes any sense. 

To our delight, they did :). I mean it took a little more time because it was 9 dishes being cooked and fresh. So this is what we got: 

Truffle spring rolls- I mean if you hate Chinese food you could just order this and be happy with life 

Appetizer- deep friend oatmeal tofu/ deep fried shiitake mushrooms(cut like eel)/ deep fried egg yolk shrimp--- you know thank goodness we didn't know what we were eating those things listed there isn't exactly top of my list but no lie, it was delicious from tofu to that singular egg shrimp 

Entree- cod with green onion/ scallops with snow peas / broccoli with enoki mushrooms-- typically we would like a carb with our main (more italian cuisine lovers) but surprisingly enough the broccoli mushroom balanced everything- if you've had their cod it's even more amazing as a singular piece 

Rice/noodle dish- truffled fried rice/ wonton noodle soup- lets just say if you weren't full before this will take you there, let's take a moment and not loose sight of TRUFFLED FRIED RICE this is not the over bearing type of truffle mushroom it is such a delicate amount like you get swigs of appreciation with every bite- and the wonton noodle soup- to be honest the wontons alone are more than suffice the noodles is just to throw you over lol 

Lastly almond cookies- yum but nothing different from the rest

Ps guys new wine list- if you like wine the Trim cab is now available for a pretty reasonable price $12笑
One of the best lunch spots in the area. Dim sum is excellent. Quality, fresh,  ample portions. Very quick service.笑
This was my best dim sum experience in the GTA and I've been to my fair share of dim sum restaurants.  Their dim sum is elevated without being over expensive.  For example, I find the quality to be similar to Lai Wah Heen, but at a more affordable price.  The custard bunny dessert dumplings are famous for a reason, and all the other dishes we got were on point.  No complaints.笑
I've been here a number of times as I live in the neighbourhood, and the food is good. The prices are high, but the service is poor and extremely slow. I have had good experiences for dim sum but will never return for dinner. It took over an hour for our food to come. Take out is faster than eating in. Portion size is also relatively small for the prices they charge. There are better options for dinner just south and north of this restaurant. I have also clarified with the staff that the chef is not from lah wai heen, contrary to popular belief. This restaurant is badly missing a maitre d or hostess.笑
Kwan needs to fix the typo on the front of its menu! It's CUISINE - not CUSINE!

The food was outstanding - really fresh and tasty. I think it was a little overpriced, however. A side of rice or vegetable dish should never be more than $10 or $11, I think. Because of that, we did not order as much as we would have wanted.

The staff were so friendly and knowledgeable and the complimentary dessert was really nice.

I think Kwan would do really well if it drew in corporate crowds and larger groups. In order to really achieve that, the website will need improvements. Talk about the size of the space, the family-style dining...and include prices! They will come.笑
I don't know why my rating was pulled off from Yelp list, here is the copy and paste, I am determined to suggest people AVOID this place, total unpleasant experience. Here is the paste:"

Before you read this 1-star review I want to say that the place is well decorated and food is well presented (just the look), just to be fair.

Here is the part that I highly recommend that you should AVOID this place, and I truly hope no one gets the bitter experience me and my wife had.

We ordered the 5-course menu since it is "very popular" and highly recommended according to the waiter.

Deep fried appetizer, deep fried shrimp, a pot of beef with half a pot of grease. We were so grossed out just after having the appetizers and we can't have a bite on the main course, it is just way too much grease!!

Ok we have all got bad dishes but we can easily just complain and replace, especially when the dishes are untouched! But no, things get more disgusting from here.

We explain to the waiter that a set course should be balanced and this is just too gross. We want to switch these two main dishes (that we barely touched) to two light vegetable dishes and expect we simply pay the set course's price, not to mention the vegetable dishes are cheaper.

"From a business standpoint, since you have had the appetizer already, you should pay for the 5-course order.", "Do you want to take it to go?"

Sounds nice? Ok this is what it sounds like to me:

"Even we give you crap, you should pay as the menu says, if you can't bear to have them all on the table, we will be happy to wrap it up so you can enjoy it at home."

ARE YOU KIDDING ME? This a $20 per dish restaurant and I had the expectation that they put customer's satisfaction on the top. We have been to average places that replaces your dish simply if you don't like it without giving you this "from the business point of view" crap.

After back and forth we got tired and give up, trying to pay and leave, no left-over take out, no dish switching.

Oh the story is not ended yet.

Our bill is $60 and the waiter gave us a $110 bill. So he think I will just pay whatever he throw at me without noticing there is a bunch of crap he added to the bill that we didn't order?

Again, the story is not ended YET!

After giving us the "right" bill, he insist that we try their complimentary dessert, a green tea pastry he described.

My wife took a bite and almost threw up at the table (well there was nothing to throw up since we didn't have any real food). The "pastry" is full of PORK. And my wife don't eat pork.

At the end of this visit, we paid for the dishes, only had the appetizers (spring-rolls), and total disgusted by their attitude and way of "business".

I highly value people's opinions on Yelp because I trust them every time i go to a restaurant. I hope this review serves as a warning sign."笑
I love that this place opened near me. Midtown Toronto has very few good taiwanese/Chinese food places that aren't the food court type places (not really Chinese food in my opinion!) . Khan dim sum is the best in the city; not greasy,  fresh ingredients,  not too bready/thick wrapper,  and generous sizes of shrimp and meats. You do get what you pay for,  though,  as the dim sum isn't cheap. I'll gladly trade that for being able to walk there,  not have to find parking,  and have a clean place to eat with clean bathrooms. Also very child friendly,  as my son has been going since birth and is now a rambunctious toddler.笑
Regular mediocre dim sum at top prices.  It is St.Clair and Yonge but the quality and taste of the food is nothing to rave about.  Considering there are no other alternatives in the area I suppose it's better than nothing...

My crispy spring roll rice noodle was soggy.  Cheap Scarborough dim sum restaurants do a way better job.  Presentation is regular Chinatown style.

Just thought the quality and presentation of the food should match the decor. 

Not sure if I would be returning...rather take the drive uptown or TTC to chinatown.笑
3.5*
Took a bit of time to arrive and they didn't have as wide of a selection as I'm used to. That being said, the dim sum itself was tasty and they do well with what they offer.笑
I have been here multiple times since the opening. Very impressed with the quality of the food and taste when I first visited more than one year ago maybe more. I tend to come for dim sum on the weekend so I have seen this restaurant at its highs and lows. At the high the service is great attentive and friendly, the dishes come out artfully presented and the preparation of the food is spot on, high level dim sum. The best dishes on the dim sum menu is he BBQ pastry puffs, beef short ribs, spring roll rice roll, deep fried shrimp dumplings with aioli, radish cake, ham siu kok, shrimp har gow, siu mai. Best from the regular and dinner menu is Peking duck, moo shu wraps, lettuce wraps, some shrimp dishes. Haven't tried steamed fish or lobster here yet. At the low, this place is overcrowded, servers are hurried and curt, service is minimal at best, there are no high chairs or boosters so you're forced to hold your child or set up your own folded high chair, nobody answers the phone, take out requires 30-44 minutes to wait for the food, the food comes out looking like it lost the extra touch and was thrown on the plate and tastes accordingly. I came here last Saturday again around noon. Food and service was great and it was not crowded due to sunny weather probably. This place has maintained its level of quality and worth a visit. Kwan at Yonge Street has maintained its status as best dim sum in the city. Note that Kwan at York Mills is very different.笑
Excellent dim sum, beautiful decor and lighting. Service is efficient and attentive. But if you're looking for warm smiles and chatty, friendly staff, that's not this place is.笑
KWAN GETS IT RIGHT!

I've ret'd. 3 times for dinner in the evening, since Kwan opened at Christmas. (They also serve dim sum at lunch, but can't speak to that, as I haven't been there for dim sum.)
The ambience is wonderful!  The main room emits a warm feeling (those who dined at Rhodes will remember the original herringbone wood flrs.) and has a newly re-done Asian decor.
The food is very good, prepared by the former chef from Lai Wai Huen. 
Dishes are creative and flavourful. Nice to start with Peking duck (which doesn't have to be requested/prepared in adv.) Their Hot and Sour Soup is excellent! Some other outstanding dishes are: chilli garlic prawns (especially delicious!) salt and pepper beef tenderloin cubes, crispy sesame chicken, moo shoo (pork, beef. or chicken) asparagus, coconut jello, etc. They also offer a 5- course meal for $30. ('haven't tried yet).
Service is very attentive; they will bring dishes in the order you request. Overall, the restaurant gets it right on all fronts!笑
It is hard to find a nice Chinese restaurant in the midtown.  Kwan is the one.  It occupied the previous Didier Restaurant location.   The décor looks similar.  It is mainly divided into 2 sections so if a party is held, it won't affect the other customers.

The waiter and waitress are friendly.  We order our dishes and ask them to hold until all arrived.

The varieties on the menu is not that many.  It has a set dinner menu.  The portion is a good size that I can see from another table.  Instead of the set menu, we want to try more.  

We order a Peking duck 2 courses for $48.  The plate has different cutting.  Some with just the crispy skin and others have lot of meats attached.  So pick your own choice!  There are enough wraps available.  The 2nd course comes with Bostonian lettuce with fried duck meat that is delicious.

The Seafood Pumpkin Soup ($8) has crab meat and scallop that make the bisque very tasty.  I found that more and more soup and congee are now with Pumpkin.

The Scallop wrapped in seaweed with Broccoli and truffle oil.  The scallop is big, soft and tasted fresh.  

Asparagus with Bamboo Shoots ($20) has fresh asparagus with 2 rows of bamboo shoots on top.

The Seafood fried rice though not much large dice of seafood is enough to fill up all our stomach.

Tea is served in nice looking white ceramic.

Dessert is Osmanthus Jelly on the house good for cleansing the mouth with the tea after the dinner.

If you are looking for a nice seating, atmosphere with fusion Chinese food favor to its authentic origin, it's the place to go.

You can convenient find a paid parking lot just north of the restaurant笑
Absolutely horrible and rude service by our waiter.  We asked to have some tables rearranged to better seat our large group but the head waiter angrily resisted.  He eventually obliged but not before going on an angry rant about how it was a burden for him.  We were only one of three groups in the restaurant that night and it was practically deserted.  It could not have been too great of a burden for him.  The same waiter also hurried us out to pay the bill and leave.  The average food does not justify such rude service.  Will not eat here again!笑
Prices are outrageously high, waiters are uncouth, food is akin to a food court. Enough said.笑
Let's make this quick. 

The food is average. We mainly tried the dimsum options. Best thing we ordered was the shrimp rice noodle dish. 

Ordered the cute bunny dessert at 12:59 and didn't get it until 1:21. Is this a joke?! I asked the waiter at 1:10 where it's at and he said it'll just be one minute. We obviously have different definitions of "one minute"

If I'm going to be paying $$, food shouldn't taste just okay and shouldn't take 20+ minutes for dessert to come out. 

PS. I'll give you an extra half of a star because the freakin bunnies were delicious.笑
Best dim sum in Toronto. My fav was the xo noodles, mini pot pies and the hargow - highly recommend this place for great atmosphere, food and service!笑
The food here was just amazing. The food was very authentic and the ambiance was great. I would come eat here everyday if I could. The food presentation was phenomenal!笑
Delightful and refreshing dim sum experience!

I think it's safe to say that I've eaten at my fair share of dim sum locations around the GTA.  Each with their pro and cons, some being better than others.  That being said, they all (unfortunately) shared one thing;  their decor.  Each Chinese restaurant that I've been to often falls prey to the 'quantity vs quality' tropes: the uneven circular tables draped in plastic for easy disposal, the extremely close table placements for maximum seating, the heavily stained carpet floors, rolled into kingdom come from countless dim-sum carts, to even the traditional Chinese vibrant red velvet walls, mounted with dragons, or phoenixes, or other symbolic creatures of Oriental influence (don't get me wrong, I love my golden turtle as much as the next guy, but the strong red gives you eyestrain similar to a doctor that had just completed a triple bypass surgery). 

I am happy to report that this restaurant does not fall victim to those choices. Kwan is probably THE nicest dim sum location I have ever been to.  From the lighting, to the plate selection and everything in between, the experience was extremely pleasing, and made my eating experience that much more enjoyable.  

That said, let's get to the food. I was surprised to find that my dim sum was being placed on my table no more than 5 minutes after handing the menu to the waiters. Ordinarily, I'd look down on  pre-preparing food for the sake of swift service, but the food they delivered did not seem show any signs of staleness/re-warming.  I had ordered the Siu Mai, which came out still steaming, and not dry (as if on a steamer for an extended period of time), the deep-fried shrimp dumpling came out extremely crispy, and not re-fried (I can tell, having worked at a sushi restaurant before), and the Shrimp Cheung Fun came out without any dry bits that would indicate a hot plate or something similar. In addition, the food tasted really fresh!  It's hard to explain, but it really felt like they used higher quality ingredients in creating the meals here than they would at your run-of-the-mill Dim Sum restaurant. Even the tea was well done! 

My only gripe is that the food her is rather expensive.  My 3-dish meal ran me just south of $20 ($5 per dish; Tips and tax included).  Their categorization of each food dish is rather cryptic with a very small print of the prices per dish size hidden near the back of their menu.  Honestly though, if my hunch about higher quality food is correct, I feel their higher prices are justified.

With all that said, I must say this was an extremely pleasant experience and will definitely come back here if I`m ever in the area.  Nice service, quick AND delicious food (who would've thought?), and AMAZING decor/atmosphere,I'd give it a 4.5 if I could, but am more than happy to give them a 5.笑
We were in Toronto for the weekend and my sister really wanted to eat dim sum, so our local relatives suggested we go to this place. First off, they serve dim sum even for dinner, which is pretty awesome. This dim sum restaurant is different from traditional ones where you pick whatever you want from the carts moving around in the room, and is mainly served during the day. The place is elegant, well designed, clean and not too loud. While there's not a wide selection of dim sum, what they offer is pretty well done, and they have a bigger selection of other, non-dim sum dishes like seafood fried rice, spicy eggplant & tofu, Taiwanese three cups chicken...

The main waiter who took our order was really nice and made few jokes about how the place was more for "white people". When we asked for a few dishes, he replied, "no way we serve that, it will make the other customers leave!" Of course, regardless of what he said, the food was pretty great. Despite his friendliness, the other waiters were pretty grumpy.

Overall, my favorite dish was the duck meat dumplings. If you love duck, you have to try it.笑
Horrible experience. Although the place looks very upscale, the service of the hosts/waiters are lowest of the low. They were extremely rude the entire time and make snarky remarks with their broken English. Considering that we made reservations and ordered over ten people's worth of food, we would expect at least some gratitude, but no. They won't even give us bowls or spoons to eat our fried rice with (only chopsticks and plates) until after we asked like 3 times. Are you for reals? The food itself is mediocre and the portion is way too small. Overall, the service ruined the experience for me.笑
Delicious! The menu was tantalizing with many attractive dishes. Everything aside from the lobster in sauce was wonderful. I can't wait to go back and explore the menu.笑
Great dim sum! Perfect for lunch or dinner. Never any 'crunchy bits' in their meat items.  Service was attentive and polite.笑
Loved the quality of the food here.

Just a few recs -- we ordered way too much -- the orders are generous in size -- even things like Shu-Mei and Har-Gow.  So order more conservatively and then order more if you need.

We had reservations and yet still waited about 20 minutes.  We did however go on a Sunday around 12:30 pm which is a very busy time for dim sum restaurants.

Do recommend whatever you want to try -- it is the typical Dim Sum - but of very high quality.
You tick off your selections from a form.
They then come back with a sheet showing what you ordered and tick off each item as it arrives at the table.

The place is bustling and you can certainly see why.
Recommend that you transit -- or there is a GreenP around the corner (not inexpensive though)!笑
Growing up in a primarily Chinese neighborhood in Vancouver where authentic dim sum is always within walking distance has resulted in my high standards for dim sum. Kwan's dim sum wasn't bad, per se but it wasn't as authentic and enjoyable as what I've grown up eating. We ordered the following items:

-Beef Rice Noodle Rolls
-XO Fried Rice Noodles w/ Beef
-BBQ Pork Buns
-Steamed Chicken Feet
-Steamed Bean Curd Roll w/ Assorted Veggies

The steamed chicken feet, beef rice noodle roll and BBQ pork buns were delicious and met my standards. However the XO Fried Rice Noodles were painfully salty and the Bean Curd Roll brought little joy to my tastebuds.

Unlike lots of dim sum restaurants in Chinatown or in Chinese neighborhoods I felt like this restaurant was less focused on the authenticity of the food and more on making the decor and ambiance more upscale and hip. In short, if you're a newcomer to dim sum and don't have high expectations like me this place isn't bad. BUT for my fellow Chinese Canadians who want something that reminds them of home, I'd avoid this place.笑
I don't have a lot of good things to say about this place except that the food is decent but service is lacking. This restaurant is relatively new but will not last long if they do not change/improve things. Food is good but service needs to be improved (they are understaffed).笑
The food was delicious, but the server was unbelievably rude. I'm usually very kind and understanding when it comes to these things as I have worked in at a high end restaurant. I heard from others that the servers can be rude and that I should avoid Kwan but I thought I would give it a chance...However the server was just unbelievably rude...it wasn't even busy!? It was actually quite empty..lovely restaurant...lovely atmosphere until you have your server come around. Not only was he yelling at us..he made us feel uncomfortable asking for water ...or for anything for that matter.笑
Growing up in Toronto as a second generation Chinese, I've had my healthy share of dim sum having dined 2 to 3x a week of my 50 years of life in Toronto.  I was excited to try Kwan and while I would give high marks to: ambience, friendly & efficient service and overall food / flavors.  The prices are quite, $2.00 per person for tea (they even charged my 11 year old daughter who didn't even have tea) and a table of 6 the bill for Friday dim sum was $155.  Better value and view at Pearl Harbourfront for less money & same flavors. I'm glad I tried Kwan and will go back when I'm next in Midtown, but it's not on my fav top 3 priority places.笑
Tried this place out and will not be going back. First impressions - Nice place, well put together, but staff were missing in action, no hostess. After waiting in the front, we were finally seated menus dropped off and our server vanished. No explanation of the menu, no drink orders, nothing.

Overall the service was bad, especially for the prices. It's wasn't busy, so there should not have been any problems. Had to ask for tea 3 times, water FOUR times. Once we flagged down a server and ordered the majority of our food came out in a reasonable time. The dim sum was ok, but you can do much better for the price. 

Service really needs to improve before they can justify the prices.笑
FOOD: ok
SERVICE: terrible! And be prepared to wait 15minutes just to get a waiter to come.
ENVIRONMENT: super hot in there and stuffy, no air circulation. 

- won't be coming back.笑
Very disappointed! The food was ok, I found the flavours very bland. But the service was terrible! We didn't even get a few items that we had ordered and decided not to even bother reminding them. Then it took 30 minutes to get someone's attention to even bring us our bill! Never going back.