Great atmosphere and creepy dudes are kicked out when they start being gross. Super welcoming environment for women :)笑
MANDATORY SUNDAY WINGS NIGHT.

There is nowhere else in the world you should be on a Sunday night than with your friends at Nextdoor. The fun staff (led by a great manager) make this place.笑
This is a cool neighborhood pub. Nice selections of tap-beers for your standard IPA and Red's to your dark stout (Guinness). I meet with some friends and the place was perfect, not to loud, cool food selection and reasonably priced beer (7-8$ per pint, 14-16$ for 1 litter and around 25$ for a pitcher). just like a neighborhood bar is suppose to be.笑
Went in for a hockey night, was really fun. The service was surprisingly fast and the hot chicken wing?! Really great. They have a big screen for watching sports. Prices acceptable.笑
Good neighbourhood bar with lots of potential. It is what it is. Nice outdoor terrasse. A little overpriced on the whiskey. The food isn't remarkable but decent. I am intrigued by the deep fried mars bars and cheese cake. Next time.笑
Sunday wings day! For all the chicken wings lovers out there. THIS is the place to satisfy your cravings. Every Sunday they offer chicken wings for 39 cents!!! Minimum of 6 wings per order/flavor. Me and my husband tried like 7 different flavors! From spicy hot to jerk chicken, dry steak rub, spicy BBQ and they even had a spicy general tao one..which was my favorite! There's a flavor for everyone's taste. They werent too small, had the right amount of sauce where it's finger licking good after each wings and on top of that they were slightly crispy. Service was amazing and they provide you with a metal bowl for the bones, wet towelettes and a big roll of paper towel that will save you when things get too messy.笑
I'm always impressed by how packed this neighborhood pub is, even on a Sunday night. The $0.29 wings special on Sundays must be the best deal in town - coupled with $4 pints of house beer and I'm a happy frugal patron. There are a handful of wing flavours: stick with honey garlic and BBQ, the rest are salt assault. Nexthill, the house beer, is A-OK. Nachos are a huge portion.

I'd say it's the crowd and small cozy hood feel that sets this pub appart from an otherwise ordinary bar serving commercial beer. The staff is super cool.笑
Our first time in Montreal on Christmas Day as tourist and stumbled upon this place. Not many places open on his day. This place was great all around. Service very well and friendly. Drinks were great and the ambience was alive and welcoming. Felt like a local instantly. The Christmas Devore and vibe truly set the night and saved our Christmas night outing. Highly recommended if you want good drinks and a good ambience for good prices.笑
Première visite: ça DOIT être un dimanche! Après 5h, les ailes de poulet sont à 30 sous chaque. Une assez grande variété d'ailes de poulet à essayer. Si vous venez en groupe (nous autres on était 4), essayez en plusieurs sortes et partagez. Le pub est très petit, les tables sont très rapprochées et bondées, l'ambiance est tamisée. Ce ne serait pas mon premier choix de pub pour sortir en couple, ni fréquemment, mais étant une amatrice d'ailes, c'est quand même l'un des premiers dans ma liste si j'ai une fringale d'ailes de poulet. Pour toutes ces raisons, je mets un 4*.笑
I enjoy my visits to the pub. The staff are great guys (& gals) and Sundays are chicken wing nights that tend to perk up my weekend. They used to have great jazz Thursdays as well, shows how dynamic the small space can be. It's a really inviting setup that seems to suit every season better than the last.

Food: 9/10
Service: 9/10
Price: 9/10
Atmosphere: 10/10笑
My boyfriend and best friend took me here for my birthday. The service was very attentive, food was really good. They have various special throughout the week, when we were there they had a special on martinis.  I had the cosmo, which you can't go wrong,  and the June bug, a tropical martini which makes you feel like your on a beach.  It's a tiny place, so it can get crowded, but it's a great little neighborhood bar.笑
Had a great experience there a couple of weeks ago on a Friday night. Arrived just before 10pm so our group was able to grab the last available table. The waitress was friendly and efficient. The mac n cheese and the sweet potato fries were delicious. This place's atmosphere was definitely alive and fun! A neighbourhood gem.

This was in stark contrast with my first experience there last year, when we had a horrible experience food and service-wise at brunch! Lesson learned; go for late night food & drinks.笑
I went to this bar one evening with a friend and was surprised at how packed in it was, there was literally one table left for us to sit at. You definitely do not go here to have a private conversation with someone. The staff seemed very in control despite the volume of people and came to our table 3 or 4 times before we were ready to order. I ordered some perogies... PEROGIES at a bar!! They were an awesome snack! They also have a cool looking selection of martinis I would someday like to try as well as a Deep Fried Mars Bar located in the dessert menu.... Very interesting and definitely different menu. If everything is as good as my perogies were I'm not surprised that this is a popular place and I will be back!笑
Fun place.  We stayed nearby and walked here for dinner and drinks.  This place is small but handles the crowd well.  The bar staff was excellent.  Had some Swedish fish shots that were very good.  We had a great time.笑
My review may be a little biased because I was a little tipsy when we got here, but I ordered the chicken fajitas without cheese or tortillas. I was pleasantly surprised that it was fresh and delicious! Price was good and the salsa was actually really incredible? It wasn't all overly salty and the veggies and chicken were fresh and yummy. I really enjoyed it.

We were served all night by the infamous Jerry, and as always he was great and never stopped smiling and I think I ended up drinking a bottle of gin by myself. We had a blast! He and the female bartender who was very nice and I think I hit on were a great duo and handled the surprisingly packed place efficiently! I look forward to going back next time I'm up there. Away from the crowded downtown but still a lot of fun because you can have a blast without being molested by the 18 year old tourists!笑
Love love love this place. Hidden gem in ndg. High energy staff, small but mega solid menu. A charming little pub.笑
This bar is great for what it is. Great local bar with decent prices. Chill there all the time with my friends.

P.S. Their perogies, nachos, and sweet potatoe fries are amazing!笑
I'll just begin by saying that I love this place. I've been there a couple of time, always on Wednesday because they have their Martini Mercredi deal; 6$ instead of 9$ for their delicious martini. The bartender, Stefano, is super nice and can make you some tasty martini according to your taste. Really, their martini are amazing! :)

I never had any food except for their bottle cap jalapeño which consist of slice of jalapeño fried served with a ranch sauce, it's pretty epic.

Every time I went, it was full which affected the wait time, it was sometime long but that's okay when you're in good company. Also, it's quite small but it's never feels too crowded and the decor is nice.

Overall it's an amazing pub that I'll keep on going to when I want martini!笑
It's a bar in NDG. And that's pretty much all you need to know. There is a serious and detrimental dearth of good watering holes in The Deeg and this place helps. Get a Boulevardier ... it is an excellent idea. Euro pints of Sapporo.笑
Yah, I'll be back. I don't spend much time in this area, but it is nostalgic for me and some of my best friends are out here and I look forward to meeting them for pints at this classic, welcoming pub. I walked in at like 1:30pm on a Friday and it was just the right kind of full. Folks having friendly lunches with a beer or glass of wine, nice mix of ages and vibes in the clientele, the true in effable feeling of a neighbourhood public house that makes my wee heart happy. 

I sat at the bar and had a totally enjoyable pint and laugh with the staff. I ordered the pasta special since I was in a bit of a rush, and I think I'd order one of the classic pub dishes from their menu instead next time, it tasted a bit like I was eating something that had been invented to get through a weird collection of leftover ingredients. But I was also under the weather and my tastebuds were in weirdo mode, so that's not entirely on them. Still, I think a mac and cheese or chicken wings would be the better move next time. Looking forward to it! 

Also wanted to give a shoutout to the chalk artist who does all their menus - her work is all over the small bar and it's beautiful and neat and really adds to a feeling of being in a space that cares. Small thing but I loved it.笑
Was visiting in town for two weeks and was trying quite a few pubs/bars in the area and made my way to this place. The staff was very personable and very attentive. My second visit there I met Jay the bar manager and was hooked. I ended up going 3 times in the last week i was there. i ate a meal every time and was never let down. The chili that was recommended was amazing. The bar tenders were some of the best I have dealt with along with the atmosphere. Met great people every time I was there and met some people I plan to come back and visit. If you are in the area this is a great place to stop by.笑
I don't go to PND often, but it's a nice spot if you just want to enjoy a beer and some food after work or a quick catch up with friends.  

During the hockey season, they show the game on the tvs and one bigger projector screen.  However, if you don't show up 2-3 hours in advance depending on where we are in the season, there is no chance of getting a seat.  I have been there while seeing a line of people going out the door.

Overall, it is a really small space and being comfortable when it is busy can be a bit of a struggle but the staff is AMAZING.  The food is great and on Sundays, how can you beat 29 cent wings (SO tasty).

My friends love this spot and it's definitely a place you'll want to revisit.笑
A fairly non-descript neighbourhood pub. The drinks are reasonably priced, and the food is what you'd expect from any other pub: good enough to hit the spot and soak up the booze, but unremarkable enough that it won't leave you with any impressions.

Given the neighbourhood, it's the only thing pub-like nearby, and a safe bet it that's what you're looking for.笑
What a gem! 

I love that this place exists and that it really is close enough to be "next door"! It has great vibes, great staff, and great grub. The prices are crazy affordable and the portions are enormous. 

From 5à7s every day of the week to ~martini Wednesday's~ to wings night to bottomless brunch, there is always a good reason to stop by!

Bottom line, it's a great neighbourhood haunt worth checking out. 

Pro tip: forget pints. Live a little and order the euro ;)笑
Tres bruyant surtout avec un match sportif sur les ecran tv, ambiance assurée, brunch standard .. Very slow service .. English speaking staff.笑
Really cool bar in NDG. Nice staff, always open, good drinks, nice food options. Good size: cozy, but not tiny. Nice layout and location. Staff also nice. Though it gets too loud for my taste on sports nights.

This and Honey Martins hugely contribute to making NDG a great place to live.笑
I've only been here on Sunday night (wing night) but I go nearly every week and I've only missed a handful of Sundays in the last year and a half. The wings are cheap and delicious, the drinks are well priced, and the staff is excellent. My girlfriend loves the deep fried Mars bar, too. If I lived in the neighbourhood, I'd be there more often, but as it is my friends and I metro down to NDG from the Plateau and Petite Patrie every week. 

If watching the big game is your thing, it's a great place for that too. I've been at Nextdoor a few times during playoffs games, and the atmosphere in the bar was almost as intense and exciting as it must have been in the Bell Centre. 

I love this place. You can't go wrong.笑
One of the best bars in my neighborhood, cool and polite staff with nice behavior, best quality of food and fair price. Next door is always my first choice to have fun, drink, and eat.笑
I always feel so welcomed when I'm here. 

Their beer selection has changed recently but it is is still good. 

Great bourbon and (red) wine selection as well.  

I've come here on wing night, taco Tuesday, and martini Wednesday countless times. 
I'm never disappointed by the service and quality of food. 

Although it's a small space, it's worth the wait in line.笑
We came here for my birthday brunch, we were 8. After a little rocky start for reasons out of everyone's control, the staff and management went above and beyond to fix a the issue. 

The staff has great personality, from the busboy busting out in song to apologize for the wait. (Is it too late now to say sorry..by BEIBER) as well as signing Adele, to the whole staff signing me happy birthday with cake. (Deep fried mars bar.. Mmmmmm) Just a really sweet experience.

They have super yummy ceaser's and mimosa's. They are BOTH endless on Sundays and you can rotate back and forth!  They also have a good wing promotion on Sunday


The bar itself is pretty tiny, but has good seating options as well as a good section for groups. It's got a great decor