I have never had a disappointing experience at chick-fil-a until today. They were fairly fast at the checkout but when I got my sandwich I had the tiniest piece of grilled chicken I have ever seen on a sandwich! It was way smaller than the bun. Another one with me got a chicken sandwich and hers was small as well. Not sure if its a new thing Chick fil A is doing or if it was just this store.Ǿ
First I must say I am a Chick-Fila fan. When it comes to this particular location I can only get their breakfast. I have tried their non-breakfast menu atleast twice ordering the standard chicken sandwich with DISSATISFACTION. 

*TWICE I was given a sandwich with an unusually small piece of chicken with hardly no breading. After waiting in the drive thru FOREVER during lunch hours.*

The first time I gave them the benefit of the doubt thinking this is a rare occurence and went back. The second time I opened my sandwich and saw that little uncrispy piece of chicken I was done. I wasted my time and money NEVER AGAIN. 

I rather drive further to Belmont where I always get what i pay for and the lines move faster.Ǿ
I love chick fil a salads and have ordered the cobb salad at approximately 30 different chick fil a restaurants. This one was so so disappointing. Was more of a side than a meal. The staff also has very little sense of urgency, which is also odd for a chick fil a. No matter how busy they are, they are always smiling and rushing. Not the case here. Not stopping at this one afainǾ
I am a fan of this chain. I love the waffle fries and chic o sandwich . 
I don't understand why this location is so slow. I've been to many and this is the slowestǾ
As well run as most Chic Fil A locations are, this one is a huge disappointment. I've given it two chances, and every time it's incredibly slow. It took ten minutes just to order with only two people in line ahead of me, and about the same amount of time to get my one chicken breakfast burrito. It doesn't help the image that as I'm typing this there is a huge line to order, and about 8 employees are all on break at the same time joking around.Ǿ
I love Chick fil A, but after moving to Gastonia and this being the closest location, it is definitely no longer a go-to choice. Always extremely busy with not as friendly-as-expected staff, but the worst is the size of the food! The nuggets are about half the size of other locations and the sandwich is closer to a quarter the size of most locations, as well as dry, slightly cold, and stringy. Never again!Ǿ
We went at 6pm. The food was good but experience was not impressive. Very slow and backed up. They seemed understaffed. The same guy that took our order got our drinks and made our iced coffee. I had to tell him twice I only wanted the entrees, not the meals so he had to re-ring the order. Only one girl was working the entire dining room so all the trash cans were full because she was delivering food and what not for everyone. We travel through here frequently and will not stop here again.Ǿ
I love Chick-fil-A, but this is the worst one I've ever been to and that's including hospital, mall, and campus locations! We've recently moved to the area and have visited this location at least 10 times hoping it will be better the next time. The last time we went will be the last time. We got breakfast chicken biscuits that tasted frozen or maybe had just been sitting too long at 7am. Employees have never been friendly when we go which is disappointing because that's what the Chick-fil-A brand is known for. Now we'll have to travel just to go to a decent Chick-fil-A.Ǿ
Is it possible to get a negative review. Management at this place needs to get with it or fired. Worst service in the history of the world.Ǿ
Food cold. Girl at window had no personality. Couldn't tell sweet tea dei half and half.Ǿ
Dirtiest chick fil a play area I've ever seen! There were clumps of hair everywhere, all the surfaces were greasy and gross. And it wasn't even busy in there. My kids where the only ones there. Yuck!!Ǿ
This is one of the most difficult stores to enter and exit.

It's such a busy location and because of the way it's situated in the corner
of this shopping area...it can be quite dangerous.

Of course when your mission is a gallon of diet lemonade which can only be acquired here....you take on the challenge!Ǿ
I have never once in my life criticized a Chick-fil-A. Their chain has always had great quality food good morals and generally very good service. This store was the exception in terms of service. I can't emphasize enough how slow and disorganized they seemed. I was there at about 8 o'clock this morning which was a Saturday and it wasn't all that busy but people were standing around waiting on their orders while there was one employee sleeping at a table and others walking around visibly doing very little to help out the confusing and slow situation. I gave this store two stars only because of their food. I am surprised by how poorly run the store seem to be.Ǿ
I'm not one to complain very much and I understand sometimes you're order as in my case is not right. But I watched a couple of people while I was waiting before me and their orders were not right as was mine and I know I watched three people for sure after me also and the staff was very unapologetic making the customer come back to the counter to fix their orders for dining room people. This was my first visit to this location I'm from Florida in Tallahassee for those locations are excellent and strive to serve this one not so muchǾ
This is the worst Chick-fil-A I've ever been too by a substantial margin.  Employees were arguing with each other and the service was painfully slow.  The cashier had to go get food for people in front of me while other employees did nothing.  I recommend CFA corporate should completely take this place over.Ǿ
Always a great time at chick-fil-a. Food is delicious as usual and the staff super friendly and ready to help! This time there was no music on though. Who knew I'd miss the uplifting music while I ate my chicken sandwich and fries! This is always a go to for lunch when we are crunched for time!Ǿ
The worst CFA I have EVER visited!  The service is always terrible, the drive through line takes forever and inside is no better.  The staff is not as friendly as other locations and the food is not up to CFA standards.  Save yourself the hassle and drive the extra 15 minutes to the Belmont location!Ǿ
This is the worst chick-fil-a I have ever visited. Service is terrible. The lines are always long and take forever to get through.Ǿ
Learn from other Chicfilas and get staff to help outside when you're busy. I got in line and after not moving for 10 minutes I left.Ǿ
Slowest Chick-Fil-A I have ever been to. I love Chick-Fil-A, and before moving to Gastonia, ate it at least twice a week. This particular store isn't worth the effort. I sat in the drive thru for 25 minutes. I couldn't even get out of line to leave because of the way the parking lot is set up, and the amount of people that were there. The food was ok, but even my sandwich was a little over cooked and dry. Not impressed.Ǿ
This is the worst Chick-fil-A I have ever been too. They left part of my lunch order out of my bag. I get back to work and notice I have no Sandwich. I call them back and the "manager" there said I could come back. At this point I'm at work and my lunch is ruined. They should have brought me the sandwich 8 mins away. I told them I was joy satisfied with making me come back for their error. Instead she wanted to make jokes or talk about how thy couldn't fix their mistake. I will not be visiting this Chick-fil-A again until their service is fixed. 

Very Disappointed and Hungry.Ǿ
I agree with everyone on this post. This is the worst cfa I have EVER been to and it sucks because it's right by my house.

I have been multiple times. ALWAYS painfully slow! Each time I've been it's at least 20 minute wait! One time I was sick between people and sat there for 45 minutes! The food quality is not to cfa standards as well, cold, miniature sized pieces of chicken don't even cover half of the sandwich, wrong items, even my milkshake was a liquid mess. 

The worst part besides how slow is the service of the employees, they are all rude, never smile or say my please or any of the normal cfa service. They honestly do not care that you wait for 30 minutes they go about talking and joking and just standing around? There's a line completely all the way around the building and your moving like a slug. It's not a welcoming environment it's like they all hate their job! The employees even argue and yell at each other on multiple occasions in the dining area and the drive thru.

YOU HAVE ONE... I REPEAT 1 STAR ON YELP TOM ELLINGTON! DO YOU NOT THINK IT IS TIME TO HIRE NEW MANAGEMENT!!! 

Also I can't believe CHick-fil-a as a corporation is allowing this nonsense to go on. This is horrible for the chick-Fil-a name to have such an establishment!Ǿ
Is it possible to give 0 stars? 

Make the drive to Belmont; this Chick-fil-A is a joke. Their service is awful and the orders are almost always wrong. It is incredibly slow, whether you do the drive through or walk in. The staff is rude and I often see them just standing around talking. 

I could write of several bad encounters here but I'm sure I would run out of room. So I pick this: I was in line for their breakfast, which ends at 10:30am. I was in their drive through line before this time. As I mentioned before, they are very slow so by the time I was ready to order, it was 10:31 and they refused to serve me breakfast. Seriously?! Don't cross homegirl on the breakfast! 

It was "my pleasure" to write this.Ǿ
Worst Chick-fil-A ever in my whole life.
We're only customer but waited 5 min to order. Got our order wrong. Did not put whip cream in chocolate milkshake. Dirtiest chick-fil-a ever been in.Ǿ
The facility is terrible. Trash under and along the drive thru window.Ǿ
slow, needs new management, can't handle rush hour workers, who are not too lazy to get out of their cars, only park and go in to order (even tho I have heard that is just as slow) if you are a jobless person, you'll never make it back to work on time