The Sicilian pizza and breadsticks were so good!! I'm definitely going back to this place.Ǿ
This place had the best pizza delivery in this area.  It's a shame they were not able to keep the doors open.  I ordered from here a few times and always had wonderful service/delivery and pizza. A bit on the $$ side but it was well worth it. Sad they are gone.Ǿ
Decent food, horrific service. Over an hour wait for our food. A total of 6 of us came in for lunch thinking it would be quick. After all, there was only one other person in the establishment. If they are hoping to last in the restaurant game, the outlook is dismal. If you can't work out the basics of restaurant management, good luck staying open.Ǿ
Best pizza and pasta. Chicken Alfredo is the bomb.  Very friendly homemade dough sauces and lots of options. Love this place.Ǿ
As a native New Yorker, I know my pizza.  I ate here right after they opened and noticed that the pizza had a decent flavor, but not a lot of ingredients.  It's like they were rationing their meat & cheese.  Unfortunately, the crust was also unevenly cooked and had burnt patches underneath.  My family and I gave them the benefit of the doubt as a new business and ate there a 2nd time.  The pizza was surprisingly not any better.  Even after ordering extra cheese, the toppings were still sparse.  As a new customer you would expect a new restaurant to go above & beyond to please those who patronized their business, by adding more toppings as a selling point to help retain and grow their customer base.  Word a mouth is killer in the day & age of social media and unfortunately for them they can't delete every comment that they don't like, especially those posted on Yelp as they've been known to do on their Facebook page.   Sorry guys, we really tried to like your food.Ǿ
The staff can come across as somewhat unprofessional at times but the portions are huge, prices are good, and they are taking steps to make the place nicer.Ǿ
Soooo, here's the real look at this establishment.  Start with the pizza. Actually it was pretty good. Sauce was good,crust well made, nice balance of cheese and pepperoni.  Crust  was very nicely done, crispy and tasty.  The problem is the place is run down and it's only been open for a few months.  First look we saw soiled tables.  The walls are scuffed up in several spots, sure looks like place wasn't painted prior to opening. Several overhead lighting fixtures were missing bulbs, so some seating areas are dimly  lit. The booth bench seating was uneven, one bench higher than the one directly across the table. The seats were worn and frayed in spots.  Changed from booth seats to table with chairs.  Chairs were wobbly and shaky.  Had to switch chairs 3 times before getting a chair that was stable.   The time we were there was a Tuesday evening around 6 P.M. and we were the only customers in the whole place....should have been a sign.  We asked if the place is always that empty and waitress said yes, but on Friday and Saturday there have good crowd.  Can't run a business on 2 nights a week.  Don't expect this place to stay open too long.Ǿ
What a joke! We have eaten there a couple of times and sandwiches were good. We order for delivery last night and was the worst I've ever had. We were told 30 minutes for a spaghetti dinner and one slice of pizza. We live 1/2 mile away. After 45 minutes we call and were told three people quit on the spot (the person who answered was laughing about it) and said it would be here in 10 minutes. We call again after another 30 minutes went by and just tell them to refund our money and was told they could not do that but would give us a store credit and it would only be a few minutes and they would still deliver our food. Food has yet to arrive so I call again and the person who answered said they didn't know where their delivery drivers were and they couldn't get ahold of them. So I tell them I don't want store credit and just refund our debit card. After talking to three people, the last person did refund our card (at least that's what he said). So after over two hours of this we turn off porch light thinking maybe delivery driver quit too. Five minutes later we get our order and I ask the kid why it took over two hours. He mumbles something and turns around and leaves. The spaghetti was hot but the garlic bread was barely wrapped in foil and some of it was exposed. The big joke was the slice of so-called pizza that was cold and burnt all over! This place sounds like a good candidate for the Kitchen Nightmares show.