This is just a hole in the wall place where you can get really good take out biryani. They also have a few kababs and rolls on the menu, but have never tried those.
For its price, the chicken biryani is definitely a steal. The biryani is not too spicy, but at the same time, has that wonderful taste that any good biryani should have. They also have lamb biryani on weekends, but they always run out of it by the time I get there.
Ghareeb Nawaz is not somewhere you take your girlfriend to, but it is quite perfect for those lazy evenings when you crave for some decent biryani.Ǿ
This place is take out (they have one small table). The food is cheap and very good. I've had both the biryani and chicken boti. The chicken biryani spicing is wonderful. The only drawback is parking is very limited in this small plaza.Ǿ
Just an inexpensive take-out place in Scarborough. They have very few dishes and the Chicken Biryani and the Kebab are very good. In this case the price is almost lower than making the Biryani at home if I knew how. Later in the day they run out of certain items.Ǿ
I'm a huge biryani fan and in Scarborough, this literal hole in the wall is a regular for me and my fam especially when we're looking for cheap, good, no frills type of food.  

With literally 5 items in their menu:
1) Chappli Kebab (ground beef or mutton with various spices in the shape of a patty inside a wrap), 
2) Hunter Beef (slightly spicy beef in a wrap), 
3) Sheek Kebab (some places spell this as Seekh Kebab but basically it's minced meat with spices in a - you guessed it - a wrap), 
4) Chicken Boti (dark meat in - surprise - a wrap) and 
5) Chicken Biryani (my personal go to - no wrap; just 2 spicy chicken drumsticks buried under a mountain of gently spiced bismati rice and you can request for spicy or mild with yummy homemade sauces to add more flavour to the dish), this place is not for the fru fru, elite, first date, white linen type looking for an "ethnic experience" (i actually heard someone say that while in line at a middle eastern resto once and I wanted to smack her) but is perfect for the "good value for your money, quick in and out, eat in my car, it's all about the yummy with little money, comfort food" type of yelper. 

Again - this place is your no frills, 2 seater, 5 option, hole in the wall with yummy nummy food at under $6 each :) In my books - can't go wrong :pǾ
You get what you paid for here. If you want to fill yourself up for low price this is the place. Nothing memorable besides the price.Ǿ
After being recommended  by a friend, i gave it a try today. It is take out place with 5 item menu, a biryani and 4 type of wraps. the gentleman at the counter  asked me if i like spicy biryani which i wanted.  Later it turned out not that spicy. The taste is okay, i have had better in other places. The chicken boti wrap was good though. The wraps reminded me the wraps back home in Pakistan.Ǿ
This is my favourite place. Love their rolls snd biryanis. Price is reasonable. Friendly owner