I attended this restaurant/banquet hall for lunch buffet and unfortunately I will never return.

The majority of food was not so much tasteless, but simply off-tasting. Having devoted so much of my time, money and hunger to devouring quality indian food from the GTA to as far as India, I feel as though I have a solid grasp on the cuisine, and Mumbai Sapphire has an abundance of work to do. 

The majority of the curries here were extremely "soupy". Take the mattar paneer for example, cubes of paneer (cheese) and mattar (green peas) in a sweetish and somewhat thick curry sauce. At the Sapphire this dish looked like a big container of soup, I had to use the spoon to dig up and raise to the surface the peas and cheese, on top of that the dish was bland and textureless. I soon learned this was the formula to many of their curries, soup. 

The butter chicken (the dish that has the potential to make or break this establishment) tasted like tomato soup. It was as red as Rudolph's nose and full of drumsticks?!?! DRUMSTICKS?? Butter chicken is made with boneless chicken and should have a creamy and comforting consistency to it. This one was a large container of tomato soup full of bones. In addition to this madness, Ariel G. told me how he informed an employee there of the overpowering wealth of tomato flavour in the BC and they told him how he doesn't know what real indian food should taste like. 

Sadly there is not really any dish here worth mentioning. The service was good and they bring fresh naan to your table, which earned them 2 stars. To date there is still no indian buffet that holds it down like the Host, it's no surprise that they raised the price of their buffet. 
http://is.gd/4Xl0y

If you're searching for proper butter chicken and serious homestyle indian food, start with the below. 

http://is.gd/4Xli8
http://is.gd/4Xlg2笑
(3.5) Wow, after reading the other reviews -- I feel like I went to completely different place last night. 

The staff was really friendly and service was quick: every time we got up to get more food, someone would come to clear away our dirty plates and refill our water cups.

I thought $11.95 for a weekend dinner buffet was rather affordable. I was coming here with low expectations (based on the other reviews), but I had a coupon, so I wanted to try it out.

The food was actually pretty good. I have been to several other Indian buffets and this one was one of the better. Buffets are not really great to begin with -- I always prefer a la carte -- but I really enjoyed my meal here at Mumbai Sapphire.

There was a good selection of food, healthy portions of chicken in the meat dishes, and lots of vegetarian options. The place was empty, only 1 other couple was eating in there, but that's ok -- I am sure this place is more busy during the work week. 

I will definitely come here again: good price, decent food and friendly staff.笑
3.5 stars. We got a groupon but just went last night, meaning a lot of time has passed since it was offered and there was not a rush of people. In fact it was totally empty when we got there, and when we left 4 other couples had come. (note: we HAD made a reservation as was stated in the email Groupon had sent out after the initial disaster they encountered)

The food: Really really good. I'm not a huge fan of Indian but this was all pretty tasty. The veggie fritters were amazing, as well as the beef curry, curried chickpease, curried potatoes and naan bread. The nann was crispy yet soft, buttery yet mellow. It was DELICIOUS. The butter chicken was not made with breast meat so I had to deduct a star for that, i've had better butter chicken elswhere. Final verdict, the food was good, hot and they didn't run out of anything. Which is good in my buffett books. 

Ambiance: none. there is no music and only one waiter, but you don't really go to buffett's for ambiance do you? A bit of background noise would have been good though, other than the wheel of fortune that the owners were watching in the other room. 

All in all, give this place a try because for 10.99 regular price you can eat a ton of food that is of decent quality. Really enjoyed what I had and will return.笑
This establishment is now closed. The same phone number is being answered and the name of the restaurant has changed....hopefully......笑
Always excellent.  Packed on Fridays.  Get the butter chicken. It's the best in Markham says our entire Indian buffet crew! The Nan is always very fresh and hot and never over buttered!

Egg curry, beef vindiloo and goat curry was excellent today, was in and out in under 30 min. Good service as usual! The 2 reviews below are killing this place-we have loved it before and since the new owners. It's a great spot.  See for yourself.