I eat here quite often and every time find myself almost dumbfounded at how delicious the food is. Both the avgolemeno and lentil soups are awesome, and you can't go wrong with their salads or anything from the grill. Their hummus and spanakopita are my favorite of all the Mediterranean restaurants I visit. I usually order delivery with no issues but have always had pleasant and friendly service when dining in. Love this place, I'll be back time and time again!笑
OPA! 

This place was almost perfect. Almost...

I loved the blue walls with white trim that lined the store. It seemed to be a very quaint store seating below 100 seats inside and out.

The menu was small and that was perfect as the three dishes we ordered came out like ambrosia. I usually only eat one thing when I return to a store. Here however I want to try one of everything.

Service wasn't bad but wasn't good either. There was only one waiter to serve, clear, and refill drinks and he was busting his butt so it didn't surprise me our drinks were empty  for a long period of time (8mins) on more than one occasion. 

I will be back soon and encourage you to come on down!笑
CLOSED SUNDAY! I've been burned twice now by Yelp with wrong hours, oddly enough, both at Greek places on Sunday. Lesson learned-call first...

I love the bright, cheerful blue and white interior and the beautiful, genuinely friendly waitresses here. Of course, the food is truly stellar. 

Excellent eggplant salad and chicken soup.

Thanks, Blair B., for the tip!

Cheers~笑
I want to start off by saying the baklava is the best I've ever had, hands down; however, that's the only silver lining. The food is mediocre and over priced and they do charge extra for every side condiment. The reason for this review is why I will never come back. The restaurant had just closed maybe 4 minutes ago and we tried to get a last minute baklava since it is already made so all they have to do is ring it up. We came another time before about five minutes late again and the male sever gave it to us no problem. This time there was a female server and she adamantly told us no. She was very rude for selling a simple item. I understand they had just closed, but really took no effort on her part. Needless to say, that server is not too customer friendly for a town based on hospitality. Too many other restaurants that try harder to cater to customers for me to waste my money there, no matter how good the baklava is.笑
This place is grest. Found it by accident.   Tucked away between an Indian restaurant and a supermarket.  Bright and clean.   The food was great starting with fresh baked bread.  The house dressing on the salad was perfect, light and simple with a wonderful flavor.  We ordered an appetizer of ba aganooush.(sp?) I'm used it it being a little more chunky, but the taste was right on.  We also split a gyro dinner.  Glad we did the split because it was Lumber Jack sized. The meat was moist with lots of toasty  burnt edges.  This place will be on our regular stops every time we come to town.笑
We had a group of 3. Leisurely start for service since one waitress and many tables, but good we it started. Great food, not disappointed with the lamb. House salad surprising good. Good baklava. Pleasant greek  decor  our fan list.笑
To have authentic Greek food, you have to have a Greek cook and you need to speak  to real Greeks not middle easterners who think Baba Ganoush is Greek!  And when you get your gyro you dont serve it with a pickle!  You serve it with greek fries and your drink.  It upsets me when you have a so-called Greek restaurant but every recipe or menu item is tweaked and changed.  Authentic means original not Middle Eastern style Greek.笑
Delicious. What a simple and perfect place. 

Like most restaurants in Vegas, it's in an old crappy shopping center and you would never think to try it unless you saw it on Yelp and read the great reviews. 

The decor inside is semi outdated but also authentic. The menu is clear and simple with a great variety. The prices are totally reasonable. My girlfriend and I shared the saganaki (fried cheese) which came with pita, I had a falafel gyro with a delicious side Greek salad and she had a small Greek salad and a cup of soup. The dressing was a simple Olive oil/ vinegar /lemon juice  blend but so flavorful and fresh. The bill was under 30.00 and we had lots of delicious food. 

The vibe inside was steady but calm and great for a leisurely lunch. Servers were helpful, knowledgeable and nice. 

I would definitely come back on the regular.笑
I came here with the hubby. This was our 2nd time trying Greek food. Which turned out better than I had expected from our first time (at a different location). Our server was a male, he was okay, but he isn't the friendliest server (lost a point). The food came out quickly. We ordered the hummus and the babaganoush for our appetizer, which was really good. The husband ordered the "Fat Greek Gyro" he really enjoyed his meal. I ordered the "Falafal" that was also good. Both of the sandwiches were huge! The hubby was super stuffed and I was only able to eat half. Overall the food tasted good, and I really wished our server was more friendly.笑
Looking for a decently priced, generous sized-portion, great tasting, authentic Greek food? Look no further, this is the place to be! One word, Moussaka. Their baklava and other little desserts are great too!

BTW, they're closed on Sundays.笑
The service is horrendous!  The new owner is so rude and doesn't have a clue about customer service.  The food is good but he changed the portion sizes.....get ready to get half a pida with ur full order of hummus!笑
Perfect place to go if you want to walk in, not be greeted, and stand around for 20 minutes while you wonder what is going on. This has happened to me twice her. The food is good but the service leaves a lot to be desired.笑
Food was delicious and fresh! The falafel was seasoned so well and cut in strips...side by side with a gyro, you wouldn't be able to tell the difference between them. I also ordered a side of Athenian fries, beats your average disco fries any day!笑
I love eating at this place because it's quick and delicious.  We order from the restaurant at least once a week for work.  Their gyros are so yummy and generous. I would suggest trying everything!笑
We wound up ordering take out from here -- the first time the food was fabulous! Everything arrived hot and perfectly packed!!!!   From the time of order, to it arriving in the hotel lobby was about 40 minutes.... not bad.  The gyros, like previous posts, was off the charts!  I love lemon avegolemono (I know I spelled that wrong) soup -- this was so lemony and silky!  My kids thought it was too tangy, but they still ate it.  The salad was also well done!   Amazing.

THe next night, we ordered from here again (we are in from out of town and my daughter had a temperature, so we spent our vacation in our hotel room).... this time, it took 95 minutes to get here.... the food arrived leaking and they were missing a soup... I didn't want to call back and wait for another 95 minutes, we ordered plenty and the soup was just part of a meal.... there was just salad dressing all over the place.  And the food was tepid at best.  The food was still great, but this put a real damper on everything.   This time we got shrimp skewers, and my son devoured them... he loved them and we also ordered the baklava.... it was ok... but the real star of the show are the gyros....and for me, the salad....笑
My favorite Greek place in town! love the food here, service is nice and is very clean. Definitely would recomend笑
This place is soooooo good, if you are looking for good mediterranean/Greek food, this is one good place! I had the beef/lamb fat gyro and it was better then I expected, it was amazing! 5star customer service and the price is very reasonable! I got the gyro, fries and drink for $11-$12!笑
Food was great and portions were big! Very filling and fresh tasting. Modest exterior with a Big Bang of flavor inside! :)笑
This is our only go to for Greek, have it one or twice a month.  Gyro's are top notch (Fav. is the Fat Greek) price is dead on and serving size is huge.  Meat is not greasy, but very tasty.. Nothing more to say, can't recommend it enough!笑
Love this place !! It is my favorite! Delicious Greek wraps!! My boyfriend ordered the skewers and they were on point..as well as the chicken & lemon soup! The Athenian fries are a must! Highly recommend it!笑
I was in the mood for a salad and looking at their menu I decided to go here. Nice place inside, very clean and decorated in blue and white. I ordered the Greek Salad with Gyro meat and no onions. I didn't get any of the olives either, bummer. My wife ordered a Pita with no onions and as she took a bite noticed onions. The service was decent, your average wait staff, pretty friendly笑
More proof that the best food in Vegas is always the most unassuming. I'm not a fan of the Strip for a number of reasons, one of which is the overpriced, overhyped, and underwhelming food. 

The Fat Greek sits in an unimpressive strip mall and could easily be overlooked. The interior is old school decor with sky blue paint adorning the walls. There's nothing fancy or trendy about this place, and I love it for that. 

Easily some of the best Greek food I've ever had. Kebab platter, falafel, hummus, everything was top notch. 

Service was average at best, but it didn't matter. Food at this price, at this quality having eaten at the Strip all week was priceless.笑
A small family owned mediterranean restaurant, serve huge portion sizes and cheap. the service was amazing and they close early out. so be around and do check them out.笑
I like to have a variety of different places to go to when it comes to a type of food. This is one of the three Greek places I like to get take-out from. 
I call in and normally, by the time I drive there I only have to wait ten minuets. Which isn't that long since we call in a bunch of food. Their food is fresh and has a delightful smell the whole way home. They have a different take on a dish that I like and it's great. 
The restaurant isn't in the best of areas but is in an ideal location.  Outside, where the city wreaks havoc, it isn't very clean and you can smell the stench of bums, but when you go inside its a different story. The restaurant is clean and shows the traditional colors you see in Greek atmosphere, blue and white. As you walk in the direction of the cash register you will notice a long mirror extending the whole left wall and tv's showing the news or a game. The place seemed like a very relaxing place and if I didn't work out late then I would enjoy sitting down and eating. Normally when I come there is a lady there who is really nice and treats us well. All in all it's a good place to eat and the way they conduct business with their customers is excellent. I'll enjoy meandering over here for years to come :) 

Keep up the good work you guys笑
Had a great lentil soup and a really nice-not-too-fancy-but-super-tasty-Greek-salad.
Loved it!
Prices are affordable too.笑
The food here= AMAZING! So good!! I went during lunch time. It wasn't too busy but it took forever for us to get our food. I ordered the fat Greek salad with chicken and my friend ordered the fat gyro. I wouldn't think it takes that long to make. 
We didn't get refills on our water either. 
3 stars goes to the delicious food!笑
Only giving 3 Stars due to the excessive wait time for my to go order and that the gyro's I ordered weren't in a full size pita. Instead the pita was two half slices. When I placed my order I as told it would be a 15 minute wait. I waited nearly 40 mins. While the food was delicious and my order was correctly executed, I'm not so sure I'd come here again.笑
First time and this place is Not good. 
Our server was pleasant, but messed up with our food order. Food was tasteless. Not going back ever.笑
Their food is some of the best Greek food I've had in Vegas!  Best Dolmas!  The gyro was great as well!  I came in and ordered take out and it was ready in less than 5 minutes!  Will def be back!!笑
This is my favorite spot to eat. Been coming here for months now. Food still GREAT! But service now is very slow & poor. Takes along time to order a drink & get a menu. They hired new help because I'm sure the owner realized they got busy but the new help is very slow.笑
My first time here and I will be back! I was craving mad Greek gyros but this was the closest gyro location with the best reviews. Far better than the mad Greek! It tastes so fresh and if you're like me and enjoy REAL food you'll love this place. Just look at the picture笑
Delicious hummus - they just need to include more pita bread with the appetizer hummus.  I got takeout, but the atmosphere looked cute.  The young guy working at the front counter was very friendly, and the service was quick.  Definitely recommend this as nice casual place off the strip.笑
Absolutely FANTASTIC!!! My wife would eat here every day if I'd go with her. Fresh, Fast, Super Friendly & CLEAN !!! This place is the best we've ever had greek food. The Gyro is awesome and only outdone by the Greek Salad with Gyro meat on top. The Pork chop is Amazing (and I NEVER order pork chops but a neighbor said to give it a try). Absolutely the best IF you can find a spot for lunch. Seems everybody knows about it now. Nest to the Smith's ... Go and you won't be disappointed.笑
This place is fresh and delicious! We came into this restaurant because we found it on Yelp and we're so glad we tried it! It's a heaping amount of food and the price wasn't too bad either, around $12.99 for a plate and enough to share for 2. They also give bread on the table too.

Decor is nice- full of blues and whites and the service is great!笑
Ate here during the Rockabilly weekend. The food and the service was awesome. We got the four combo of the cold appetizers and the combo plate for two.. Get the soup with the combo! That filled up 3 of us. I wished we had room for dessert. Our server, Peter if I remember correctly, was friendly more than helpful with suggestions for our party. His helper Joaquin was also very friendly and helpful.  It's in a nice strip mall away for the LV Strip. Check this place out for some terrific authentic food.笑
As soon as I entered this place today I realized that I had been there like three years ago and loved it. I had just forgotten where it was because I used to live in a different area, but now I am really glad that I found it back!!! Food is delicious!
My mom and I went there for dinner. They give you warm bread and pita bread with butter to start. Then we had the fat greek salad, which was healthy and tasty. Afterwards we shared the moussaka, which was really good, but be careful, portion size is gienormous!!!Even though we shared it, it was hard to finish it all and we were stuffed!
We didn't have room for dessert this time, but Im sure next time I will try some! Great food and great service and staff!!笑
Te place was simple and cute and tey had a glass case that held baklava and other yummy looking pastries.  We tried the falafel plate which came with a salad and hummus drizzle around the falafel which you can dip the pita bread it came with into.  We also ordered the chciken soup which was very lemony and fresh tasting for a chicken soup w rice.  Overall i will be back.   I want to try their dolmas and seafood dishes.笑
We decided to check out The Fat Greek about a month ago. We split the combination plate for two (moussaka, pasticcio, gyro, dolmades, roasted potatoes and tiropita). They were out of grape leaves so they substituted meat patties for the dolmades. We each got a Greek beer. I was impressed with their selection of Eastern European beers but not so impressed with the food. The food was fine but not particularly memorable...if I remember correctly.笑
The food is very good and so is the service. Another great family owned find in a city full of mega-trendy restaurants and blah chain restaurants. 

My favorites, though everything I have seen looks great, especially the lamb rack:
Chicken kebob
Steak kabob
Village Greek 

The desserts are phenomenal, do not pass them up!笑
SPOT ON FOR VEGAS!!! 
I'm from Chicago and NO ONE can beat the GYRO from the CHI!!!. Let's face it gyros in vegas SUCKS.... except.... wait for it..... AT THE FAT GREEK!  This is the closes thing i've eaten that resembles a GYRO.  The meat is shaved from the spit and has great flavor.  Ask for the traditional gyro not that fufu west coast crap with feta and lettuce.  Some of you may like that... sorry if i offended you... no im not! Excited to try more in the future... until then ... check it out... you might like it!!!笑
so DELISH!! literally everything is so yummy, i get the fat greek gyro, and Athenian fries, and i always get hummus and extra pita for an appetizer. You wont be disappointed, i love this place! Im so full!笑
I've been here twice, both times my boss and I saw co-workers, it's a favorite spot.  The service is great, friendly, the food is great, not a huge menu filled with endless options.  The Gyro is delicious, and hits the spot and then some.  The humus is tasty has a great consistency.笑
Delicious! Loved everything from the Greek wine, my souvlaki and my husband had a delicious pork chop.  Great food, great service!! Yum!!笑
I love the Fat Greek on Decatur.  The lamb chops are amazing as is the lemon rice soup.  This place is my comfort food go to.  The prices are very reasonable and Gina the owner is very nice.  The Chef prepares my lamb chops perfectly each and every time I order them.  No wonder that this is the place where the World Series of Poker players come to eat on their breaks.  The food is delicious and authentic.  Each order is prepared as it is ordered so that it is very fresh.  I will only go to The Fat Greek on Decatur for my Greek cravings.  I've tried the rest and The Fat Greek is the best.笑
This is one of our go-to restaurants in the area, the food is always good and fresh, the gyros are amazing but my new usual is the souvlaki, the chicken is moist and flavorful. I get it with the Greek rice which complements it really well. We come here at least once a week, the staff is nice and friendly. Love this place!笑
Great Atmosphere.  Not very busy.  Lovely wait staff!
The spanikopita was bland.  And I didn't like the baklava.  But the Fat Salad was amazing, the Egg bread beautiful and the Avgolemono Soup was sooo creamy and wonderful.  
I'll go back and try more!笑
I got the fat greek gyro. It was pretty good. The flavor of the meat was excellent and was cooked very well.笑
This is the best Greek restaurant in Las Vegas I've had so far. The location is only strange until you walk in the restaurant. The prices are great and the food is incredible. 

Pros: Grilled octopus - perfectly marinated with olive oil, lemon and parsley. 
Gyros plate - large portion of tender shaved gyro meat, pita, tomato, tzatziki 
sauce, fresh onions and side dish of fries.
Baba ganoush appetizer
Avgolemono soup - Chicken, lemon and rice
"Fat Greek Salad" - fresh lettuce, tomatoes, onions and the best feta cheese.

Cons: There is only one waiter and it can seem like he's ignoring you. He's just busy doing everything.笑
Delicious Moussaka and village greek salad luv this place hands down the best greek restro in lv better then mad greek!!!! Will definitely be back needed a change from asian food better then chinese food on a regular basis!!!! The owner is sweet and awesome the service is slow but the food is delicious so it is definitely worth the wait hidden gem in lv good for Mediterranean and greek food cravings the food here is cooked with love authethic for a first timer!笑
I had the pleasure of calling Las Vegas (among a few other cities) home in my pre-yelp days. Back then we tried Fat Greek at least once as we lived in the neighboring Chinatown, though I have no recollection of anything we ate there.

We found ourselves in Vegas again this week. When Fat Greek showed up on my yelp search with glowing reviews, I know we had to try it again. 

It was Tuesday at noon with record high temperature (for Vegas) and this place was packed. As I noticed only two servers were working the entire dinning room with at least half of the tables having no food on them, I was a bit worried about the wait and service but it's too hot to go outside again. 

We grabbed the last empty table, and one of the servers promptly provided us with the menus. I have always enjoyed the appetizer selections in Greek/Meditteranean cuisine, so I suggested to my companion that we order the appetizer combo (which offers four different cold appetizers of our choice), and he obliged (a rarity that is). It took the server a while to come back to us, but we could see how busy she was and how fast she was moving so we made no fuss about it. I asked her about some of the appetizers since no description was given on the menu and she was helpful. We decided to try the Tirokefteri (whipped feta cheese) based on her recommendation plus our old standby Hummus, Baba Ghanoush, Rice Dolmades. In addition, we ordered the Spanakopita. 

We got our food 15 minutes later and the 4 appetizers were neatly arranged on two oblong platters with plenty of warm pita wedges around. I first attacked the Dolmades but I was disappointed because the rice was too firm to my liking. To be fair, my companion had no problem with the rice texture and he gladly finished the other pieces on the plate, so I guess it must be personal preference. I also like the filling to be a mixture of rice and meat but they did specify these to be Rice Dolmades on the menu. Hummus was very smooth with a nice hint of Tahini though I would not mind more Tahini in it. Baba Ghanoush was solid, but the real winner was the cheese dish Tirokefteri. We will have to seek it out in our future visits to any Greek/Meditteranean restaurant. 

Most places just reheat their pre-made Spanakopita in a microwave when you order but their Spanakopita tasted like fresh out of oven. 

We enjoyed our food but I was more impressed by the kitchen staff (a small one it is from what I could tell) and the two young servers for keeping it calm during rush hour. I did ask her if they were short-handed that day and she said not really just everybody came in at one time. 

One of the great things about Yelp is to keep the memory alive. Now I can't blame on my early-onset Alzheimer's any more.笑
Wow :) food is great. Server is nice and his little son is cute :) Tiropita is so deliciousss.笑
I was hungry for Greek food, and thank goodness for Yelp or I would never have known about this place. Pleasant, soothing atmosphere. Best Tsaziki EVER!!! Nice big portion, took some home, just as good the next day- waitress said they add a drop of ouzo. Whatever- we LOVED it! Saganaki was a little disappointing- nice flavor, but it was not served flaming and the cheese needs to bubble or it's just not right. Greek salad, chicken skewers and moussaka were great. Service was kind of funny- 3 different people waited on us. All were friendly enough, but they didn't bring the salad (got it to go_, didn't refill drinks without frantic waving, and took forever wiht the check. This place is small, and it wasn't crowded- shouldn't have been so hard to get their attention- they were all standing a few feet away chatting. Regardless, we will be back!笑
Amazing-amazing gyros. We had the Philly and added meat to the Lavish Wrap. Both incredible. Nice outdoor seating area. Can't wait to go back.笑
I have to give this place a 5. I've eaten at tons of Greek places and this is my favorite by far. Hubby and I each ordered the Traditional Gyro and also got 3 kabobs, 1 chicken, 1 beef and 1 lamb, with a side of hummus and pita. The beef and lamb kabobs had such an amazing, strong flavor. They were the best I've ever had. They weren't dry either. Our gyros were good too and they don't skimp on the hummus when you order it! Definitely my new go to spot for Greek food in Vegas! Can't wait to go back and try the lemon soup and dolmas!笑
No wonder they call it The Fat Greek. Once you try anything you want everything!!!

The food was FANTASTIC as was the service. We even had a conversation with a man at a neighboring table that was fun. He was Greek and told us the food was very authentic. 

I highly recommend "The Fat Greek". We're making plans to go back and have the Lamb Shanks as they were out the day that we went.

One other thing, if you're a vegetarian, you'll find ample food for you.笑
Love this place.  It's got great authentic Greek food.  Best in Vegas.笑
There is not a whole lot of Vegetarian/Vegan restaurants that I know of that isn't too far from the strip but thanks to Yelp I was able to enjoy dinner with some buddies.

I had their Baba Ganoush and Falafel plater. I thought the food were remarkable. I wish the salad came in a little bigger portion, and besides the chick server and the boss in the back kitchen I find it hard to believe that this is 100% authentic..

Good service, good food, and reasonably priced nonetheless.笑
My husband and I tried this place out because it smelled great as we walked out of the grocery store. it was around lunch time and they were pretty busy 
The food was amazing!! Only down side is it took a while for our food to come but everything was really fresh and hot笑
This place is good for Greek food. Most Greek food places are overpriced and this place is not. 

About $12 for a Mousaka or Pastichio plate (both are kinda like a Greek lasagna). Different from my mom's, but still tasty.

The baklava was pretty good...they had like three varieties. 

I don't like the location, even tho it's close to my house. The Food4Less parking lot that they share is shady and you can't really see your car from the restaurant. That crossed my mind the last time I was there, and indeed someone tried breaking into my car whilst I was dining. Left me with some nice scratches on my driver-side door.笑
My favorite Greek restaurant in Vegas!  This is a locally owned business with extremely friendly staff and delicious food.  My favorite things to get are the lamb kabobs or the gyro place.  The lamb kabobs come with a delicious lemon sauce, veggies and rice.  Amazing!  Those two dishes also come with a side Greek salad.  A lot of food for a really good price.  Must try.  

This place is located in an older strip mall, so dont let the location fool you.笑
Yelp to the rescue, once again!!  This place is an AWESOME off-the-strip find.  High quality, delicious food for really reasonable (almost cheap) prices.  We went in the afternoon and it wasn't busy at all, so we had excellent service.  It's in a strip mall, but nicely decorated in the standard blue and white Greek style.  A huge menu, lots of options and you get sides with most of the dishes (a plus for me).  I had the flatbread sandwich with veggies, feta, and tzatziki, and my pal had the gyros and fries.  Everything was flavorful and delicious.  I wish we had a Greek place this cheap and good in LA!笑
Excellent flavors and some of the best greek food I've had in town. The octopus here is my favorite dish and I highly suggest any of the salads as well. Good location and pretty good staff makes it great. Lunch is super busy here FYI.笑
So worth the bus ride from the strip!  We discovered this place when searching for something "different" to try on our vacation.
The reviews left by others indicated we should try.
So glad we did.  We ended up going on a Sunday for dinner/supper.  
Since we did our research prior to going we knew they offered a gyro and fries.  But when we were given the menu it wasn't there.  Mentioned this to the waitress,which she said wasn't a problem and allowed us to order a lunch menu item for dinner.
The gyro was wonderful!  Fries too.  
Eventhouh we were already stuffed, we somehow managed to order the baklava.  It was equally as good.  I don't know what type of honey they have but I could drink it straight!
Everyone was so polite, accommodating and attentive.
When we visit Vegas again, we will be back. It's worth the 1200 mile trek.笑
I live pretty close to this establishment and come here often. Real friendly staff and the food is outstanding. I always bring my friends/family from out of town here for lunch. They love it. Prices are reasonable, desserts are amazing. OPA!!笑
When you are looking for great  Greek for Middle Eastern Food, this is the place.笑
This place has good food and bad customer service from my experience. I've returned a few times because I like their chicken kebab plate, but the time before last me and my date were kind of neglected- had to ask for silverware, napkins, asked twice for the same things and then we were kind of rushed out because it was near their closing, they took out glasses and plates and gave us paper and plastic so they could wash the dishes early... The next time I went there a guy behind the counter told me I couldn't eat there with my service dog (which had never been a problem before), then when I called later to complain to a manager because one wasn't available at the time, the manager/owner accused me of lying about the situation and said there was no reason for my call and hung up on me. I'm shocked by how bad their customer service is, I liked their food but won't go there ever again because of how poorly the staff and owner treated me.笑
Love this place! It's very close to my work and I eat here often. The food is always so fresh and tasty. Favorites include: greek salad, avgolemeno, suvlaki, shrimp skewer meal, lamb chops, and the pork chop. I highly recommend it!笑
Really liked Paymon's until we found The Fat Greek.  Everything was fresh.  Bread was incredible. Gyros was tender, wrapped in warm pita.  Terrific Greek salad.  Would have loved to try the desserts, but we ran out of time.  Bummer that they close so early.笑
i had a good time eating here for lunch... i had the beef souvlaki that was a 3.5.. the baby octopus tho? 5 easy.. they didnt have a full order, so they just hooked it up with whatever they had available.. i could easily do 2 orders...笑
Best Greek food ever! Be sure to have the lemon chicken soup.  We went here twice in the week we were in LV and enjoyed everything they fixed.  Fabulous food, good prices, big potions, and quiet enough to talk -- no crazy slots or crowds.  Great place!笑
So good! Can't wait to try the other dishes. The lule kabob was what I ate. The Greek salad was huge. Only thing I didn't like was the 25 mins wait for take out so I'm giving 4stars.笑
Excellent food and great quality ingredients!! Prices are affordable and it wasn't salty like a lot of places. 

We wanted to keep it healthy so we got the fat Greek salad plus gyro meat. So good!! We'd come here many times if we lived here. Check it out and leave a review! You won't be disappointed笑
Order from here often, Love the authenticity! They have one of the best Gyros in town!  I am so happy that they are available on Grub Hub for delivery!笑
LOVE THIS PLACE! The Fat Greek Gyro with chicken is my all time favorite. The spanakopita is really good and my husband highly recommends the chicken skewers. Delivery is always timely  (we've never visited in person, YET!) and always friendly. Food is always hot, fresh, and full of flavor. The pita is always warm and soft never hard nor stale. And we've never had a missing item in our order. We've ordered from here more than anywhere else since we move to Vegas in June.笑
This is a regular spot for me to meet my girlfriend Amy. I almost always get the Greek side salad with gyro meat added and peppercinis. The hummus is delicious and the staff is always really friendly. She gets the Falafel which is bonus for me because she only ate half of it.  Extra Falafel for me! 

The Ambiance is casual and they've got great local artwork on the walls. So it's colorful and fun. The staff is friendly and on top of things. The desserts looked good but I've never tried them. Definitely homemade.笑
My first time eating at a Greek Restaurant, I thought the food was good.  However, having my boyfriend saying it wasn't what he expected, I guess he was hoping the food to be more authentic.  He is from Greece so maybe more picky then the rest of us..  Thought to share in case any other Natives from Greece decide to give it a try would like to hear what you have to say.... :)笑
I'm fairly new to Greek food, and don't venture too far away from the gyros, but i was with my ex so she showed me the ropes.  I've been coming here before the expansion just for the gyros alone and they never ever disappoint.  Make it a combo with either pilaf rice or french fries and a drink for like 2-3bucks more.  

Just across the street is The Greek American Grille, but their fries and rice does not even compare to The Fat Greek. Not to mention TFG is more of a restaurant while GAG is more of fast food type.

I let my ex do all the ordering because I'm a man.. of my words lol

Chicken soulvaki.  Chicken skewers with a tzatziki sauce on side with a bed of pilaf rice.

Spanakopita spinach:  Nice flaky pastry filled spinach and a hint of butter or even cream. Definet Yes!

Babagounash:  Holy mother 'effer.  This eggplant dip was amazing and severed with warm pita bread.  

Greek burger:  Never in my life and of all place would I thought the burger here be this good.  It was my ex's meal and yet i ate most of it.  A little too much bread for my liking, but the light thin cheese sauce, tirokafteri, was out of this world. Chopped red onions, lettuce, tomato, and a side of slice dill pickle to top if off. Winner!

Every time I dine here or pick up I received friendly service.  The place is always clean because the white and blue really stood out.



The week before I came here with a friend and had the Combination Plate For Two which is a variation of dish to try: (description from their website because i'd still no clue which is which)
Moussaka - Casserole of Roasted Eggplants, Potatoes, and Ground Beef Baked with Greek Bechamel Sauce and Kefalotiri Cheese. Good stuff
Pasticcio - Traditional Greek Baked Pasta with Rich Meat Sauce and Greek Bechamel with Kefalotiri Cheese. Like a lasagna with a layer of cheese.
Gyro - Shaved lambs. Perfect as usual.
Dolmades - Grape Leaves Stuffed with Seasoned Ground Beef and Herbs.  Ehhh something about eating the grape leaves.  It's not bad, but i can do without.
Also come with roasted potatoes, pita breads, and soup or salad.

For 30bucks you can try different items, but if i had a chance to pick again i would have picked something else.  Its good, but right now carbs are my enemies.

Love this place!笑
The only reason I'm giving them 3 stars is because they are so darn expensive!!! 40 bucks for two gyros (that come with no fries or any salad even) and a Greek salad with gyro meat and what they consider to be a "side salad" which was a whole meal in itself. And let's not forget they charge 1$ for extra tzaziki sauce. The food itself was pretty good but for the cost, it wasn't anything special. I will probably never come back. There is better Greek food out there for a way better price!笑
My friend and I went here after being in China Town for a hair appointment. Man this place was great. I had the Fat Greek Gyro with chicken and my friend got the Shwerma with chicken. We also got the hummus with pita for an appetizer. All the food was delicious. All the portions were huge. By the time I was halfway with my gyro, I was already super stuffed. 

The place is really nice and set up and the staff is great with customer service. I would totally come back again. 

My only complaint is that the hummus with pita didn't come with too much pita but it came with a lot of hummus.笑
Waited over 30 minutes for a simple pasta salad and a gyro. Filled up on the complimentary bread which was the only good thing. Sad that the bread and butter was the highlight of my evening. Decided to get my order to go and once I got home the portions were just pretty sad..A child could easily eat that! Payed 30 dollars for a mediocre experience and food. Will not be coming back. Papa Cristos in LA all the way!!!!笑
Ok, for me to go to the same spot twice in one day tells you that I couldn't get the tasty thought of the Fat Greek out of my head since lunch, and had to have it for dinner. Tonight I ordered takeout, and I accept the thought that takeout js generally not as good as dining in, well, that is not the case at the Fat Greek. I ordered the pastichio with a side Greek salad and a rum raisin rice pudding. Every bite of the salad was delicious, the vegetables were crisp and ripe, the feta cheese soft and not too salty. The pastichio was unbelievable! The meat was so seasoned deliciously, and the red tomato sauce complimented it nicely. Finally, I had the rum raisin rice pudding and it made me smiiiile. So delicious. I'm so happy I didn't eat anywhere else today, this food def made my day. Wish they were open for breakfast lol.笑
Discovered this place a few years ago. Fell for the gyros instantly, over time, I've learned that the whole menu is great. I've been dozens of times and never been disappointed. Taken friends and family, it's always a hit.

Saganaki  & gyros are great for lunch, at dinner the combo plate is a great way to sample a variety, the lamb dishes are excellent, too. I'm also a fan of the lentil soup and pastries are treat if you are able to save room.笑
We've added a new favorite in Las Vegas!!!  We love Mediterranean food and Greek especially.  The kabobs were delicious as was everything else we order.  My leftovers of the Tabbouli Salad has stayed fresh even on it's third day.  We had wonderful service and Gina is such a delight.  The Falafal Plate comes with a side of a cucumber salad so be prepared and don't order too much (we did but we don't mind leftovers).  My bowl of Lentil soup was perfect and I can begin to say how much we loved the Tzatziki and the grilled vegetables on the side of the kabobs.  We will definitely be back!!!笑
I haven't had Greek food this good since I left New York! The moussaka, gyros, and lamb shank were amazing! We can't wait to try the rest of the menu :-)笑
I've been all over the Mediterranean including three Greek islands and this was the best Greek food I've ever had. You absolutely have to try it!笑
I'm not a fan of Greek food, but I've eaten lunch here twice and enjoyed it a ton both times. The traditional gyro and hummus is awesome.笑
Wow. My  best friend and partner-in-dining out, Ana, raved about eating here, and I thought to finally go out with her and give this place a try; I didn't expect much, but I did trust my friends' assessment--I am definitely glad I did! The restaurant is tucked away in an urban shopping center, without any special banner or advertisement. I almost didn't find it, driving past it. The interior is very average Greek-restaurant--light blue and white--colors of the Greek flag are decorated inside. I will say that the place was extremely clean and meticulous, which I appreciated. The food pleasantly surprised me. My Greek salad was very flavorful. Pita bread was average. Babaghanoush was as good as it gets. Chicken shawarma was slightly above average--but very fresh. Deserts were too die for--great prices, too! I had Napolean--huge portion for only $3. Incredible. 

I have some food allergies, and both, the waiter and the chef came out to discuss which foods had certain allergies etc. Very much appreciated!

Service was good, although it did take a little bit to get the check. Overall, very well above average experience. I will be back. No, I plan to come back within the next two months and I'll update my review then. 

Thank you, Ana, for introducing me to this authentic gem.笑
Very good place. Had a quick lunch. Easy to get to. Staff was friendly. Good was fresh hot and delicious. Affordable price. Can eat quick but not feel like fast food. Quality of food is great. Comes out fast but doesn't feel rushed.笑
Pay close attention to the low reviews that focus on service. This place has some of the worst customer service I've ever experienced.

 I was craving some Greek food and the normal spot I go to is closed on Sundays. I checked Yelp and was convinced to try this place by the number of good reviews. I stopped in and was immediately a little weary because they didn't have much business. There were 3 tables in the restaurant. I went to the register and asked for a menu to place a takeout order. I noticed that the cashier was also the only waiter. After almost a 10 minute wait,  the guy came back and took my order. I got the traditional gyro with beef/lamb and an order of Athenian fries. I paid for my order by debit card and took the table closest to the register. During the 35 minutes it took for me to get my food I noticed the few people walking in not being greeted,  not knowing whether or not to just sit or wait to be seated,  and waiting for anyone to speak to them for 10 + minutes. Meanwhile the one waiter was lounging at the front chatting with the busboy. 

 Any remotely competent server could've handled this small size group with ease. Finally I asked about my food. Turns out my food was sitting on their back counter. I asked how long it was sitting there and the waiter said he didn't know. I opened my bag before leaving and the food was cold. Not having another hour to invest in this place since I paled in the 30 minute parking I just took it and left. 

Don't come here if you're hungry, on any kind of schedule, or you want takeout. You will regret it. Soggy fries and dry gyro meat don't make me want to put up with this again.笑
If you love Greek food and want to know what it was like when the 1st man walked on the moon and bounced around without gravity, then I suggest you head to The Fat Greek.  Truthfully, I went there because it was the closest Greek restaurant to where I was staying with good reviews.  As others have said, it is super clean, and the service is great.  But, the food?  It is hands down, the best Greek food I've ever had.  I ordered humus and flat bread, the fried cheese - not sure what they call it because I'm not Green and cannot pronounce most of the menu items.  And I also had a Gyro plate with Greek Salad.  Eating each course, bite by bite, I felt as though the room filled with helium and I was floating off to somewhere over the Mediterranean Sea.  side note, I have tattoos all over my neck and head so I sometimes get treated like a criminal or at the very least skeptically.  But, the staff was polite and very on the ball.  When I was about to take my last sip of soda, the waitress appeared with a pitcher and refilled my glass.  She thought I ordered alot of food and would have left overs buy I did not.  I would have kept eating until I popped.笑
I tried their Gyro just couple of weeks ago...I had finished everything on my plate including the fries and had even ordered their huge slice of baklava....that baklava was soooo good!!!!!笑
A-M-A-Z-I-N-G!! I started with tabouli and it was really tasty. Just the right amount of lemon and fresh mint. For my main course I ordered the Athenian fries and the Fat Greek Gyro. I asked for my meat to be a little crispy and it was prepared perfectly. It was still moist on the inside of the strips and was seasoned well. The tzatziki sauce was authentic with a great flavor.The Fries were the highlight for everyone though. The garlic and feta combo is unbelievable. Miguel was an awesome waiter, and made sure our experience was great. If you're looking for Great Greek in Vegas this is definitely it!!笑
Authentic greek food. Very tasty small salad is huge one thing ask for peter was great food excellent!!  I think the small greek salad with choice of chicken or gyro for 3 bucks more is worth it, If you enjoy the feta greek cheese be sure to ask for extra it was a little light, would have enjoyed more........overall great place. two people with soda $19 great deal.笑
The food was great! I ordered the Fat Greek Gyro, delicious. The appetizer, Tiropita, was amazing. Whatever is on top of it is addicting. Even the ice tea was wonderful. Overall tasty and not too expensive. We got out of there, 3 people, for just under 50 bucks. With some beer, so pretty decent.

The service was kind of slow. Would try again, if it gets better I will post another review. 

I have been to better spots in the past, but this a pretty good gyro for sure. A repeat if I am in the mood for Greek.笑
First time eating Greek food and it was average overall experience.  It didn't leave a "wow" factor or wanting for me to come back anytime soon.

Some of the food was good, some is average so order with care. The service was good and food arrived in a timely manner and was well priced.笑
We ordered a bunch of stuff (soulvaki, spanikopita, etc) and ate family style. There was three of us eating and we spent about $50 before tip. The food was all fantastic, and the portions were very generous, we're just now finishing the leftovers a few days later. :)笑
Great find!  The service was very attentive and the moussaka was excellent.  The tzatziki is also quite tasty. Our server listed the beers by region, not by maker, which was strange.  But we had the Greek beer, which turned out to be Hilla.  Served in a cold glass.  It went well with the food.

We came here just before 9pm on Friday. The sign outside says they close at 9pm every night of the week, except Sunday which is 8pm.  But they seemed to stay open past 9pm, so I don't know.  The website and Yelp says 10pm on Saturdays and Sundays. I thought they were closed on Sundays before.  It's so confusing.

$10 minimum for credit card charges.笑
The lunch specials are decently priced for las vegas. You can get a gyro, a side, drink and soup for less than $20.00. 

The beef/lamb gyro was perfectly seasoned and layered with tzatziki. The side side was also fine.

The lemon drop soup, which I'm normally a huge fan of, was a miss. The soup was too dilated, and there lacked the lemon creamy punch that I've had at other restaurants, even with the extra effort to add in lemon juice with fresh lemons. 

Verdict: Stick to the main courses and you'll be fine.笑
I would really rate this place a 4 1/2, but you have to choose and it's hot and sweaty today, so I'm going with the cranky option.

 Speaking of cranky, one of my quarrels is that you never know what kind of mood the waiter will be in. Never actually rude, but sometimes pleasant and sometimes looking like he was wishin' he was someplace else. We all feel that way, buddy, but you are working for tips and you need to be kissin  butt the like the girls do.

 Having said that, I have mostly praise for the food. They have, hands down, the best tzaziki dip I've ever had. It's creamy, tangy, and enhanced with just a little kick of ouzo. Mmmm! (Maybe the fact that they were out today is what's pushing my cranky button. That and the fact that they could break loose with a little more pita to accompany it. Don't be cheap, especially with bread)! 

They also have actual Greek salad; by that I mean NO LETTUCE! Yes! They also have the option with lettuce, if you don't know any better, but today they served it without  the dressing. Not docking them because it wouldn't have hurt the wounded parties to just ask for some, but still!

 Gyros are tasty and filling, the chicken and rice is enough for two meals, and the fries, both regular and Athenian, are always hot, fresh and crispy. (As in burn your tongue). Baklava is stuffed with nuts and plenty to share, but don't try to get any of mine!

 My only real quarrel is the saganaki. This classic dish of flaming cheese needs to be flaming. What a disappointment to get a slab of it just breaded and fried. (OK, I know that sounds good, too, but you'll have to trust me on this.) Still, I highly recommend this place. Just put a torch to that cheese and I'll give you that other star.笑
Great lunch specials, fresh food, and awesome staff! Nice artwork and a couple tv's with different sports on, but not loud. I've tried a few items, but I always go back to the chicken gyro. Creature of habit ha! Get there! You won't be disappointed!笑
The Chicken Shawerma is the best! The sauce that they used to top it off tied in so well with the grilled chicken and vegetables. Full of flavor and yummy-ness. It's super filling and delicious. An absolute must try for you chicken lovers. I think I found my new favorite Greek restaurant in Vegas. Cheers!笑
I just love Greek food and the Fat Greek has my favorite item - the Gryo Plate.  Theirs come with a good amount of meat and we chose rice and salad.  Unlike another spot we have been too Fat Greek gives you a hearty amount of rice and salad each packed in their own container.  
    We also got sides of Gyro meat and the ever popular Athena Fries.  The fries were a delight and were devoured quickly.  The combination of spices and the two cheeses was so good.  The rice was very tasty and the salad was really good.  Fresh Romaine lettuce tomatoes, cucumbers and lots of feta.  
   I have eaten in and now taken out.  I think I prefer take out.  The dining room is basic and although clean has a tired look about it.  The lady who has taken our order isn't very friendly and lacks in her customer service skills.  I didn't take it personally and think it is just her demeanor.  
   So far Fat Greek is the best Greek place for Gyro's that i have found in Vegas.  In comparison to Sharma Plus you get near twice as much food for the same cost.  One thing that also stands out is the Tzatziki sauce is very good and plentiful.  A great price for a plentiful Gryo Plate.  I will definitely be back for my next Gyro fix!笑
super good food!!!great service and super great waiter Miguel was awesome!! will def come back and have some real good food!!笑
I'm not one to write reviews normally but I feel this is needed. 

I've been coming here since my dad and I ate here a few years ago. However, the last few times I've ordered food to go from here it's been disappointing. Normally it was always good. Yes I've always had to wait a little bit even when I called before I would pick it up. Now they tell me it's going to be ready in 10 min and every time we've ordered I've asked for them to not put the pepper things in our to go boxes because we don't eat them and they've put them in there. This last time they even put 2 when I reminded him I didn't want them and they could save them for someone else. We order just the gyro combos that come with fries and a drink and these past few times they just haven't tasted the same or as good as before. 

Not sure if they got new owners but it's unfortunate because we really did enjoy the food. We'll be looking for a new place to get Gyros from.笑
Nice welcoming place.   Somewhat limited menu and offering outdoor seating.
The mousaka was pretty good though not excellent since it seemed  over spiced but the portion was huge..  My friend had the chicken shishkabob and I tried it and was very tasty.
Also tried the saganaki (flaming cheese though they wont light it up) which was tasty but a bit too dry.  Overall, a good place for greek food.  Service was attentive and pleasant.笑
Lamb was excellent big portion and good price笑
Ordered from The Fat Greek from Eat24.  I was visiting some friends and we didn't feel like going out in the rain to get our food, so we ordered in.

Ordering was easy and I received a text almost immediately from them to let me know they were out of two items we ordered and would we like something else.  I adjusted our order by text and they said they would have it to us shortly.

They took FOREVER to get our food to us, over 1.5 hours.  They also must have been out of rice, since none of our dishes had rice.  They substituted it with veggies.  Not happy about that, but the quality of the food made up for any upset we had.

All four of us ate ALL our food and enjoyed every bite.  We ordered lamb rack, lamb wrap, beef kabob plate and sautéed shrimp.  The shrimp was devine, perfectly cooked and delicious.  All our meals were super tasty, the meat cooked properly and the veggies were very good too.

Definitely on our list of eat in places in Vegas from now on.  Everyone employee we spoke with including the driver was friendly and personable.笑
I just found this gem last week. I went twice in one week to enjoy the delicious food.
I tried the Avgolemono soup and the Greek salad with gyro meat.
Both were outstanding! The ice tea was fresh and tasted better than most teas I've had elsewhere. 
The service was excellent from start to finish.笑
The best Greek salad in town....PERIOD!
Friendly staff always clean and never too crowded. A great dining experience whether you take out or eat in.
Gina and Miguel make you feel right at home. They also have a great homemade chicken soup that's a real cold and flu killer!笑
I pass this restaurant everyday and my family and I finally decided to give it a try today for lunch.  

The Fat Greek Gyro is out of this world! I've had many a gyro, but the feta cheese on the top of the Fat Greek Gyro really sets this gyro apart from the rest.  If you are a feta fan, you also have to try the Athenian fries- melted feta on the top of crispy, delicious fries.  Oh, so very good! 

The Fat Greek is also an excellent value.  The portions are huge and the overall atmosphere of the place is great.

I think I will be hard pressed to find a gyro that is as good as the one I had here today!笑
Great place, great service
Love their souvlaki chicken and lentil soup is just excellent笑
I am trying to love this place but I have been disappointed more then once. I only do business where the food and service is consistent not unavailable like the lemon chicken soup today. Or many other times no vegetarian grape leaves just the beef ones and I don't do beef. I will just be giving my business to another Greek resterant competitor thought it maybe farther at least they always have what I want since I can only eat certain things. The Fat Greek is very clean I will give them that.笑
Best Greek in town. Their gyros have blown the heads off every other place in town. I wish this was available 24/7. I crave it every single day of my waking life. They are literally perfect in every single way. Took me 10 years to find the best gyro in Vegas.笑
Never crowded, attentive service, cheap wine, convenient location, excellent food. There's nothing more you need to know.

In my mind, whenever I think of what I want to eat and it's a greek salad, it's always THIS specific greek salad. Other greek salads can't even come close. This is great when I'm in Vegas from the end of May until the middle of July, and then really tragic for the rest of the year.笑
I admit that I am not very knowledgeable about Greek food, but The Fat Greek is one of my favorite restaurants in Vegas.   I mainly go there around lunch time (they have gyro specials that come with a drink and a side).  But since it is not close to my work, it can be come a time crunch if there are more than two people in the party.

My go-to is the Beef Shawerma.  It's Amazing.  The Fat Greek Gyro is also quite good, and the baklava for dessert is a MUST!

As I said above, sometimes the service can be a little slow, but the wait staff has always been very friendly.笑
I came here with my wife on the 4th of July. The food was pretty good. I wouldn't say its the best Mediterranean I've ever had. I would definitely come here again next time im in town. The service was great and they constantly checked up on us to see if we needed anything else.笑
Great food great employees! Their delivery company is top notch as well

Www.Onlinerestaurants.com笑
I went in this afternoon for lunch with my boyfriend and was really impressed with the food! He ordered the Fat Greek Gyro and I had the avgolemono soup. Both dishes were large helpings for how cheaply priced they were. The bowl of soup was huge and came with warm pita bread on the side. Both dishes were flavorful and refreshing! We will be back!笑
The Fat Greek is a terrific find if you have had your fill of The Strip food. Nestled in a strip mall, The Fat Greek is a great place to beat the summer heat with it's cool blue atmosphere and healthy eating options. The grilled chicken Fat Greek salad was delicious and filling. The prices are good for lunch. The waitstaff was friendly and helpful. We were not rushed after our meal was done. Overall a great experience and we will be back.笑
Came here tonight with my family, none of were impressed and my mom was quite put off with one of the waiters (the same one with whom I have had problems in the past).  She felt her food was average, minus the hummus, and much of our food was dried out and overcooked.  Service had an attitude or was just overall forgetful.  It just felt like an overall bad experience.  We talked to the table next to us and they were leaving a "$0" tip for the same waiter and said their service and food were also terrible.  We won't be returning.笑
The Fat Greek delivers. It's not a fancy restaurant. Fair prices. The food is good but not great. It is a good choice to eat Greek comfort food in Vegas. The bread is to die for. So is the chicken lemon soup. Cheapest wine bottle is $ 28.00. Will be back next year.笑
We are staying on the strip and are so tired of overpriced junk food. I looked up Greek food on yelp and found this place. I was only a short drive from the strip that was well worth it. I ordered food to go, I got a Greek salad with grilled chicken, a chicken gyro with fries, and a piece of baklava. The food was still hot and delicious after I got back to our hotel. The salad was so fresh and the chicken well seasoned. The chicken gyro had some of the most scrumptious feta I have ever had and it was topped with fresh tomatoes and lettuce. The baklava was out of this world! I definitely recommend this place to anyone staying near the strip who wants fresh and reasonably priced instead of bland and overpriced! The woman who helped me with my order was very courteous and the food was ready in less than 10 minutes. Eat here!笑
I was there last Sunday and ordered the braised lamb shank.  It was very small and had very little meat on it.  About 3 weeks earlier, I had the same, but it was a nice portion.  I don't mind spending $70-$80 for dinner for 2, but I want the entree to be a decent size. Very disappointed.  My partner had something else, but she didn't complain as her meal was fine.  Been coming to this restaurant for maybe 6 years and I finally had a poor meal.笑
It's a good try at greek with some Mediterranean favorites sprinkled in too. Saganaki is some of the best I've had. Hummus and melitzanosalata were above average. Worth a stop to check out笑
We were looking on Yelp and found this place which shows a 4 1/2 star rating and decided to give it anyway.  

First impression the place looks clean and since it was between lunch and dinner it was basically empty.  We were greeted right away and told to sit anywhere.   We were brought menus and offered drinks.  While we waited on the drinks we looked over the menu.  When the waiter returned we attempted to place our order but unfortunately several items on the menu they no longer had???  Why bring us a menu with all the items on it that you do not have?

It took several minutes to find some items they actually had and can serve.  If you are updating the menu, cross off the items you do not have instead of having customers pick items and have to be told sorry we no longer have that, this makes the experience so uninviting and hard to recommend to others.

Once the food arrived, the food was actually good but was different from other greek places.  We decided to order some food to go for our daughter which he brought in a bag and we never looked at it to make sure it was what we ordered.  Of course this was our mistake because once we got home it was not what we ordered or our daughter wanted.  She tried it and could not eat it so that was a waste of money.  

The entire experience was kind of stressful even though the staff is really trying and they are nice.  It just stinks when they miss the mark and cannot deliver when you are there and they cannot deliver on something you order to go.

I don't know if we will give this place another shot, I guess if I can confirm they have updated their menu and have all the food items listed in stock maybe we will give them another chance but for now, it is what it is and its not a place I desire to return to.笑
Probably the best greek salad in town BY FAR. I have yet to try other things but I'm sure they're great too. Love their greek salads with chicken mmm mm good.笑
Okay, so I have frequented at least 4 different Greek places in Vegas and have yet to find one I REALLY liked. I generally judge a Greek Restaurant on two things. First is their dolmades (stuffed grape leaves) and the second is their tzatziki (the cucumber yogurt sauce you usually get on gyros). This place delivered on both! 

I actually ended up ordering an appetizer sampler (as I don't eat meat, the appetizers are where the good stuff is). I ordered the dolmades, hummus, baba ghanoush, and tzatziki, which came with pita (although not enough pita to eat everything. I had to order more). For the most part everything was DELICIOUS!! The hummus did need a little more lemon juice for my taste, but that was an easy fix as they serve the platter with a wedge of lemon. The dolamdes were served cold, which I found I tend to like better. They had really good flavor and were a decent size. The baba ghanoush had a good smoky eggplant flavor and the tzatziki...OH, the tzatziki....it was so thick, creamy, and smooth (I mean, despite the fact that there were bits of cucumber in it - you know what I mean). GREAT flavor...a hint of dill, refreshing cucumber, a the distinct flavor of garlic (not overpowering, just a hint). It really is some of the best tzatziki I've had...even at "authentic" Greek places. 
My bf got a gyro platter and he thought it was really good as well. It came with a side of fries which were REALLY good. They were a thicker cut fry with a crispy outside and velvety soft center. I really didn't know potatoes could have such a light texture. They were also coated in a kind of seasoning, although not overpowering. It may just be the oil they fried them in. TIP: Dip the fries in the tzatziki....oh so, so good.

The only reason for the 4 stars instead of 5 is that they don't have a vegetarian platter. Yes, they have a falafel platter and a Spanakopita platter, but not a platter with the stuff I got on it. While I enjoyed the appetizer sampler, it was  ALOT of food (I shared and still had a lot of leftovers) and it cost $14.95 (the gyro platter was only $7.95 - is that me being cheap?). I would have much rather had smaller portions of each with maybe two falafel. It would have been perfect. 

But really...I will definitely go back to this place when I can...it's a bit of drive for me, but it's well worth it!笑
Its amazing!! The prices are good for all the food you get. Dolmades were really good just like this little place we would go to called grandma Irenes in Chania Crete.  Fat Greek salad, gyro plate, and Moussaka was Perfect although I could really taste the cinnamon in the mossaka it was still good.  Service was great!笑
This restaurant has AWESOME customer service. We came in an hour before closing time and yet they still served us an awesome meal. Our waitress was awesome and had awesome manners too. Their hummus is fantastic. I had their pasta with shrimp and their shrimp were perfect. Their Fat Greek Salad is awesome too. All their seafood is fresh, literally. The cook goes out and buys it fresh or still alive...
Awesome place overall.笑
Best quick Greek in Vegas? I'm a Greek/ gyro lover and I'd say so! I get the fat Greek gyro and a baklava for dinner. Best gyro and rice pilaf combo in the veg. Rice is perfect, prices are good, people are super nice, accommodating, friendly, and respectful. Makes me want to come back a lot. Get the baklava warmed up, it won't disappoint! Not cheap but not expensive, amazing!笑
Very excellent food . Great place to come down and enjoy a great lunch better than you're traditional burger, or half ass slapped on subway . Best gyros I've tasted in a while , top quality of chicken used in they're chicken salads as to many other dishes . Pastas are to die for . Over all great food, good service, clean place.笑
Wonderful  Mediterranean food! Fresh salad, beef and lamb are tasty and delicious.Great service! A restaurant to come back for more and the price is right!笑
I stumbled upon this place on my way to the airport.  What a pleasant suprise!

I got there around 11:00 am and there was only one table available.  Within minutes there was a line out the door.  I ordered something safe - gyro with french fries.  I was disappointed with myself when I saw the entrees and salads being served to the other table.  In a few minutes I received my order and I was impressed.  The meat was tender yet crispy on the outside, the pita was soft, the sause was exactly what it should be and the french fries were delicious.  

If I lived in Vegas I would eat here at least once a week.  Oh, and the prices are great!笑
I was very impressed how clean, pristine really, this place is.  Second I was impressed with the waitress - she was always smiling and very polite and helpful.  I was not impressed with the gyro meat.  It was sorta dry so I think it was shaved well before I arrived for my meal.  The greek salad was just average compared to others I've had.笑
What a delightful little place! 

I love Mediterranean food, and this is my go-to place for tasty Greek cuisine. It's tucked away in a corner of the Ricardo's/Food4Less strip mall on Flamingo & Decatur, and conveniently located a few blocks from my boyfriend's apartment. The inside is clean, bright, and has a charming blue and white Greek theme (go figure). The service is friendly and more than adequate.   After getting food here at least a dozen times, I can say that dine-in or take-out items are equally delicious.

I would rate the prices as being moderate, ( Apps run about $6-$11, Dinner entrées range from around $13-$20) but the quality food is well worth the extra few dollars you might save by going to a chain such as The Mad Greek (mediocre at best).

I particularly enjoy the gyros, but my favorite way to eat here is to bring a few friends and order a bunch of appetizers and sides to share. I regularly order the hummus, tzatziki, spanakopita, and a few side order chicken kebabs for a quick Greek feast. I also highly recommend the desserts. I'm not sure if they are house made, but they are delectable! (Try the galaktoboureko if they've got it - it's a scrumptious pairing of phyllo pastry and custard)

Overall, I love this place, and I think you will too. Stin Iyiamas!笑
I really liked how The Fat Greek was nicely decorated. 
I ordered take-out and the food was ready very quickly. He said 15 minutes but it felt like 5 minutes.  The restaurant wasn't busy which probably has a lot to do with the brief wait time.
Walking up to restaurant the first thing I see is a sleek motorcycle. This made me chuckle b/c my cousin in Greece posts a lot of pictures of motorcycles so seeing one made me think it might be a Greek thing.
In the restaurant there were a few people seated for full-service and then 2 couples waiting for take-out. 
The man who took my order was unenthusiastic. Efficient but slightly unfriendly.
I order The Fat Greek Gyro, beef and rice Dolmades, and baklava. I also wanted spanakopita but they were out.
During my 30-minute drive to home I ate the baklava.  It was good but could have been better with more nuts. I tried one of the dolmades and it lacked seasoning and "zest". I was worried that the gyro might be disappointing.
Fortunately, I was NOT disappointed by the gyro.  It tasted great even after 30 minutes of sitting in the car during my commute home. 
The Fat Greek pulled a lousy review "out of the fire" by providing an excellent gyro which was the one reason I went into the restaurant.笑
Came here to get some soup because I was sick. Their chicken lemon soup is to die for. The bread and zatziki sauce is a great starter for your meal.笑
Maybe it was due to the outside temp being 115 and probably 85 in the restaurant, but there was an odd smell as soon as I walked in the door.  

The decor was pleasing.  The service was very spotty.  Maybe the heat affected everyone there.  

The food was good and I'd have given 4 stars except for the accompanying odor.  The gyro meat was plentiful - a little too plentiful.  Sometimes more isn't better.  The falafel was incredible.  Best I've had in Las Vegas.笑
Satisfied wholeheartedly my craving for Greek food!笑
I really love the food here. I tried the beef/lamb gyro with the Athenian fries for lunch. Soo good! For dinner I tried the gryo plate (huge portions in my opinion) , the hummus (super silky smooth, best I've ever had), and grilled octopus. The atmosphere is very clean and friendly. Next thing going to try is some dessert!笑
This place is absolutely great. Me and my girlfriend have become regulars here because we love it. The place is never crowded or noisy so it's a great place to just enjoy each other's company. We aren't very adventurous, so I've only had the Gyro plate, but it's delicious. I usually get it with their lemon chicken soup which is great. The lemon flavor may be too strong for some, but it's perfect for me. I get French fries as my side on the plate, which are decent. The portion sizes are large so you shouldn't leave hungry!笑
The food here was very mediocre. The nice warm bread and butter they bring to you was good. We ordered the Gyro sandwich and it was ok. Not the best I've had. The spanakopita was not what we were expecting. It had cheese on top of the pastry crust which I believe caused it to burn a little leaving a very bitter taste. If it wasn't for that I think it would have been good because the filling was tasty. The chicken souvlaki and fries were good. Overall the food was ok but gave an extra star for the service. Our waiter was very nice and attentive.笑
The seafood pasta was fantastic!  My spouse had the gyro plate and he ate every bite!!!  So awesome!笑
Good food.
Good atmosphere (Doesn't feel fast foodie like those other two places in the northwest - If I gotta name them..you don't eat alot of greek food)
Good people.
Can't ask for more.
I recommend.笑
When our food was served, I caught myself getting excited and exclaiming, "WOW!"

I was off on a weekday, recovering from a turnaround trip to the East Coast. I wanted to a) not cook and b) still eat clean. Whenever this happens, my husband and I usually veer toward Mediterranean/Greek. Wanting to try new places, we headed toward The Fat Greek. 

It's located in a large plaza - Sammy's LA Pastrami and Ricardo's can be spotted along the perimeter. You have to drive in toward the Food 4 Less. Parking's a breeze since the lot is quite large. 

The interior is bright and clean. The lunch crowd was quite lively - busy enough for me to get excited about all the food gawking but open enough for us to be able to easily find a table. 

I ordered the full lunch Greek Salad with chicken; dressing on the side. Now, I realize that salad isn't the ideal thing to order since not much cooking is involved. However, salads and club sandwiches are foods that, when tired or lazy, I'm more than happy to pay to save my the trouble. 

My husband got the kefta kabob plate. That, with the salad, caught us both off guard. The food looked so so good. We were instantly impressed. Our excitement grew when we both tried the kabob and were hit with so much flavor. My husband considers it one of his top kefta kabobs. 

http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=5DFshFQlbQiQTvtzH7qwlA&select=lBzw7Sn3DvWQ64nN_FYRkQ

Anyway, I've had many a salad and any a Greek salad, but this was just so pretty and so right. The chicken was perfectly cooked and flavorful and everything about it screamed freshness. 

http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=5DFshFQlbQiQTvtzH7qwlA&select=2JEsQPLNZ7McIwMYl_LIgQ

Curious, my husband ordered a side of gyro. He expected a piece of two, but was amazed to find this much served for $3. And it was good. 

http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=5DFshFQlbQiQTvtzH7qwlA&select=TLNZyVbHehXFEPACADwGhg

Satisfied by our clean meal, we decided to indulge with Athenian fries. For $3 you get this pile of cheesy goodness piled high and fresh out of the oven. 

http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=5DFshFQlbQiQTvtzH7qwlA&select=Bp6bAPdDZTaWNIN5vlg6Mw

http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=5DFshFQlbQiQTvtzH7qwlA&select=HSstgqNFolScwsT7SlkIIQ

They're basically Greek fries with the extra step of adding toasty melty goodness with extra cheese and stint under the broiler. Which begs the question: what would Spartan fries look like?

I digress...

You'll find the restaurant isn't fancy, but it's obvious the ownership cares. The interior is clean. The food is done right - simply, well portioned, and presented cleanly. 

We spent around $30 with tax and tip and I had leftover chicken to take home. Without my husband's soda, the fries, and the gyro, it's a very reasonably priced healthy lunch that brought us back in the next day for dinner... more on that to come!笑
I think this may be the very best Greek food in Las Vegas! And best service! Please give it a try!笑
I came here last night on a whim after having not been here in almost a year and was a tad dissapointed. First the positives, my waiter was extremely nice and attentive when he was at my table, I ordered the fried calamari which was better than I remember, all of the food was extremely fresh. Now the negatives, it was fairly busy for a Friday night and there was only one waiter for everyone. The poor guy was running all over trying to keep up. The menu has changed and unfortunately they got rid of my favorite item, the shwarma. I attempted to order several things off of the menu and they appearantly were out, very dissapointing! This used to be my favorite Greek place but I guess I'm going to have to look again.笑
The service was surly. So, then the food. Just OK. Nothing special. The calamari was overly-breaded. It was all I could taste, even after drenching with lemon. The Gyro meat was sliced carelessly, leading to an inconsistent texture. It wasn't terrible, but this isn't a place where I would return for more. I ate and then felt dismayed at the fact that I had eaten sub-standard food.笑
We were looking for a mid afternoon "late lunch" we could pickup and bring home to eat with our own wine, and we struck gold with the Fat Greek. 

I had a rare and sudden craving for Greek food and but have no experience with nearby Greek restaurants.  Found them on yelp, looked at the solid 4 star rating and ordered by phone from their online menu without ever reading a review. I picked it up 15 minutes later.  I barely had to wait at all as the order was just being packed up as I arrived.

We got the small Fat Greek Salad.. (not small and very good) a order of Tabouli that was delicious, and split a skewer each of marinated chicken/beef Souvlaki, that was very tasty.  I order a Pita and Hummus side and then when picking the order up added in a Tiramisu desert.  The Tiramisu was a nice surprise! My wife who is European thought it was a bit too sweet, but I, being very American, thought it was perfect! :-)

We will definitely eat there in the future.  The restaurant itself, being mid-afternoon had nice window lighting and was bright and cheery in blues and whites and looked spotless.  They have an outside patio and are in the corner of the center, easy parking. The dessert selection (a weakness I admit) looked great, and we really enjoyed our afternoon meal at home with some great Greek food笑
I've been to The Fat Greek a few times and I am a fan. It's a great place for lunch.  The foods delicious and reasonably priced. Gyros and sandwiches during lunch went for about $8. And their usually accommodating for groups.

I've had the beef shawerma, the chicken shawerma, and some of the gyros. Everything I've had so far has been really good, seemed fresh and taste delicious. Nothing seemed greasy or over/lacked seasoning, well I'd probably throw hot sauce on it but I love hot sauce. Someone on the table had ordered these fries, I don't know what they were called but it wasn't your usually fries it looked so good, the entire plate was wiped out before I even could try them. I will need to find out what they were and have them next time.

I remember once it was so busy that they gave us a complementary pieces of baklava. Yum that baklava was so good. Layers of flakey yet moist goodness with nuts and honey. If you have a sweet tooth make a stop here just for the baklava.

The interior is kind of mom and pops like or old however you want to call it but there are a lot of seats available, except when it's very busy and there a wait. There's a larger TV hanging on the wall.

It's located in between an Indian/Pakistani restaurant and a Food4Less on Decatur and Flamingo, cause of it's location I sometimes forget it's even there.笑
This is it, look no more for great Greek food. The staff was very friendly and very helpful as I am not very familiar to Greek cuisine. My husband and I split the Combination Plate For Two which has enough food that it could have been a dinner for four. Great portion sizes and fair prices. This dish has a little bit of everything,  Moussaka, Pasticcio, Gyro, Dolmades, Roasted Potatoes and Tiropita and was a great way for us to try some Greek dishes. Amazing, I will definitely be back.笑
Food was probably 3.5 stars but customer service sucks. Also, as someone already stated, not many vegetarian options except falafel plate, lentil soup and salads. Would have liked more of a selection for vegetarian plates. 

Didn't like their charging policy and poor customer service. 
Just note they have a 20 % compulsory gratuity if you have a party of 11- even with separate checks. And, they charge you 1.00 for more sauce (when the falafel comes with the sauce and should have more i.e. they're skimping on the sauce.) normally, sauce is included in Greek places in a plastic squeeze bottle - especially at the prices they are charging for food and if the item you ordered should have come with sauce and more of it!!  I could understand if the food that I ordered didn't have the sauce as part of it.

I ordered the falafel plate and I specifically asked them not to make the falafels dry. I asked them to put more water/ not to use too much oil/ whatever could make the falafels more moist (hate dry falafels) but instead of thinking to offer me more tahini sauce, they skimp on it and on top of that, they charge me 1.00 for more sauce they should have included with the falafel plate in the first place!!  

When I got my falafel plate, there was barely any tahini sauce. I asked him for the same sauce as what was in the falafel and he gave me a white sauce (which I guess was thazini sauce.) he came out with the tahini (brown sauce) when I mentioned it was the sauce I didn't want. I wanted the same sauce that was in the falafel sandwich. He came out with the correct sauce. But, both times,  he never mentioned that the sauce was 1.00/ sauce when I didn't even want the first sauce he gave me. When I got the bill, I was obviously upset. Instead of trying to make it right, he said "the sauce charge was m in the menu" thereby justifying why he didn't have to tell me there was a charge when I ordered it.  I asked to speak to the manager and he said the manager wasn't there. Wasn't the least bit apologetic nor trying to rectify the problem but just left!!

I told him I would pay for one but not the one I didn't want. He finally conceded but not happily. Customer service sucks!!

I do like that they cut up the falafels into strips so the falafels don't seem as dry since they are not such hugh balls of dryness...笑
My wife is from Greece.   
This is the place.   
We come here once a week.    

The baked goods are authentic.   
The lamb is tender and perfect.   

The Gyros are perfect.   

Sooo happy.   Chk out my two tips on this place.    

I'm constantly doing beer and dish pairings and posting the good ones in the tips.笑
I'm torn with a review. The location is fine, and it's very bright inside. Kind of felt like I was on vacation and not at a business lunch. However, it's also kind of small. Our waiter was fantastic. He was friendly, attentive and even went along with a good humored prank. The wait for food took much too long. I don't know if they are understaffed in the kitchen or if everything is made from scratch each time. Either way, it shouldn't take an hour for food. And while the food was good, it wasn't the best Greek food I have had. I would probably go back but on a day when I could afford to spend time sitting around.笑
Food is great. Come here often for lunch. Went to lunch today and had a horrible experience. Ordered a Greek salad with chicken, beef/lamb gyro and a chicken sandwich with fries,to go. We waited 30 mins for our food and received the wrong order!!! Our total wait was 40 minutes and food wasn't even ready, cancelled our order. I brought this up to the owner/manager and didn't seem to care very much. Beyond disappointed!!笑
The food is fantastic, but the service is terrible. Restaurant is empty, but all of the tables remain un-bussed and the servers seem uninterested in serving guests. But again, the food is good.笑
NOTE: This comment and rating is based mostly on the service. I can't comment much on authentic taste as I'm not really into mideteranian food.

Came here tonight at 7pm coz a friend visiting town was craving for greek food.
Place was busy, there were only two servers who also runs the cashier and if I'm not mistaking there's two cooks. As ive said we came at 7pm on a saturday night, there's about 50 people dining in plus some who are waiting for take out.
Needless to say it took a good 40 minutes before our orders was served in full. My spouse's food was forgotten. Had to remind the server twice. They were nice and attentive though but because they were busy ad understaffed that they just couldn't fulfill.

Between spouse and I, we had the Greek Village salad with falafel, grilled chicken plate with rice pillaf and lemon chicken soup and fries with cheese on top.  Chicken was good, falafel was kinda dry, the rest was so so.笑
I dont think I am every going back again to this place. We walked in around 5:30 PM and the restaurant wasn't packed that much - they had may be 3-4 tables with customers. 

But still their service was horrible. We sat down and had to wait literally for about 15-20 mins for the waiter to drop by. Our food took about 30 mins+ to get delivered to our table. It seems like there is only 1 person waiting the tables - instead of waiting for the waiter to come, we decided to walk upto the counter and pay our check. But the owner told us that you have to wait for that 1 person who is also serving others. I couldn't believe it - as a owner, you should be able to do the job yourself and not rely on the hired help so much. Anyhow, we wasted our time and money for a less than mediocre experience.笑
I have never experienced this nadir of service in my entire life.

My lady and I stepped into this restaurant with high expectations after seeing the yelp rating and reviews. We stood there awkwardly for about a minute watching people eat and look in our direction before a waiter asked us to choose any seat. Slow considering we were the only ones standing and waiting to be seated, but not so bad.

We sat down at our seats deciding what to order. For 15 MINUTES. No one came over to take even our drink order. We may as well have been invisible. Right in front of us there was another couple who had arrived just before us and had already ordered and RECEIVED THEIR FOOD.

This is beyond poor service. "We were busy" is no excuse. I have been to much busier and hectic restaurants and received prompter attention. There was no one else waiting in line before or after us and everyone else was just eating or waiting for their food.

If you want to feel like a minority before the civil rights movement, feel free to drop in for a bite. You won't be disappointed. I "wasn't".

We drove 1 mile to Thai Style Noodle House and was eating our delicious Pad Thai and Papaya Salad in less than 10 minutes.

TLDR;-
Ambience - 0/5 (didn't get to experience much of it)
Food - 0/5 (no food ordered)
Service - 0/5 (easily my worst experience at any restaurant and I'm usually very understanding)
Overall - 0/5 (yelp doesn't allow zeros unfortunately)

We walked out after 15 minutes of waiting at our table and didn't look back.笑
If you want decent food but to be treated like trash, come to this place! I have tried to give these people chances multiple times because they are close to my office, but they can't get it together. Because the service is exceptionally slow during lunch my coworkers and I usually order for pick up. Apparently they can't handle that.  Here's a rundown of the many things they have done to earn this review: 1. They flipped out because we asked for two separate checks for a phone order and refused to accept split payments. I had to pay for a coworker's meal as a result. 2. They have messed up phone orders more than once; forgetting gyro meat on a gyro salad and a side order with a plate. They were not willing to refund the meals in either case, nor did they apologize. They actually argued that a mistake was made in the first place. 3. They have left me on hold and eventually hung up altogether when I've tried to place phone orders. Additionally the staff has poor attitudes and always seem unhappy to be there. As I said before, the food is fine (assuming your order is right) but they are clueless about running a business.笑
THE FAT GREEK - THE //Freaken.Addictive.Tasty// GREEK

As you walk in it seemed like a place where you order up front & then wait for your food... it is a sit down resteraunt. I was stupid & tried to order at the register my first time. 

The inside is petite but the tables are well spaced with enough room so you don't feel so stuffy. Like  most greek resteraunt the interior decor was all blue & trims of white with random white pillars placed all around. The location for this place is easy to miss but it is right next to Ralphs grocery store in the same plaza as boiling crab.

Staff was friendly & I had to see the most halarious judgemental facial expression our server gave us when he saw that we finished our food... it was a look of surprise & just dumfounded ahahaha Also the comment of the lady that dropped off our food was "O my you guys ordered too much food"  for some reason because it is more of a family owned & the reactions were sincere & cute in my opinion ahahha but also used to the expression since we get it a lot...

HUMMUS & PITA 5.75 - Enough citrus & enough garlic to actually taste it. I would have to say the BEST hummus I have tasted thus far. The pitas were also nice & hot although not enough... but you can get another side order for only a $1

FAT GREEK SALAD 7.95 - my mommy used to own a salad shop so there is a specific flavor profile I expect from the dressing for a greek salad & this place brought back my childhood memories! Also they give a great amount of feta cheese to go w/ every bite you take.

GRILLED CHICKEN BREAST 11.95 - a little too healthy for my taste buds but my fiance really appreciated since he likes to be healthy when it comes to choosing dishes. But still the chicken was tender & the pilaf rice was perfect. The dish also came with some fat fries which were soft on the inside & crispy outter.

CHICKEN FAT GREEK GYRO 7.95 - they don't lie when it says FAT gyro... i literally have to take out half of the cut grilled sliced chickens so that I could actually pick up the gyro & eat it instead of trying to fork & knife it. The rest of the chicken I add to the Greek salad =]

BEEF FAT GREEK GYRO 7.95 - juicy pieces of meat & no need to pull it out because the are more flat pieces... but absolutely flavorful and juicy... although I wasn't sure if it was a beef & lamb mix or not.

FRIES 2.00 - fat fries & boat bowls worth which is a lot for only $2

BAKLAVA 4.50 - it had enough crunch to every bite... but i also have never had bad baklava =]笑
This restaurant is pretty packed . It smells so good and I live the feta fries ( amenitas fries) so delicious ! Here today for lunch and I highly recommend coming here. The service is a little behind only I think it's becuz it's busy.笑
So good! The gyros are amazing and the Athena Fries are a must try! Reasonably priced, Clean, & Tasty! They do get busy for lunch but worth the wait if you have time.笑
Great place went with a group of 5 friends everyone got something different and tried each other's food. Everything was great. I loved the lamb and roasted veggies best, but the moussaka was bomb-tacular as well. 

They have a good selection of beers including some Greek beers.

I would highly recommend to anyone that likes great food and chill times.笑
Just as yummy as the others have attested. Located in the corner of a little plaza. Very unassuming and light and bright within. Service was great, food delicious and reasonably priced. Full bar is available, including retsina wine. Las Vegas is not a routine stop for me, but should I find myself passing thru here again (only passing), this will be my go to meal place笑
Just did a order to go, food is very fresh and very taste! The soup with lemon, chicken and rice is one of the best that I already had. Hummus was pretty good and the lamb/beef gyro also!笑
I went based off of other reviews. Unfortunately they were out of the moussaka and babaganoush, but he recommended the gyro sandwich and I chose the lamb and it was really tender and good. I had takeout, but the atmosphere of the restaurant was ok.笑
Casual fresh Greek food at its best. Very reasonable price and solid traditional Greek food. Open for lunch and dinner - a great place for a quick meal of the strip笑
Eating here now and the food is the best. Just visiting Vegas and have been here already twice. Everything on the menu is amazing.笑
wow. 

amazing service and food. 

i don't eat greek food often so the menu featured some items i wasnt familiar with. 

Our server explained multiple items for us and sold us on two appetizers.. which promptly arrived at the table within minutes. Delicious. 

i stuck close to my roots and ordererd the gyro plate.. it was damn good based on quantity of food and price.. 

this place is nestled into an older strip mall at flamingo and decatur next to the smith's.. I lived in the area for over a year before i noticed it. 

I'll be back.笑
I am in LOVE with their Greek salad ! If I could have it everyday I would !! If you ever go . Get the meal. Comes with the delicious Pita Bread and dressing which is to die for as well! Prices are reasonable. Definitely come with an empty stomach.笑
This is my first yelp review. We went to The Fat Greek, based on the yelp reviews, and were not disappointed. This is a small restaurant in a strip mall.  The food was very tasty and reasonably priced. Large portions served by a charming staff.  Bright and clean is the best way to describe the ambiance. This is the best Greek food I've eaten in Vegas.笑
We LOVE the food here!  We were here a couple years ago and found them on Yelp.  We gave it a try.  When looking for a place to go when in town tonight we searched them out.  The food and service was as good as we remembered.  There was a group of four behind us of cranky people looking to complain to obtain a discount but they are full of baloney.  One word--- yum!  We definitely made a note of this place for our next visit.  We had chicken kabob and gyro plate with Greek wine which they let us sample before we committed to purchase.  They were really busy so we had to drink water from odd glasses (too busy to keep up with dishwashing) -  small problem- tells me they have good food for a local place笑
Great food and service!! Radoslav was our server and was considerate, giving us plenty of time, without feeling rushed, to look over the menu. Once he took our order, it came out very quickly. We had the hummus and the fat gyro. Very tasty!!
Definitely recommend trying this place when you have a gyro craving!笑
I love this little gem!!  I haven't had many things on their menu, but I do LOVE what I've had so far . . . fat greek gyro, soulvaki pita, the chicken greek salad, tabbouli salad, and falafel.  Each time I think I'll try something else, but I always end up right back with my fave, the orginal fat gyro!! 

The GYRO with LAMB really satisfies, it is delish, the meat is perfectly flavored and in my three experiences, always prepared perfectly!!  The lunch combo comes with the gyro and a side (I had the greek salad, but you can also do rice, I think) and a drink all for just under $10.  Not bad.  It gets a little busy at lunch time, we always try to sneak in at 11:30 to avoid the rush -- just a little tip.  By 12:30 when we leave, it's full.  

Service is great -- very casual, but very helpful and kind.  They are quick with your order, refills and the check too!  

If you're in the area -- definitely stop in!!笑
I felt like having Mediterranean food for dinner in a casual atmosphere.  This place was a little nicer than casual but the service and food was wonderful.  We fell in love with grilled octopus in Greece.  The Fat Greek makes it differently than we found in Greece but it was still very delicious.  We also ordered spanakopita, Greek Salad and a lamb kebob plate.  Everything was really good.  We starting talking with the people at the next table.  They raved about their dinners especially the lamb chops and lamb shank.  I can't wait to return!笑
I had no clue what to expect from the athena fries...they were delicious!! Fries piled on with feta, mozzerella and I for get the other cheese plus spices. Different and tasty!! I had the Shawarma beef, it was delicious. My friend had the Shawarma lamb and for being lamb it was pretty tasty too. Lamb can be so tricky so we were both surprised.笑
The food here is so good... the best falafel I've had in Las Vegas (not too dense and not dry at all), and I highly recommend the tirokefteri (tangy and salty, yum) although really, I've tried lots of things off this menu and the worst thing I have to say is I've had spanokopitas I've liked more, but this one is good too. Anyway, prepare yourself for cheap prices, extra-large portions (aka leftovers), satisfying and tasty food, and great service.笑
Perfect. I got the fat Greek chicken gyro. I could eat it every day. The feta and tzatziki were amazing!  The fries were really great too. I wanted to go again the next day. The staff is great and friendly. Lots of actual Greek folks in here eating and chatting. My friend got the lamb souvlaki but wished he had asked for medium rare instead of medium. Some of the outer pieces were too done. The Greek salad was tasty, loved sopping up that olive oil dressing with the toasty warm pitas.

I want The Fat Greek to come to Phoenix!!笑
I love this place! The food is amazing. I have eaten almost everything on their menu and never been disappointed. I even got my boss (who is hesitant to try new things) to try it and now he is hooked. It is very reasonably priced and the service is always great. The place is really clean and has a nice bright environment because they always have the windows open. I recommend this place to everyone.笑
When we tired of restaurant eating and casino prices and wanted to spend the evening in our room, we ordered from The Fat Greek.  They arrived within the promised window and even followed my directions to bring our order to the Tower Suites reception at the Encore.  The food was yummy and the baklava was fantastic.  

With food like this, no wonder the greek is fat!  :)笑
I may not be Greek, but I have to say, this food seems pretty close to the real thing! The hummus was creamy and not overpowered by spices, you could really taste the olive oil. I don't even eat calamary, but my husband ordered it for appetizer so I tried it, wow it was crispy and tasty,  not chewy at all......I guess its true, depends how and who cooks it. The salad could have used more olives, but that's just me, the feta cheese in no way shape or form tasted like what you get at the store. We both had the gyro plate, wish I had known they offer big portions,  we could not finish it! The meat was very tender and flavorful. I can not comment on the baklava because we have not made it home yet so have not been able to take a bite. Cant wait! Definately will come back and try other dishes. The service, meh! Could have been better,  was never offered a refill on my drink, but considering they had two big families and the quality of the food we can't complaint笑
I really wanted to love this place. 
I came here straight from work with two friends for an early dinner at 6 pm. We chose to be seated outdoor as the weather was pleasant. Our servers quickly set up the table and took our drinks order. Good first impression certainly, but it was all downhill from then. 
I was disappointed that they were out of bean soup, the only vegetarian soup on their menu (lentil soup, other vegetarian-sounding soup was made in chicken broth). I tried spankopita, which was very different from the one I had at Paymon's, but it was good nonetheless. We ordered saganaki, fried cheese for the table, but it was very disappointing. It was rubbery and too salty. In salads, they do side portion only for Greek salad. So I had to order full plate of Athenian pasta salad. The pasta salad was good, and so were their breads. 
Among dishes my friends ordered, lamb shank was a winner. Keftedakia, not as much. They are famous for their ball shaped variety of cookies, but I guess we were out of luck that day. They only had walnut cookies and they were uninteresting and dry.

It seemed our servers had forgotten us after seating us outside. After waiting for 15 mins for the check, we literally had to wave at them for their attention. 
Being spoilt for choice with so many Greek and Mediterranean restaurants in Vegas, I don't think I will come here again.笑
Whenever we are in Vegas we always stop by here. There food is simple and fresh.  Their Avgolemono soup is lemony fresh! Hubby gets the gyro and I get the soup and a greek salad! Staff is friendly and efficient.笑
Don't know if the food is any good yet. Im too mad to eat yet for having to wait 30 minutes for my to go order while I watched 3 tables sit down, order and get their food before my to go order was ready. Then another to go patron was told 5 min, came back in 5 and stood another 10 to 15 min waiting. I Asked the waitress if they made the food for the dining in customers before the to go and she didnt have an answer. The pasticcio was very good. The gyro meat is standard. the grilled chicken was tender and flavorful. So the food was good but service was horrible. I guess if you eat in you will get your food faster.笑
A solid 4 stars and maybe a little more. The staff, definitely imported, need to work on their friendliness a little bit. They did their jobs well but seemed a bit on the stiff side and need to liven up just a bit for this environment.
Wifey had a big salad with chicken that she liked. It was a Greek salad with calamata olives, feta and a few other traditional ingredients. I had the traditional gyro, no lettuce!, and it was very good. The fries with melted feta on them are outstanding! We'll definitely be going back when we're in the neighborhood.笑
Good food at a reasonable price. A golden rule of a sustainable business.

The Fat Greek is a great Greek restaurant in my neighborhood.

- Gyro plate
- Lamb shish kebob

The lamb was tender and juicy, and the grilled vegetables came with aroma of charcoal.

Order comes with soup or salad, plus bread and butter in addition to pita. It's actually a lot of food at this point.

Also, they have the patio seating which is nice to chill out in the cool evening.笑
Had a craving for a gyro and decided to give this place a try. I ordered the Fat Greek gyro with lamb/beef meat and added the Greek salad and drink for only 1.99 more. When the food came out I was pleased with the portion size of the food, it was a lot of food. The gyro had a lot of flavor and the tzatziki sauce was good.
I would definitely come back to try some of the other foods they have to offer.笑
Best part:  authentic and delicious dishes you won't find at crappy Greek food chains!


The Place- ...will make you wonder if you're in the wrong place.  Run-down strip mall, corner-deli-style building.  But the FOOD will make you forget all about this. :)

The Service-  Authentic Greek!  Sweet.   Um... but... there was only one server, and once the lunch rush started we were kind of ignored.  He was very patient and explained all the foreign-sounding dishes to us, though.

The Food- Awww yeah.  Reasonably priced enough that I could justify ordering one of pretty much everything:  
--Tzatziki (yogurt + cucumber) was fresh and delicious
--Baba ganoush and hummus were also right on par
--Tirokefteri (new to me: creamy cheese spread with spice) was delicious!
--Saganaki- salty fried cheese, went well with the milder baba ganoush/ hummus...but *very salty on its own*
--The soups were good, but I'm meh about soups
--The lamb gyro was delicious!!  Gamey and cooked just right, with a great combo of flavors.. With all the soft fresh pitas we ate as appetizers, I didn't really have much of an appetite left (should've ordered the lamb souvlaki/skewers) but I ate the gyro afterwards, cold, and it was still FANTASTIC.  Take that how you will.


GO!  For a great meal in Vegas at a GREAT price, this is IT.笑
Our new "go to" Medi place. The service was great. My sig has a food allergy and the chef came out to discuss it with him. Everything was fresh, well prepared and high quality. Usually I find Greek food to be too greasy but not here. Highly recommend.笑
This is our favorite Greek restaurant in town. I have never had a bad experience here. The food is authentic and consistent, the staff is friendly, even when they are busy the service is always good.笑
Las Vegas Yelpers!!!

Thanks so much for the reviews! I recently moved to 702 and I wanted to see where I could find a yummy greek spot! After doing a quick search on yelp... The Fat Greek was on my hit list!

I'm a huge gyro fan and after eating at Papa Cristos in LA numerous times over the past 2 years... I was hoping to find a spot in Vegas that could fill my void of having Papa Cristos withdraws.

Came here on Valentine's Day for lunch with my friend visiting town from San Diego. We both ordered the Fat Greek gyro (lamb/beef)... be prepared to get messy! I had feta cheese and talziki sauce on my face the whole time! gyros are super messy! haha.

I'm a huge fan of their fat greek gyro!!! love the feta cheese :)) pita bread and lamb/beef were on point. Super huge... you can split it with someone if you're no that hungry!

I will be back when I'm craving for a gyro!

Indoor/outdoor seating (no wait). casual dining (love the classic bright blue and white theme). private parking lot (no problems with parking). Decent prices.

If you're a Vegas local or visiting... and hungry for greek... stop by The Fat Greek!

-Miss Yelp 2011笑
Best Greek food I have ever had! Amazing and great service.笑
Excellent greek redtaurant. Fantastic salad and beef souvlaki dinners. Fresh and good. Not crazy about their saganaki.笑
I was on Vacation in Las Vegas , when i found The Fat Greek.It is a small restaurant close  the streep. Very good food and very nice waiters. Large portions for reasonable prices.the deserts are delirious  also. I will back in January.笑
This a a full service casual restaurant that serves quality Greek food that is freshly made at a reasonable price. The food can take a while from kitchen to table, but that's because everything appears to be made from scratch. 

The gyros and pork chop are tasty and well prepared. Dinners come with greek salad or soup and plenty of warm pita bread. The humus could have been a bit thicker more savory, but everything else was on point.笑
I used to go to another Greek place right across the street but since they shut down I started to go here.  It's a good thing I discovered them because their food has great flavor and the price isn't too high.  Their gyros are fresh and they don't skimp on the food.  I normally get the chicken salad and it is tasty!笑
Had lunch here today. Was pleasantly surprised with the large portions. I ordered the Souklavi, Half Chicken and Half Beef, it came with a greek salad. The food was delicious and the service was great! Will definitely be coming back!笑
My wife and I tried this place for the first time on a Sunday night. The service was very good, but it took a long time for our food to come out. However, the staff was very attentive and refilled the pita and bread plates and made sure that our drinks were always full. The beef kebabs and Gyro were better than expected.笑
I have been craving Greek food for about a week now. Living in the sw, there aren't very many options. Finally I decided to make the drive to this location. It was hidden away in a strip mall, so you know the food had to be delicious. unfortunately I did not have the opportunity to try it. Walking into the brightly lit diner, there were 6 tables that were eating their food and a customer at the cash register. After a few minutes the man working asked if we were placing an order to go. When we told him we were dining in, he said we could sit anywhere. And sit we did. For about 20 minutes. He appeared to be the only employee working so we cut him some slack. He was running food and finally gave the woman in line her order. Once he was done he disappeared. He walked by our table about 10 times and we never received a menu, so unfortunately I'll never know what goodness I missed. If this place is too busy to pay attention to customers, I can go elsewhere.笑
I'm an out of towner visiting Las Vegas for business, and decided to try the Fat Greek for a change. Located off Flamingo near the strip the Fat Greek is close enough to sneak away for lunch. Everything was amazingly flavorful and fresh. I will be back on my next trip to Sin City.笑
If you are tired of overpriced food on the strip, this is definitely the restaurant to come to.  It's a 5 minute taxi ride from the strip.  And you can stop by Food 4 Less next door and stock up on snacks and drinks.  The restaurant itself is very clean and has a nice ambiance.  The food is excellent and very reasonably priced. I've been there twice.  The first time I had the greek salad with grilled chicken and the second time I had the gyro plate, which is a ton of food.  All of it great.  Definitely recommend this restaurant for a chance of pace from Strip food.笑
Came in here for lunch. This is my first time eating Greek food and it was great food. The flavors were new to me but somehow excellent. I wish their portions were larger cause I eat a lot.笑
Hmm never I would thought that I can find really good Greek food in Las Vegas, but this place really it's a nice surprise, instead of inject ourselves a steady stream of empty calories at all the same buffet line, thus place is inexpensive, fresh and tasty

Gyro was really fresh and right amount of seasoning like a well rehearsed band, every element of the ingredient had its purpose and brings all of the taste together... Party in your mouth... 

The side salad with feta cheese... The feta is so good, smooth with just the right amount of sharp and saltyness, it's creamy yet light... With really fresh olive oil and vinegar, never thought I would enjoy side salad add much as I would enjoy the main dish

Falafel was really really fresh, you can taste all the peas grinded into it and not crushed.  It is formed into a perfect serving size and fried just right, accompanied with greens and overall again the perfect balance

Definitely would come back and visit every time I'm in Vegas

The only reason I have it a for instead of five is due to wait time, servers are knowledgeable, friendly and attentive.  The kitchen had lost my ticket, and my server explained what had happened and offered that kitchen is putting my orders in priority笑
Such a good deal! They give you so much food for what u pay. Big plates. The staff is nice. Their food is well-seasoned. The salad that comes with the entrees is huge for a side.笑
I came in during lunch and ordered from the Gryos/Sandwich section:

__Chicken Shawerma, $7.50: 
the grilled chicken was tender and juicy. I just wished that there was more hummas and  Tahini Sauce to taste. Overall, it was good/pleasant.

__ Fat Greek Gyros (w/ beef/lamb), $7.79: 
I honestly felt that the meat was too seasoned, that it became slightly salty for my palette. The crumbled feta cheese on top sure did not help-- together with the meat, it brought out an overly salty taste to the gryos. 

*Note: Add $1.99 for Choice of Rice, Fries, or Greek Salad and 24 oz. Fountain Drink

Although I gave this place only 3 stars, I will be back again. I definitely want to try out the other items on the menu, especially since this place is listed at the top (of the search engine) for Greek cuisine on Yelp.笑
Yay YELP! Came here based on other reviews, and had a great meal, well, meals!

Way better than your average Greek place. Had a delicious gyro for lunch. The fries were amazing also. Liked it so much I went back for diner the following night.

Had the Gyro salad, with a side of falafels, and an appetizer of, I forget the name, but it was fried cheese, VERY good. The falafels were not dry, came with an delicious sauce and went well with the salad but would be great by itself too. Lots of people order salads there it seems, and their olive oil was extremely good.

Met the owner, who was very nice. He truly is a fat Greek :)  He's happy and takes pride in his restaurant.

I highly recommend The Fat Greek for lunch or diner!笑
I've eaten in the restaurant and I have delivery numerous times. Best gyros I've found outside of Greece. Soft, warm pita, tasty meat, tangy tzatziki. Even delivery is solid, so I recommend that if you can't get to the restaurant.笑
Great place to pick up a delicious Greek gyro to go, which is usually what I do. Whenever I dine in I sit outside. The inside  dining area is pretty cramped and can get loud sometimes. Since its summer in sunny Las Vegas my only option is take out lol. But it's definitely worth it. They have beyond generous portions and exceptional  staff.笑
Looks like you are in a Greek palace from the inside and out. Food is top notch. I come here often for the gyros, but they have a wide selection of meals and desserts. Highly recommend!笑
Wanted something different for dinner last night.  Read some good things about their food so drop in for some take out.  The restaurant was bright and clean.  There were two occupied tables and a small group of people standing close to the tables.  There was a gentleman standing in front of the counter waiting to be helped.  There was a worker behind the counter talking on the phone, and another worker standing next to him.
I was not acknowledge by anybody in the restaurant, matter of fact, the person on the phone turned his back to us and continued to talk on the phone.  The other worker walk out from behind the counter and walked over to the occupied tables and had a conversation there, then returned to the counter, still no acknowledgement of our presence.
After waiting 5 minutes, I walked out.
I am sure their food is delicious since the reviews were good.  Unfortunately, I will never know.笑
I've only dined here twice but I can tell this is a solid place to eat!  The dining area is big with some cozy seating by the windows or the large patio outside!! Very relaxing here and they serve beer!!  The first time I came here the lady was very knowledgable and helpful with explaining the menu!!  The big fat gyros soft pita bread is stuffed full of meat, veggies and all the rest!!  My Greek salad was simple but the veggies tasted fresh and were beautifully green in color!!  They give you plenty of feta as well!!  Im an iced tea critic and this place has some of the best tea I've ever tasted!!  The deserts in the case looked amazing and were baked fresh I will have to try next time because I just got one scoop of pistachio gelato which our server gave to us free of charge!!笑
I really hate to give this place 3 stars considering the fellow yelpers have given this place high ratings. I feel bad giving such a low score for such an amazing staff. First, the staff is great and everyone is smiling and happy. The lady that works there explains anything you have questions to. Super friendly. I can't emphasize how friendly everyone is!! OK, now for the food. My bf got the lamb souvlaki and I got the gyro with Athenian fries. Let's start with the lamb souvlaki. The lamb was good, but not great. It didn't have as much flavor or that pow factor in my mouth. It lacked seasoning, considering I just ate at another Greek competitors. However, the tzatziki sauce was awesome, which I think saved the protein portion of the meal. Without it, it would had been disappointing. The gyro, was good, once again, not great. My bf says the meat is better than the other Greek places, but ehh, I gotta disagree. So, to each there own right? I was excited to try the Athenian  fries. When they came out, the cheese was cold and a bit stale. I expect something along of cheesy fries where the cheese was warm and gooey and melts. I don't think I'll be getting that at all. I should have stuck to regular fries. Maybe that's how they are suppose to be, and I didn't know. We went daring and decided to get the yogurt drink too. Lol, uhhh, she warned us that it was sour and salty. I would like to describe this yogurt drink as followed: sour as if the milk is bad, then add salt to it, and top it off with some unsweetened yogurt. Blend all ingredients. Was it good? Not at all, but I kept drinking it in hopes that it would taste better. It kind of did after awhile, then my brain told me NEIN!! And then, went back to tasting like sour old diapers. The taste for me, was way too exotic for my taste buds. So, overall? Food isn't as great, but honestly, it would have tasted great for the state fair standards.笑
Great hidden gem in a strip mall tucked into a corner.  From the outside it looked a little random...but the lunch and dinner menu are full of great Greek favorites.  

We ordered from the lunch menu for dinner and upgraded to a combo.  I got the salad he got the rice.  We both enjoyed the souvlaki and the shwarma.

The family platter looked and smelled amazing.  Next time we are in town, we are coming back hungry!笑
Mmm best gyros for your money love at first bite ! Super friendly staff took 3 min to get my gyro rice and extra meat 15 bucks well spent.笑
Ordered delivery and got a frozen Tiramisu that I thawed in the microwave  and my fries yea those where missing smh...  Gyro was good tho.笑
After eating lunch buffet, my husband and I were not too hungry, but would like to try something different than buffet food.  This is not your fast food joint.  It's more for the experience.  They give you some bread and pita on the house.  We got the kabob plate, one beef and one chicken ($13.99), Both are moist and tasty.  Come with soup or greek salad.  I had lentil soup, it's not spicy enough and too much tomatoes for me.  We also ordered a side of Tabboula salad ($4.50) which is fresh and good portion.  I also like the grilled veggie on the side.  Not too much rice.  Total is less than $20.  Definitely, we'll come back again to try their gyro plate and the other stuff.笑
Great little restaurant that took me right back home. We had their gyros, bear and delicious desert. Server was very friendly and helpful. Food tasted just as it would if you were eating it in Greece. They had greek beer as well as Croatian beer which made me extremely happy. All of the deserts are made in the restaurant and looked amazing, we had Bogacha with vanilla custard and it was to die for. I definitely recommend this little cute place to everybody who loves good food.笑
I ordered two big gyros  from this place and let me tell you these were the best tasting gyros I have ever had. The food was delivered to my hotel room within 30 to 40 minutes. The food was absolutely delicious , the next time I go back to Las Vegas I will definitely order from them again.笑
The fat Greek gyro is the best! If you come for lunch you can make it into a combo for a bit more to get a drink and a side with it. We love the gyro with a side of Athenian fries or Greek salad with it! It's a really huge sandwich but doesn't feel so heavy. It's packed with meat and veggies so it's nice and refreshing. The pita bread is soo soft! My husband has tried the Greek burger and it was good as well, reminded us of a chorizo burger lol my sister tried the beef kabob platter and the meat was delicious and tender. The service has been nice every time we've come here. They're very polite and friendly. We have yet to try the desserts because the entrees are so big we never have enough room!笑
I quite liked this place. I ordered take out so I can't say anything about their table service. I came here and got a greek salad with gyro meat on top, which was suggested by the woman who took my order. I was originally going to order a Gyro Plate, but she realized I wanted more salad, so she said I should just do the salad with extra meat, which was a great recommendation. The lettuce on the salad was so nice! Very crispy and delicious. The meat also was really flavorful and satisfying. The salad came with Tatziki and Pita, which were both also delicious. The bread was grilled, but soft and really good!

The woman at the counter was friendly, helpful with suggestions, and just nice overall. I came when it wasn't at all crowded on a Saturday night and I think if I was in Vegas again, craving Middle Eastern food, I would come back here because it seemed pretty high quality and decently priced since it's farther away from the Strip. I also tried the baklava and it was pretty good, but I usually like the pastry to be a bit lighter, but it was still pretty tasty.笑
I'm updating to improve my review to 4 stars.  They've expanded the restaurant and improved the service.  Food is still great.  Best Greek food I've had in a long time.

Good food, especially the gyros.  Greek salad was made with great olive oil and the flavor really improves the dish, especially compared to the vinagrette they put on at most Greek restaurants.笑
Got the braised lamb shank with orzo, absolutely fabilous! Will definitely be ordering again.笑
My husband and I ordered the Gyro platter!! Absolutely delicious!! We are from the east coast and wanted to try the restaurant based on the reviews. The food was fresh and quickly served. The warm bread is the best! I will return before we leave.

Day 2 - Just as good as Day 1. Great food!!笑
If you're looking to get away from over-priced, tourist fusion food on the strip, there are several great places not all that far away.  The Fat Greek is one of them, a delightful and unassuming Greek restaurant conveniently hidden in a strip mall next to a Smith's grocery store.  The inside is airy and inviting, the staff was attentive during my two visits here, and the Greek food is as good as you'll find in the Las Vegas area.

Nothing fancy, just straightforward Greek classics and moderate prices.  If you're somewhat new to Greek food, try the sampler plate for two.  It has all of the best dishes and comes with soup or a giant Greek dinner salad.  The appetizers are solid as well, especially their felafel and tzatziki - as good as I have had in Greece, whether in the islands, in Athens, or in the northern region like Kastraki.  I saw other reviews saying that the food was average, while also stating it was the reviewer's first time eating Greek food.  If you're looking for powerful flavors that BLOW you away, then Mediterranean food is not for you - stop bashing a cuisine because you're used to over salted and over spiced meals.  The classic Gyro plate is solid, the meat a great blend of lamb and beef with just enough spice.

It may be hard to truly screw up most Greek dishes, but this place delivers an especially good Greek meal from a value perspective as their prices are very reasonable.  This is my new go to Greek place when I am sentenced to Vegas on business.  If you like Greek food, you won't go wrong here.笑
My review is based on the bad customer service I walked in restaurant 39mins before closing for take out. A male waiter sat down two plates of food to a customer while telling me they were closed. Didn't offer a reason why or apologize. Very rude. I discovered market grille cafe they have very delicious Greek food.笑
Just ate  here the food was delicious, service and ambience great I couldn't be more pleased笑
Man, what is wrong with y'all that reviewed this place.   We ordered a greek salad with falafel; gyro sandwich; and spankopita.   1 the greek salad with falafel: consisted of iceberg lettuce 4 olives spoiled cucumbers and 3 soggy tomato pieces.   The falafel was iced cold, greasy upon appearance and dry.  Came with a piece of cold pita.  Cant toast it?? 2.  the gyro sandwich:  Not my thing.  My husband ate it but he eats everything. 3. spankopita: greasy, weird taste, cold.  
NEVER AGAIN.  They should pay me to come back. And it was expensive for what we got.笑
Amazing food. Really bad location. Save up some money and get a better location. I don't wana feel like I might get shot or stabbed after this meal笑
I was very excited to try out Greek food, for I have never had it before. So I went here to expect Greek food. But I did not get any service!! I waited for at least 15 minutes and there were still no drinks on my table whatsoever...I was so disappointed, worst first time, ever. Don't think I will ever go to this location again.笑
Simply put, I do not eat here enough. I should make it a point to eat here at least every other week because they are that GOOD.

They are always busy but the food is always fresh and delicious. 

I have loved almost everything I have tried here except the falafel. Otherwise, I would have given them 5 stars but their falafel is a little on the dry side for me.

The Gyro's are always amazing. Filled with just enough meat to veggies ratio and the perfect tzatziki sauce.

The kabobs are always on point and have yet to disappoint me yet. Never dry or overcooked. Perfectly moist and the most delicious tantalizing bites I can put in my mouth.

The hummus and babagoonoosh are always a huge hit for me too.

I love this place.

The prices are very accommodating and I love that I can call ahead to pick up my order.笑
Everything Was Absolutely Perfect! Our server, Radoslav, was polite, informative, and funny. The food was phenomenal, and the atmosphere was relaxing and comfortable.笑
An excellent family run restaurant tucked away in a somewhat forlorn shopping center. The employees are always very attentive and food is outstanding. The avgolemono and Fat Greek Gyro are very good. The Tzatziki is perfect, the vegetables are always fresh, and the meat very flavorful. I definitely look forward to exploring the menu more.笑
WoW! 
I've been a #1 fan of Greek food years, and when I crave it in Vegas, this is where I end up... First couple of times I was amazed @ the fresh taste, but couldn't understand the wait.. I peeked in the kitchen to see them chopping the parsley for my tabouli..."Could they be making it fresh evertime?" You bet'cha! and the prices are very reasonable, staff is amazing. 
Don't miss it!! 
Jason笑
The food, service, and ambiance is absolutely amazing! The food is always so fresh and delicious. Servers are pleasant and attentive. Food comes out quickly. I LOVE it here. I highly recommend this place to everyone.笑
I love Greek food and have been to a couple of places in vegas. I read a few good reviews of this place so we decided to check it out. What a surprise!! The food was perfect. Nothing fancy or pompous, just good food done perfectly. The spanakopita appetizer was great but the octopus hooked me immediately. Couldn't have been better. We shared the family style grilled platter and everything on it was great. The meats were perfect, and the potatoes...unbelievably good. And service was great. Just perfect. I can't wait to go back again and again.笑
I love The Fat Greek. A lot of places in Las Vegas will deliver a gyro to your door, but in my experience they're disappointing and often filled with identical ovals of funky lamb-spam.

Not here though. The lamb is legit, the beef is tender, and the tomatoes are fresh and sweet. Flavor-wise this place is awesome, the price is decent, and the service is good.

They will on occasion forget an item in your order. It happens to everyone, right? They won't give you trouble about it or make you jump through hoops. Just let them know and they'll fix it pretty damn quick. Half an hour after calling in a mistake, they had sent me a new order, plus a free dessert (with a little smiley face inside the carton which kinda made my day)

The third-party delivery company they use is fast, friendly, and helpful when something isn't right.

I recommend a gyro (lamb & beef), with souvlaki and Athenian fries on the side. Dolmades and spanikopita too if you're hungry. It's all delicious.笑
Well the reviews are not wrong its a very long wait time WHY?It first took 10 minutes to order my drink I only got water and the wait staff are rude and mean I had to beg her to even get me  water then I had to wait another 10 minutes to order no kidding. I was really hungry so I just dealt with it So when I order my food I told her no sauce im allergic to It I made sure she heard me.Another ten minutes go by still no food I only got one gyro and another 15 minutes goes by nothing the waitress did not even check up on me.I notice the cooks where working real slow in the kitchen a lot of people  wore waiting for food too I asked to speak to the manager he actually blame me he said I should know its busy and the food will come when its comes.I was very upset then the food did arrived the manger said see there is your food what are you complaining about.So when I look at it they put the sauce on it really after waiting all this time I could not eat it I tried to get the waitress but she refuse to come to the table.I had to get up to the front and that is where the manger was,he said what is your problem now.I was in disbelieve I told him I was allergic to the sauce he said I was lying well i only had water and ate no food so i walk out As you know part of running a business is not only about the food it is having a good staff and cooks that do their job well because if you know you get that busy and there other reviews about the wait time being to long you would try to fix that problem not make it worse笑
FIrst things first....I loved the blue and white decor--very Greek! And the service was excellent. I ordered the Spanakopita(and learned how to pronounce it!), a flaky pastry filled with spinach and feta cheese, and the Tiropita, a flaky pastry filled with creamy cheese. I can say only that they were good, but not great. (Having just experienced the Las Vegas Greek Food Festival, I couldn't help comparing and I liked the Spanakopita and Tiropita I had there better). I also ordered the Babaganoush. It, also, was good, but not great. There was that slightly bitter aftertaste that I often detect in Babaganoush. So, while I would give this restaurant 5 stars for it's charming decor and attentive servers, the food earns only 3 stars from me. However, the decor may lure me back to try their Pasticcio(Greek lasagna). And THAT will either make it or break it!笑
This place is amazing tastes amazing and great customer service. 

Usually don't give 5 stars unless their food is really good and customer service is on point!笑
Excellent Greek food. Just like my mother used to ring home from the Greek restaurant. Lots of flavors without assaulting your palat. 
Staff were friendly and helpful with the menu. 

Experience something new today.笑
mMm their chicken schwarma is the best I've ever had. Huge portion and good service. Make sure to get some athenian fries with your order!笑
My new favorite spot... been looking for a while... and will definitely be a regular here.... service a little off but food totally makes up for it...笑
Excellent service and excellent food. Ordered moussaka and gyros, and some avgolomeno soup. The soup was homemade and full of flavor. The gyros plate was loaded and the moussaka was very satisfying.

This place is definitely a gem in Vegas, and I wish there was a similar place closer to home. Most Greek places are very cookie-cutter or very upscale. This is a nice family-friendly place with real food. Definitely will come back for dine-in or take-out in the future when in Vegas.笑
So. This is the next best thing to my mommy's home cooking [which is currently 500+mi away :(]. Souflaki (lamb shish kabob) was soooo good! They cooked it exactly how I asked. The fries that come with it would super good for some reason...pretty sure fries aren't a Greek specialty haha. Tiropitas (cheese pies) were pretty good. Nothing to write home about, but I'm too lazy to cook I'll definitely pop in here for a couple orders! Service was good. Casual dining but good food and reasonable prices.笑
In town on a business trip and stranded in my hotel room, I decided to order delivery for dinner. I got saganaki, a gyro, and the baklava. I haven't had saganaki in so long, and while this was not what I'm used to (the breading(?) threw me for a loop) it still satisfied my craving! The gyro was  perfecto. The baklava had a weird texture (but I'm also weird when it comes to texture) but it was sweet and fun to eat. 10/10 would order again笑
Maybe lunch time is the best time to go to the Fat Greek because we loved it.

There was one young girl working the floor but we were never left without drinks or condiments.

I had the falafel sandwich and my bf had a traditional gyro. We both could not get over how good our food was that day. I spent some time in Greece and he is a NY'er. 

Like I said, maybe lunch is the time to go or maybe we just got lucky. Either way, our food was worth the trip.笑
My CO workers & I love their Greek salads & fried calamari, we constantly order them for lunch. Fair prices and great customer service.笑
I debating waiting to post a review for The Fat Greek, mostly because I have only gotten take out orders and service typically factors heavily into how I rate a business. 
(and I have heard from friends that service here isn't the greatest when eating in... ) 

After a handful of visits, which I was helped by the same sweet lady each time, I feel comfortable giving The Fat Greek 4 stars. The Fat Greek is in the shopping plaza on Flamingo and Decatur, near the grocery store. I have been to that plaza dozens of times before I noticed The Fat Greek, it's a bit hidden where it's located. 

A quick rundown of what I had had:

The Fat Gyro - So fat, it was multiple meals. They do not skimp on the meat, and the veggies are super fresh. 

The Fat Salad -With chicken added (at an extra cost) this was also a huge portion that I was unable to finish in one sitting.

Souvlaki - Chicken, lamb or beef kabobs served with rice or fries. The beef, cooked medium rare, are delicious. 

The hummus and pita bread here are solid choices, not the best in town in my opinion but close! 

For takeout, I highly recommend calling your order in.笑
Great place! I had spanikopita, fat Greek salad an a side of hummus-yummy! Waiter was very nice!笑
More like big fat zero! Customer service absolutely sucks!!!. What a shame because the food is good but they couldn't get our takeout orders right twice. First order, get home with a salad but no dressing. Second time ordered hummus. Get home and no pita bread! I called and spoke to a woman who was barely apologetic. I said I thought after two mistakes and also having to drive all the way back to get the bread they should give us a meal on the house. She agreed and would take my husbands name down. Tonight I call for the so called free order and was given third degree questioning like I was lying. Still no apology by the way. Then he tried to bargain by only giving me a portion of the order free. Just lost a regular! Check your take out orders people! Guess they have enough customers not to care about one.笑
Love it! My favorite thing is whenever I'm in a bind for a potluck, I run over to these guys and grab two or three of their gyro salads. They're always a huge hit! Their homemade hummus is TO DIE FOR, and their steaks and lamb chops are always seasoned/cooked to perfection. It can be either very reasonable, or a little pricey, depending on what you order, but always worth it. The atmosphere is great... I've never been to Greece, but I totally felt like I was transported.笑
I have been here twice in my first week in Vegas. Says something, right. Quality food at a reasonable price. I think their Caesar salad is one of the best, and I usually complain about Caesar salads. Grilled chicken is fresh and cooked with great spices. The croutons on the Caesar are pan fried pita! Awesome, unique and most importantly, tasty. The Greek salad and hummus are very solid, as well.笑
Excellent food, excellent service, cheerful atmosphere, and great prices. They offer a number of traditional Greek dishes that are rarely found in Greek restaurants in the US. Everything is fresh, well prepared, and nicely presented. I had the meat-stuffed grape leaves in lemon sauce. Delicious! And obviously freshly prepared, not frozen. It came with a large, crisp, fresh salad. (One has a choice of soup or salad with all the entrées.) My companion had the "village salad", which is a traditional Greek salad as they are served in Greece, (meaning without lettuce) with grilled chicken on the side. It was huge, fresh, well seasoned, & dressed with real olive oil. The meal came with a nice basket of warm crusty bread and sliced pita pockets, with a generous slab of fresh butter on the side. We both had their Armenian coffee, which is excellent. Sugar and milk not required! (But it comes with both, should you want them.) We had walnut cookies for desert, crisp and buttery. The service is excellent, friendly and attentive. When I forgot my jacket, the waiter found me in the supermarket next door to return it! All this, and a soda was only $33! The only thing missing from the menu would be an authentic Greek frappé, but this is a minor detail. The decor is cheery and bright, and everything is very clean. This restaurant is well worth the short drive off the Vegas strip. Highly recommended, especially for anyone who is homesick for authentic Greek cooking!!!笑
This place has really good food ! 
We came in at night on a Thursday night and it was pretty quiet and empty. But the reviews on yelp were good, so we thought we'd try it out. 

We ordered the chicken and beef kabob that came with rice and roasted veggies. 
We also got the lemon and chicken soup (there's another name for it) which was really good. It wasn't too creamy and salty. 
The house salad was really fresh, crunchy & delicious.

Overall, the food was super good and the service was on point. Lol笑
Food takes awhile to come out and service was slow for my dine in experience but everything was great. Loved the falafel lunch dish!!笑
This place was delicious. After a few days of eating heavily and costly on the strip my sister and I were looking for a tasty alternative. A mere 10 minutes drive got us to one of our tastiest meals in Vegas. The avgolemono soup was just the right amount of salt and tart and the Fat Greek gyro was fresh, meat well cooked, and right amount of perfect tzatziki. We made our sandwiches a combo and were treated to a lovely crisp greek salad with impeccably fresh veggies, salty feta, and a deliciously lemony dressing.

All and all it set us back $12 a person and we couldn't have been happier. Definitely make it a stop on your next trip.笑
Authentic, really good Greek restaurant!  I had the Spanikopita appetizer for my entree and the side Greek salad.  They were both really large and more than a meal.  My only wish is some sort of veggie combo, i.e. one piece spanikopita, one tiropita, salad.
Two things that are a disservice to the great food:  One is so-so service, the other is location.  It's in a crappy strip mall and out of the way.笑
I order from here for lunch very often using food delivery services. I think the food is worth paying the delivery price. I usually get a Lamb/Beef Gyro with a side of Baba Ganoush and extra Pita, all of which are awesome. That Gyro is FAT. It will fill you up and I'm happy to say that the ratio of Tzatziki, Feta, and Veggies perfect for me. I don't find anything lacking.

So I ask myself, if the food is this good being delivered by a 3rd party what does it taste like fresh. I recently stopped in on my day off to answer that question. The food i so much better when you eat in and I am more inclined to order other things on the menu aside from something I think will carry well.

I had the Shrimp Santorini which is like a Mediterranean style Capellini with a Pomodoro Sauce tossed with ten Shrimp. It was great and enough for 2-3 people.

Also got to try the Fat Gyro made fresh and it made a huge difference.  I was really good delivered but excellent fresh which was expected.

Add some Hummus and extra Pita and my tummy was happy. 

I will continue to order from here but will stop by whenever I get a chance.笑
When you seat me and my four friends ten minutes before your closing time, you deserve five stars.  When your food is delicious, and there's plenty of it, you deserve five stars.  When you're genial and join in our laughter even after we're the only ones in the restaurant, and we're the only things keeping you from going home, you deserve five stars.

After a long drive to Vegas and checking in our bags at our hotel, we drove over to The Fat Greek.  It was already about 8:50pm when we got there, but they welcomed us in as if the place had just opened up for the day.  

Our waitress was super friendly and suggested we get the four-appetizer combo when we couldn't decide which appetizer to get.  Along with the combo, we also got the calamari.  The babaganoush and the hummus were my favorites of the cold appetizers, and the calamari was light and crispy.  Not to mention, our waitress kept bringing us fresh oven-warm pita like a Mexican restaurant brings your a never-ending bowl of tortilla chips.

My pork chops were fantastic--a huge serving of pork chops that were juicy and flavorful.  And I loved the lemon roasted potatoes that came with the chops.

I will definitely go back to this place when I go back to Vegas.笑
been to the fat greek several times, most recently for din din tonite with the gf.

ordered the usual starters - hummus and stuffed grape leaves - enjoyed both.  
gf went with the standard gyro, i tried the lamb shanks with orzo.  total price with drinks $35.  unfortunately, due to time constraints, after the apps and the soup that came with my dinner, we had to take the rest to go.  btw - the soup, a chicken and rice with dill and a little citrus-y tang was delicious !

after dropping the gf off at work, made it home for the shanks - 2 huge chunks of lamb and a big 'ol pile of orzo.  the lamb meat - tender and plenty of meat on dem bones !!  only prob - didn't  have anything to scoop out the gold in them thar shanks - actually used a toothpick !

surprised to see a little italian cafe next to FAt Greek - one more place to try !

happy eating !笑
I love this local Greek restaurant! It's so hard to find good local places in Las Vegas that when you do you really have to support the ones you love. They make a great gyro plate here, and although it's a little more pricey they offer generous portions. The desserts are delicious as well, and they have great service. I would definitely recommend this place to anyone looking to try something new!笑
This is my families go-to place for Greek food! It always has great service, friendly staff, clean environment, and amazing food. I always order the hummus, saganki, and Greek grilled chicken salad. The portions are large and they serve pita and other bread as an appetizer. Strongly recommend this place!笑
Very accommodating for a party of 28! And the food was delicious...big portions and the price is right!笑
I've tried a few greek places in town but nothing ever bowled me over. It was always "good" but nothing I bit into and just couldn't stop! Today I forgot my lunch at work and ran out to find something. On a whim I saw a sign that said Greek Food and a Gyro sounded good. After a minute or so looking through the strip mall, I found The Fat Greek and walked inside. 

It's what you can expect from a Mom and Pop place, clean but very minimal and a little kitch. I grabbed a menu when a very friendly woman with what I'm guessing is a Greek accent asked me if I wanted to eat there or togo. I ordered the Beef/Lamb Fat Greek Gyro togo with fries. This was a slight upgrade from the regular Gyro as it had Feta and a few other things.

The food came out super fast and hot. I hopped back in my car and headed back to the office. When I picked up the gyro I noticed it was HUGE and the fries were delicious. One bite of that big wrap and I couldn't stop. If someone had walked by they would have thought I hadn't eaten for weeks. The meat was juicy and flavorful. The sauce was to die for and the pita was soft and warm.

I may have only had the Gyro and Fries but I'm definitely going to be a repeat customer and will be trying out their hummus and other selections.笑
This place was packed with a wait at lunch time - definitely a great sign! Service was friendly and prices were decent. 

Gyro Supreme - $6.75 or so (add $1.75 for drink + fries/rice). Great gyro meat, soft warm pita bread and tons of feta and tzatziki sauce! I've actually never had a gyro with feta cheese - but it was a welcome addition !笑
This place is really good the food is amazing and the staff for the most part is very nice but I will say there is one female cashier that's a royal bitch she has so much attitude.  I would love to give this place five stars but until they find some competent nice help it's going to happen.笑
This might be my new favorite place. I've been craving a big salad all day. On a whim we ordered from this place for pick up. 
First the people who work there couldn't be nicer. We went in and there was a mix up on our order, not a problem they fixed it and we're super apologetic about it. 
My hubby ordered the beef shawerma combo. Its was perfect. Soft fluffy pita, tender beef. Fresh, fresh, fresh! Fries super crispy.
I had the Fat Greek Salad. It was big. It was good....I WANT another...lol 
I added chicken to it for an additonal charge of 3 bucks. I would happily pay that all day. The chicken is seasoned amazingly and charbroiled. I've never had a salad that didn't need some kind of dressing. This one does not. Between the red onions, feta and that chicken this salad packs a flavorful punch. I can't believe we waited so long to try this place. Will definitely be repeat customers.笑
I'm sad to be leaving this review.  My family and I have eaten here for a decade and loved it.  The last two times in the restaurant, we were completely ignored, food took an hour to come out even though we saw delivery bag after delivery bag leaving the kitchen.  When the  food came it was served by a grumpy waiter and it was cold.  I figured we'd move to ordering delivery since that seems to be their focus.  The food was good but, unfortunately, this time left all of us running for the bathroom the rest of the afternoon.  When I called the third party delivery service to warn them, I was treated like I was trying to get a freebie when I was just genuinely concerned for their customers.  Evidently when three customers only complain it's our issue, not theirs.  

The message was "I spoke to the owner, you're the only ones who complained, and he's not going to take anything off your bill so we can't refund you either."    I expressed the fact that I wasn't looking for a refund but was concerned for their clientele.  

Sad that customer service has gone out the window, at least there are other great greek options in town.笑
Great place.  Good, solid Greek food. I had the chicken gyro. It was tasty, although I would have liked the chicken to have a bit more flavor. We also had the Athenian Fries; very good!! Everything was fresh, and great service!  Will return! Don't miss this one.笑
Great place, reasonably priced the food was really good everything was fresh and the restaurant was spotless.笑
The most delicious Greek food I e ever eaten! They let me order a side of hummus one skewer and a side of rice. $7.50! The quality of meat is impeccable, the hummus is delicious and so is the pita bread! I love this place! My new favorite!!!笑
I have had dinner here a handful of times and the food is been very good. Service from the same waitress/hostess (She does both) has been good, but not today. As my brother was ordering food, I could see that the waitress was getting agitated by my brother's questions. 
Once he was done ordering, my wife and I ordered a Greek salad and a Gyro.
When the order came out, the Greek salad came out as the fat Greek salad, not the village Greek salad.
When I waived the waitress over, she Was agitated that a mistake it been made. She said I ordered a Greek salad, but there are two Greek salads, a fat Greek salad and a village Greek salad. 
While she'd knowledged that was true, she nastily said I should have specified. That's true, I guess I should've specified, but shouldn't she have also clarified, she is the waitress with more knowledge about the menu than I.
I guess she was just having a bad day.
This place usually deserves four stars, but not today.
I'll check it out again in a month and see how it goes.笑
Googled, 'Best Gyro In Town.' The Fat Greek popped up in Yelp. Google, you have done me well. I applaud you sir, as well as Yelp and this Mediterranean heaven of a kitchen. 5/5 stars, although they need to add Hummmus Schwarma to their menu! Their hummus to my knowledge wasn't home-made or anything special, which was disappointing and didn't match the great quality of my gyro. But because the gyro was so good, I'd definitely return here. A+笑
I write this review with a heavy heart. This used to be one of my favorite restaurants in town. There's a lady that used to run the register, she was extremely nice and attentive. She hasn't been there the last few times I went in. Instead, there's a couple of guys who give really bad attitude, to the point that it's insulting. I've spent a lot of money at this place over the last 3 years or so, and to be treated so poorly by these guys is pretty mind boggling. The food is still great, but spending money to be treated like shit by a couple of slimy weasels isn't really my thing. Sorry you doofuses hate your jobs, but have a little pride in what you do, or find something else. 

Hey management: Get rid of these guys and bring back the lady that used to work there! I hope she's ok!

EDIT: I've heard that the lady is back. Going to give the Fat Greek another try!笑
Excellent Greek food at fair prices. The service is friendly and the food is out of this world. Try the Gyro platter, you'll thank me later. It's probably enough food to feed three people. I get over there whenever I can and eat outside when the weather is reasonable. I only wish they were open on Sunday!笑
We were in Vegas for a convention.  Yelped good Greek and came up with the Fat 
Greek.  We decided to go there for dinner.  The outside did not look too welcoming but we went in anyway.  We are glad we did.  
There were 5 of us including children.  We were hungry so we started with the hummus.  Delicious.  Could always have more pita.  
3 of us ordered the Gyros plate.  We should have only ordered 2 because there was so much food!!!!  
The avlogmeno (?) soup was Real, not chicken condensed soup with shredded chicken, rice and lemon.  This was the Real Thing and it was delicious!  
The salads that came with the plates were huge and very good.  The homemade dressing was not overly spiced with oregano like some places make.  It had multi lettuce, tomato, cucumbers, and feta.  It was really good.  
My husband, being very hungry when we ordered, ordered the Pork Chop.  OMG!!  It was, by far, the most delicious pork chop we have ever eaten.  Perfectly spiced and cooked to perfection.  The potatoes and vegetables that came with it were just as good.  
They do need to employ more help.  Our waiter was practically running the whole time, so management, listen up!  Hire a buser.笑
We eat a lot of Greek food in Brazil, and I have to admit that before eating at big Fat Greek, I thought that greek food was better in Brazil.  However, now I believe that big Fat Greek is the best greek restaurant in the world! My fiancé and I go there a lot and we share a lemon soup, tabuli salad and a Kafta.

You can't go wrong, but be aware that since this place had cheap and amazing food, they do get pretty busy during lunch time, so make sure you get there early and you should be fine :)

GREEK FOOD IS GOOD STUFF THERE!!!!!!笑
This place was delicious. They use real meat. Not the steakum crap. Rice was lemony good and the ice tea was fresh tasting too. Def will be back!笑
I've been coming here since 2009. Nothing can beat this Greek food in town. This coming from a person who has been to Greece and who has many (married into) Greek relatives. My favorite is the Avgolemono soup, tiropita, and pasticcio. Their rice is excellent and the chicken pitas are great too! I haven't eaten anything I don't like here. Thumbs up!笑
This place is fantastic!!!  We wanted a good restaurant off the Strip, and found The Fat Greek on Yelp.  It did not disappoint.  We ordered the family meal for four ($55), and it was enough food to feed our party of 6 adults and 2 kids.  The salad was delicious, as were the roasted tomatoes and peppers, but the skewers were amazing.  The lamb and chicken skewers were so good you want to keep eating long after you're full.  The steak was marinated perfectly and was very tender.  The only bad thing is that we live in California, and can't visit this wonderful place more often!笑
Located right outside the strip next door to a food 4 less supermarket and fortunately right down the street from my place. 

this Greeks is AWESOME! it's affordable, family owned, very nice people, and good quality food. the owner is really a fat greek lol and he's very nice.

you should give it a try, you won't be disappointed.笑
Mmmmm.....I have been wanting a gyro so bad and I am so glad I came here!! I absolutely loved it!! We ordered hummus, beef shish kabob plate and a gyro plate. They bring you out bread and the bread was so soft and fresh and was awesome with the hummus. Oh and cheap too! The plates came with a salad and rice or fries. I bad the rice and the Greek salad. And I lived the taste and of the salad. Everything was super fresh. The lamb and beef were both juicy and so good. The pilaf (rice) had an amazing flavor to it too! Our tab was only 35 dollars, which was awesome for the amount of food. Service was great and fast. Definitely had a wide selection of options but I would definitely say to try the gyro plate!   Highly recommend it if your in the mood for Mediterranean food!笑
For our recent Vegas trip, we decided to focus more on food than anything else. We love Greek food, so we decided to hop on Yelp to try a restaurant out. The Fat Greek was the main one to catch our attention. Upon entering the restaurant, we were greeted and sat at a table quickly. We went around dinnertime during a weeknight, so the place wasn't too packed. But, apparently when you dine there for dinner, the pita bread and what ever that other amazing bread was called is complimentary. And just like any other, well I should say most, Greek restaurants that I've been to, we were given large portions for our meals. The food was delicious and our waitress was very attentive to our needs. I feel like the food was decently priced and you definitely get what you pay for. I highly recommend to try this place out if you want to avoid the high food prices from restaurants on the strip and/or if you're hungry and want amazing Greek food!

5/5 from me for the food and amazing service!笑
The wife and I get the "Family Style Grill Plate for Four".  My little boy loves the beef and chicken.  We also get the greek style potatoes.  This dish is fantastic and the grilled vegetable's that they put on the plate are perfect with the meat.  The left overs are an added treat in the next days boring lunch salad at work.笑
Disappointed with everything I got, very average Greek salad, very average gyros, and the spinach pie wasn't very good.  I'm hoping it was bad because it was on Easter and maybe it was old or something.  The guy was kinda pissy at the counter too.  There is a place on Maryland across from the university that is way better.笑
Came here while on vacation and sat outside on the patio.  Didn't know what to expect but was pleasantly surprised by the amazing taste of our food!  I got the gyro and fries and it was huge.  Loved the feta on the gyro!  Everything tasted fresh and the price was decent too.  Would definitely come again next time I'm in Vegas.笑
Frequent this place so much that they  should make a plate in honored of my name !

try the pasta shrimp. Its awesome. Hummus. Greek salad. Greek friends. The burger is amazing. The water is amazing too !( I joke about their plain, same, filtered.water... It is refreshing though)笑
I have no idea how this place is 4.5 stars. We ordered a falafel sandwich and a greek salad with chicken breast saturday night. We arrived about 30 minutes after placing the order with EAT24. We were then told to wait 10-15 minutes. It was another 30 minutes. Not only were they late with horrible service, THEY FORGOT THE CHICKEN on the salad which was an extra $3. 

The entire restaurant was angry. One man and his wife had to get up from their seats to get drink refills. The table next to us didn't even have their orders put in for the 30 minutes we were there.

The food itself was below average. The greek salad wasn't bad but my falafel sandwich was awful (I am middle eastern and know good falafels when I eat them). 

Don't waste your time with this place. I am shocked they have 4.5 stars. Awful.笑
Ok this place is amazing. My picky eaters (kids) love it. We had the Souvlaki and the kids ate it all! That never happens. Don't miss the bread! Yum. The waiter from Bulgaria was by far one of the best waiters I've had in a long time.笑
New in town. Tried on a whim. $10 for gyros and a Greek salad (and a drink) Very tasty. Cute little place in a strip mall. All blue and white. I will be back.笑
Awesome customer service.
Very clean.
Very nice to my daughter.
Food was outstanding.
We got  the
 1. Fat Greek Gryo
 2. Hummus
 3. Shawerma 

It was rich with flavor good texture.笑
A third party delivery service delivered the wrong items to me. No big deal, it happens NOT THE RESTERAUNTS FAULT! What did happen was the owner himself re-made the correct order and brought it to me himself after canceling the charge on my credit card! He also sent extra amazing authentic Greek samples! 

I work in fine dining, I'm picky, demanding and hold people to a very high standard! The response to the mistake was not only above and beyond my exspectations, but the food was also above and beyond my exspectations !

Light airy phyllo dough Spanicopida ( spinach cheese filled crossant style Greek pastry)

AMAZING GYROS! Real carved meat! Big portions!
Fresh SALADS with quality ingredients, big fresh feta chunks and kalamata olives!

LOVED IT ALL! REMINDS ME OF MY PAPOO's GREEK RESTERAUNT IN CHICAGO! 

I will order again!!! See the pics!!!!笑
He may be fat, but he is a charmer. "Charming" is not a word I use regularly, but it is the perfect word for The Fat Greek. Regardless of the food, the bright blue interior here is the perfect respite from the blazing desert days of Vegas. Right down to the chairs, everything is perfectly coordinated in a blue and white color scheme that makes you feel like you are in a cooler climate. 

The service is also charming. Everyone is personable and easy-going. You can see that there are regulars, as the staff takes time to check up on the happenings in their lives. It definitely has the "I could be a regular here" vibe. It's just so darn charming. I simply can't think of a better word!

The menu has a broad range of Mediterranean offerings, not exclusively Greek, but I would expect a fat Greek to eat a lot of things, right? I shared bean soup, a falafel pita wrap and a Greek salad with some gyro on top with the husband. The portions are generous. For example, the small Greek salad was enough to share given the other items we had ordered. I loved the bean soup, and the salad was fresh with a nice dressing. The falafel pita was beautiful and prepared in a way that made it easy to eat. My husband really liked it, but the falafel had too much parsley for my taste and seemed a little overcooked. I probably would not order the falafel again. However, the soup and salad were winners! Looking around, the kabob plates looked tempting, and it is probably worth exploring some of the authentic Greek options. I just couldn't resist trying the falafel! 

Next time, I'm going for the appetizer combo plate.笑
Great lunch spot.  I have eaten here 20+ times and haven't had a bad experience yet..笑
Delicious, large portion, and very cheap. I recommend!!!! Great spot!!!

We had Greek salad with chicken, small Greek salad and side of gyros笑
I come here all the time and usually it's nothing to write about. The service is always meh but the food is pretty good and I live close so I come back. But this time the service was just awful. We came in at 8:30, and sat down. We ordered maybe 5 minutes later. All we got was hummus and lentil soup. They dropped the food off and then didn't check up on us. We needed pita bread and had to flag someone down for it. Then I needed an iced tea refill but again no one came to check on us. All I saw was Gina standing at the counter a lot. Gina came to drop our bill off and asked if we needed anything else and I told her how disappointed we were with the service and that yes I did need a refill and even more pita bread (they give a lot of hummus and not a lot of bread). She goes on to inform me that we walked in when the kitchen was closed. OKAY why would you not tell us that when we sat down then??? She was very rude and I couldn't believe the way she approached the situation. I will literally never come back here again. Which is sad because I've been coming here for years. Y'all need to work on your customer service.笑
Sounds like Sanchan below and I had the same experience. 

Walked in at 5:30 on a Monday and the restaurant had two families dining there already. My cousin and I plopped ourselves down and settled on sharing an appetizer and a large entree plate (Kabob plate). 

After being presented with menus, it took forever for the waiter to come around and take our order. Also, my water glass was downed within 5 minutes of seating and in the 75 minutes or so I was seated, it was never refilled. It seemed as if ONE guy were working. The restaurant eventually filled up by 6:30 but there was still ONE waiter working all the tables. 

The appetizer (calamari) seemed to be kinda..old? It was crispy but didn't taste very fresh. My cousin and I felt as if it were bought and fried..and overcooked. Really not great.

The fries here are great, and the kabob plate was pretty tasty. However, the service once again got us all bent out of shape. We had to wave the ONE guy down but he was too busy trying to get people seated, orders, and whatnot. 

I finally ended up just picking up my card and walking over to him at the cash register because we were starting to run late and I was tired of waving him down. 

I wish I could love it because there are so many positive reviews here. I might try to give it another chance, but that's honestly a "fat chance" (pun intended).笑
Superb authentic greek food. Very well prepared Delicious and fresh. Strongly recommended.笑
This place doesn't look like much from the outside, but it is sooo good. The interior is delightfully homey, and the staff is incredibly attentive and friendly.

The gyro was incredible, although maybe not quite as good as the Bay Area's Opa's. The fries were some of the best I've had (crispy on the outside but nice and soft on the inside).

If we go back to Vegas we're definitely coming back to the Fat Greek.笑
I ordered the chicken greek salad and it was amazing!! Loved it!! It had lots of chicken and veg, I want another one!!笑
Went there for lunch today. The restaurant is very clean. The customer service was excellent. The good was very tasty and portions were good size. I would recommend this place to anybody. Price for quantity of good is very good too.  
.笑
I was referred to this place by a friend and I must say that I enjoyed my whole meal. I had the gyro with a side salad. The atmosphere at the time I went (4:00pm) was quiet and service was very attentive. I had ice tea and although it was made with tap water, it was still good. 

So there you have it, I would recommend this place and I look forward to returning to try it again.笑
This is by far the best Greek food in Vegas.  Portions are generous and price is great.  Love love the Greek salad with Gyro meat, the avlomeno soup is delicious. Must try this hidden gem.笑
Surprised at how many nice reviews this place received. I don't usually write Yelp reviews unless I had a genuinely great or terrible experience... This place fell flat. 
 
First off... $10 Gyro Sandwich?? 
Coming from a San Diego local's perspective, THAT is an absolutely ludicrous price. Best Gyro in USA too? Pretty cocky. 

My friends and I stopped in after EDC weekend with a craving for some decent Greek food. Firstly, I wanted to order a slice of baklava with my meal but after checking the prices, one friend and I decided to just split the gyro price by itself. I was really bummed because I would have loved a sweet for my road trip... But if I remember correctly it was around $5-$6 alone? Come on. 

I decided to grab a drink too and opted for Pepsi. I'm not sure if their soda machine was dirty or the Pepsi hadn't been changed out, but my drink had a horrible lingering aftertaste that made my stomach sick. Too bad I even paid for the drink, I ended up getting water instead:( 

The gyro was so stupidly mediocre I couldn't believe we had even split the bill, much less paid for anything at all. The bread was tough and dry, the meat was bland, the veggies seemed out of season and the onions were vile. The sauce to accompany it was sour like a pickle. I'm not a professional by any means, but I've never tasted such a vinegary/pickled version of that sauce elsewhere. Needs SO much improvement. 

The only good thing about the visit was very friendly employees working the registers, it seemed pretty clean, and also the restaurant was a bit cliche and awkward but all in all still charming. The seasoned fries were pretty yum too. I think I'll take my cravings elsewhere in Vegas next year.笑
Wow!!!! The worst service I ever seen! Been there twice. The first time ,they just seemed annoyed that I was there to spend my hard earnd cash on there overpriced food. Very slow, and just lame. But the 2 nd time I showed up at near closing time (9pm) and  they would not feed me. Just the worst!! Avoid this place. Food  is just ok (1st time) But not worth the very very crappy service. Dont waste your money. Unless you enjoy feeling unwelcome at a restaurant.  Trust me walking into that place is more like the doctors office than a resturant.  If you don't want anything to drink, AND you want your food in a TO GO BOX!!! Eat at the FAT GREEK笑
Great service, generous portions. I ordered the gyro platter.
The gyro meat was moist. I prefer a lot of red onions and tomatoes on my gyro and they were a bit skimpy on these :-(
They were however generous portions of rice, a side Greek salad and the tzasiki.
Overall pretty good and good value ($14) and I'll more than likely return when in the area.
I recommend!笑
I love everything that I've tried here so far! The service can be a bit weird sometimes, the people are all very friendly, it just is always just a bit awkward for some reason. Anyways, the Greek house salad is amazing, the falafel is good, the hummus is good, the shawarma pita is delicious and so are the chicken kebabs. I haven't had anything I didn't like here and I have to scarf everything down every time . So yeah very very yummy food!笑
Had dinner there last night. I had the gyro and Athenian fries. Everything was amazing. Even my picky 2 year old loved it. Best Greek food I've had in quite awhile.笑
I ordered delivery from here and was so pleased to find every dish was excellent! My favorite was the big fat gyro sandwich. It was amazing. The meat was so tasty and tender and the vegetables were fresh and crisp! I will definitely make this place one of my regular go-to's. Generous portions, great food.笑
You have to try the athenia fries!! So good! The service was very friendly and nice - I had a gyro and husband had beef swarma- both were juicy meats and fresh sauce. Clean restaurant and nice servers. Would recommend to anyone who likes Greek food. Will defiantly be back- thanks for a great lunch!笑
I have been here often. it is usually a delighful little break during the day for lunch and a couple of times I have ventured over to take part in an evening meal. 
After my experience tonight I will not be back. My father, in from out of town, my boyfriend and I sat and watched as every table in the place recieved their orders....we waited and waited and waited. 

Our glasses ran dry, our bread all gone, and still no entree. At 1 hour 10 min wait we walked to the register asked for our check for our drinks and tried to leave. At that time the server argued with us then....then the manger came out to tell us we were wrong and had only been waiting 50 min. As much as the food is ok....the service is/was awful!笑
The owner and waiter were soooo nice! Food was amazing and delicious. Definitely coming back!笑
Had a craving for gyro and thanks to Yelpers, found this place!  It's simple and clean, in a newly redone shopping center in a decent part of town. Plenty of parking. We came off hours, so it was almost empty, but had a steady stream of customers. Outside, the manager chatted with a couple of regulars. I like seeing that. 

Service was fast and good. Both the gyros and kabobs were excellent. Quality meats, done perfectly. Will definitely be back! I think the ambiance would be nice at night, but even during the day, it's a go-to place for lunch.笑
This place was pretty great. It's a small joint with uncomfortable fluorescent lighting with cafeteria style seating but the staff are kind and urgent. The food is out of this world! I was afraid I might get some tiny Greek imposter plate but I was impressed and will be returning.笑
Decided to drop in here with my mom while she was in town and really enjoyed our meal. We went for lunch and ordered a couple of gyros. I had the Chicken Shawerma and it was awesome! I have never been the biggest fan of Greek food, but it has grown on me recently. This place helped! One of the best gyros I have had and pretty fair priced for the size at $7.50.
You must order the baklava! Get it as fresh as possible if you can, not sure what times they make it but I believe they only make certain number in the morning and then more later in the day. We were lucky enough to get it very fresh and it was fantastic. I have since stopped in and ordered two pieces to go and they seemed not as fresh and a bit tougher, but still tasted great. It's pricey at about $5 for a small 4x4 (maybe) square, but considering all the time and effort that goes in to making baklava its worth splurging on here and there.
Only downfall for me is that they have separate menus for lunch and dinner. The gyros are only available on the lunch menu which I miss because I get out of work at 6pm. Maybe one day they will change that!笑
My friends couldn't decide what to eat, so I eliminated choices and we ended up here at the Fat Greek because the Greek food makes the tummy happy and not overall full.  The restaurant is rather clean as well as the bathrooms which some of the others on these reviews had mentioned.

Why this is four stars, and it's because I didn't get to try all their yummy food!  I hope to come back to Vegas and try the rest of the items on the menu.  So many unique items I have never even heard of:

Tirokefteri (I don't even remember what this was but I know it was really good and spicy)
Saganaki (Salty kinda crispy cheese)?
Tzatziki (yogurt with cucumber with infused olive oil) --common at most Greek Restaurants (this was a little different from other Greek Restaurants I've been to, but it was so refreshing)
Babaganoush (eggplant) -- common at most Greek Restaurants

Avgolemono-Lemon, rice, chicken soup-- I am a soup fan, so I loved this soup, however, I wished it was a little more lemony to add extra zest.

Fat Greek Gyro with Chicken/Lamb-- Chicken was on the dry side but still delicious.

I don't believe in ever restaurant being perfect, but we came at a not busy time and there was only one waiter, and he did an okay job checking up on us.  

Take Home Message:
If you want a break from the strip, come to Fat Greek to have some happy tummy food for lunch.笑
Stopped in here looking for a quick gyro, ended up getting the gyro platter for $12, which turned out to be a fair price for a lot of food, including an excellent, fresh side salad with Greek house dressing, plus fresh baked bread and flat bread. The gyro meat was moist and delicious, the tsatsiki was fresh and tangy, with a hit of dill.

I wanted to try the mousaka, but they were out of it the day I stopped in. They have lunch specials, so if you want to just grab a gyro, falafel, etc you can. I'm glad I found this place, and highly recommend!笑
I come here every once & a while. Their lamb souvlaki is amazing & you can't go wrong with a fat greek salad either! Definitely quality food. There hasn't been a time where I've been disappointed with their food. Where they do lack however is in service. If you get your food to go it's not that bad, but if you're dining in expect to wait a little more than necessary for a refill. They do get very busy during lunch time so plan accordingly!!

 Food: 4.5 service: 3. 

I haven't gotten a chance to try their dessert, but they do a have nice display of it in the front.笑
I work super close to this restaurant and love Greek food! I have ordered to go and eaten inside several times. However I always have the WORST service EVERTIME I go! There's this older lady there that usually helps me and she is not friendly and very rude! She argues with me about the stupidest things every time! For instance, I ordered a Greek gyro salad and a side of baba Ganoush . Baba Ganoush  is an appetizer so it comes with pita bread. They also give pita bread for the salad every time I order it. When I went to pick up my order I pointed out that I was short on pita bread. They only gave me 1 that was cut in 4's. She spent 10 minutes arguing with me until finally the cook came over and gave me the extra pita bread I was supposed to get in the first place!

Also- last week my co workers and I called and placed an order for pick up. We usually pay separately with our cards so we have to order each of our orders separately. They told us 1 time before that they cant put it on more than one card (which sounds like BS to me) but whatever we just order each separately. But we were so frustrated because we sent one of our co workers to pick up the food and when she arrived, there was a line out the door of people waiting to pick up their to go order. She spent about 45 mins in line and when she got to the front they told her the credit card machine has been broken all day and we had to pay with cash only! It was super frustrating because they didn't warn us on the phone. So our co-worker had to take her personal debit card into the grocery store next door and pull out enough cash to pay for everyone's order. After she did that, they handed her the order rudely and they didn't even apologize. When she brought the food back to the office it was super cold! We all had to then go and get cash to pay her back. It would have been nice for them to warn us! Like I said, the customer service sucks every time we go here! We have decided to stop ordering here because of all these problems!笑
I shall call this review :  GREAT BALLS OF FIRE

We were craving falafels. Having been way too long since we had a falafel we went to The Fat Greek, seeing as the the Greek is fat he may make a pretty good chick pea ball. Oh boy were we wrong.

The falafel balls were ginormous. Crispy on the outside. But the inside had a mashed potatoe consistency.  Marjie think yucki. Not yummilishous.
And. The falafels were hot. As in hot chili pepper hot.  Not yummi when mouth on fire.
Inedible.
Marjie not happy.笑
My boyfriend and I love Mediterranean food and this place by far has the best Greek food we've had in Vegas. It's also super close to where we live so we end up ordering take-out here at least once a week. We've actually never eaten inside, but its a cute place.

The food is always quality, delicious and the portions are great for the price. 

Our favorites include their chicken or beef kabob plates, the Fat Greek gyro, the Athenian fries, and the Fat Greek salad with chicken (the chicken has a delicious lemon sauce on it). (We're creatures of habit) Although I'm sure everything is great. Their desserts are very good too.

The entrees come with soup or salad (we always opt for the salad, which is a small, fresh Greek salad) and also comes with pita.

We're moving at the end of the year and this will be my most missed Vegas restaurant!笑
I have only been there for lunch, which gets quite busy. If you need a quick in and out lunch, this is not for you.
However, if you want a delicious, quality lunch you should definitely come here.
The chicken soulvaki is wonderful, the gyros are very good.  The salad is always very fresh, if sometimes overdressed. The rice is wonderful.笑
This place was such a refreshing change from the mass produced buffetet foods of the strip. Delicious fresh food. I would definitely recommend it!笑
Solid, good authentic greek food. Everything taste fresh, clean, and awesome.  Its a total hidden gem in a crap hole strip mall, but its worth the hunt.  Greak gyros, shwerma, and souvlaki.  The pita bred is warm, fresh, and is not a chewy piece of cardboard, like some of those other greek chains, that pump out food like a nerd pumps out star wars facts....go here, you will not be dissapointed笑
Picked up 2 Gyros and they were outstanding! Some of the best I have ever had. Large anf full of all the ingredients that were soooo good. The hummus was great too.笑
Be prepared for a long wait before your food arrives. My first visit here took almost an hour for the food to arrive, and that was with a warning from a friend who's also had a similar experience. That's the reason for the 3 stars. I got the Fat Greek Gyro with chicken. Everything was great, especially the tzatziki sauce. I also got a side of pita and hummus, both of which were good.

The interior is literally all baby blue and white. It makes me feel like I'm near a beach. There are many seats, so if you come in with a large group, they can probably accommodate.

I would recommend this place ONLY if you're off work or if you have nowhere that you'd have to be. Otherwise, you'll be having a 2 hour lunch break. However, they also seem to do pick-up orders; I saw people come in and walk out with a bag of food in under 5 minutes. That might be the best way to enjoy the food.笑
I've ordered delivery from here through Eat24 multiple times. The food is always on point! Love the tirokafteri and gyro! Also, I don't know how I lived without Avgolemono soup all my life.笑
I have spent 10 years in Vegas looking for the best Greek food and have eaten here several times.! Vegas has several excellent places but this place tops them all. 
The last time I went for lunch the food came so quick I was shocked and they were busy.! Brought a visiting friend from California here and he loved it as well. Never a complaint here..!笑
We went for dinner and found the food to be good.  The saganaki was a bit strange - it was dry and breaded.  Aside from the saganaki everything was very good.  The salad was fresh and not over done in feta.  The chicken and veggies were very flavourful and fresh.  The baklava looked great but we were full.  We found the prices and service great.笑
Not a good adventure.price and not taste good.first time taste greek food may be they like the food.but it is so so for me.笑
This is a cheap enough place to get rid of your shawarma craving. Meat is tender and seasoned well and topped with fresh veggies.笑
Best babaganosh I've ever had. Just the right amount of creaminess and it has a good smokey taste. Lentil soup was good but it could've been a little hotter. My friend had the spinach pie which was good. I also had their felafel pita which was yummy too.
The set up of the restaurant was nice. Light blue trimmed with white and amazing artwork posted everywhere. My favorite decorative piece was the Warhol Marilyn Monroe plates mixed in with flower plates in the women's bathroom.

They also have a chill patio to sit out on for those nice summer days.笑
Love the food. The service lacks some luster but the food makes up for the difference! Great gyros and dolmades.笑
So the first few times I came in the service sucked. It was lunch hour and it was busy, and I was ignored for a good ten minutes. I do like the food so I decided to give them the benefit of the doubt. I came again last week around 1 and it was dead. There were maybe 4 other tables dining, and I received excellent service. 

I had a cup of the Avgolemeno soup which was very tasty and lemony and came with a side of warm pita. I love this soup, but I just wish it was a little hotter in temperature as it was served lukewarm. I also had the fat gyro which is a gyro with feta, lettuce, tomato, onion and tzatziki sauce. I love the addition of feta to any gyro. It adds a salty element that just enhances the flavors. I asked for the tzatziki sauce on the side and while it was a nice complement to the gyro, I didn't particularly care for the flavor. 

I really like this place and if they just had one more person working the lunch rush, I think this could be a 5 star establishment.笑
I ordered online through Yelp.  I won't fault them for the time, I think Yelp gave me false hopes for a 30 minutes delivery window...  It took exactly 1 hour from order to delivery.  That is about average for Yelp Eat24 delivery service.

Let's get too the damn good part...  the food.

Hummus - ALL WIN

Steak kabob - More Win, seriously...  very good and steak was cooked perfect.

The roasted potatoes - Not a win for me...  I have a feeling by "greek/med food standards, they were perfect...

I would suggest that they consider cans of soda for delivery orders...  

The driver was very friendly.  The food was GREAT.  I am very pleased that I ordered from here.笑
This place is the best...you can count on your meal being great everytime here and their customer service is amazing. Ill definately be back!笑
I've ordered from here several times but don't know why I haven't written a review yet. But everything I've tried on their menu is amazing! My favorite would probably be their souvlaki skewers(beef/lamb/chicken) that's on the lunch menu. Each one is good just depends on what you're craving. My favorite dessert is the truffle cake! The tzaziki sauce is amazing! The grilled octopus is good also. Everything is really good!笑
With a name like this, it took a while for me to get up the nerve to go: I'm not sure it's good marketing, but at least it indicates that the food is probably good. After visiting, I can confirm, it is the kind of food you can get fat on.

Location is easy to miss if you aren't familiar with the plaza- I've driven past the intersection countless times but didn't know it was here. Parking can be difficult to find due to other busy businesses nearby. This place rocks a giant but empty patio which would probably be better utilized as additional parking spaces.

Ordered a fat gyro and athens fries. The fat gyro is no joke, the name of this sandwich is as honest as the name of the restaurant: it's enormous and was two solid meals for me. The chewy, soft pita pilllowed a plentiful portion of moist and flavorful gyro meat, topped with tzatziki sauce and feta, and supplemented with lettuce and tomato. From the first bite to about the middle of the 'ro, it is amazing: flavors complement one another in a classic way that is key to a good gyro. Then you realize how full you are and the debate between having fries and saving the other half, or forcing yourself to finish, kicks in.
I opted to resis the urge, but was underwhelmed by the fries: I went at an odd time between lunch and dinner and expected the fries to be made fresh but they tasted like they'd been sitting out a while and were a bizarre combination of dry and flavorless. That being said, the cheese atop them was a generous amount, and the portion was a good value for the $3 price tag. However, I'm just not cool with the idea that I need to add several shakes of salt to a heap of cheese and fries to make them palatable. 

If you choose to stuff yourself with gyro instead of opting for a side, I won't judge you. But I will judge you if you follow that up with another meal later in the day because, Lord, that's a lot of food! If you opt to save it for later, as I did, consider taking the lettuce and tomato out so that you can heat it up without getting nasty warm produce when you reheat in your morning daze. Also consider removing the layer of foil beneath your leftover fries so as not to reenact the microwave-fire scene from American Hustle. Your intact kitchen and taste buds will thank you.笑
Came in for lunch and was seated quickly. I ordered the beef / lamb Gyro with salad and a beverage.  

My food arrived quickly and my Gyro lamb & beef meat tasted on the dry side and the pita was overcooked to crunchy - but edible. My salad was fresh and I finished both items. 

On a side note I used the restroom and it was spotless clean as is the dinning room.笑
Service was great. The meal was fittingly cheap. Desserts looked good. 

But I got soooo sick an hour after eating here(and only here) one day last week. I had the PROCESSED and overly salty "lamb-beef" gyro meat and funny-tasting moussaka... I suspect my two bites of the gross moussaka were to blame. 

I can't fathom the fact that Americans enjoy gyro bologna, which is thin and processed (not skewered) and worth about $0.01/lb. Gyro meat should be chunky, moist and crispy... and lamb OR beef.

The baklava was overly-dense, bland and gross. I can understand why my throat refused said advances. Next.笑
Looking for something different we ended up at the Fat Greek restaurant and I'm really glad we did.  They offer many  authentic Greek and other Mediterranean dishes and drinks,  the service is very good and hospitable, they really make you feel like home, we really enjoyed our meal and the atmosphere here. Nothing says more Greek like blue and white colors, and this is what  you find here and at any Greek restaurant, blue and white and that's my description of the decor. Prices are reasonable and the food was excellent and authentic.. I know what you're thinking. how can a Mexican know anything about the authenticity of Greek food? Well if Zorba the Greek was actually a Mexican actor playing an authentic Greek character on the big screen, then I can pretty much play a Greek food connoisseur and tell you that the food I'm eating is authentic Greek food. Besides after a good moussaka a couple of mythos beers and a shot of raki  I even speak Greek ..... Opa! Opa!       ( means I need a cab.)笑
So we've tried several greek spots here in Las Vegas in search of our "go to" Greek food spot. We decided to give this place a try after seeing awesome pics on Yelp! Everything looked yummy, so we were really crossing our fingers that it wasn't too good to be true.  

We absolutely LOVED everything! The place was clean and decorated in white and blue which reminded us of Greece. Cute little spot in a strip mall. 

Our server was nice and brought our food in it's respective time. There's nothing I dislike the most than bad timing. We ordered hummus; something I always look for: warm pita bread! They had it!! We had the time to enjoy it before getting our gyros as the main entree. Presentation was beautiful, clean and absolutely delicious. 

We are definitely going back since we now found our GO TO Greek spot!笑
5-STARS! They serve you warm bread and pita as you are ready to order. Their bread melts is your mouth. The salads are fresh and crisp tossed lightly with olive oil. My favorite is the Gyros plate; served with a lemony authentic pilaf, you can tell it's home made. The gyros are tender and flavorful. The staff is extremely nice. The atmosphere is authentic, not extremely fancy but very welcoming.笑
Visiting Vegas, we were looking for a reasonably priced restaurant so we went off the strip. The food here was not only reasonably priced but delicious. We highly recommend the gyro, lamb slovaki and the kabobs.笑
I was on the search for a good gyro for lunch and I brought along two of my friends for the journey. I like this place and the fact that when you walk in and its decorated with "Greek colors." I came here on a Friday for lunch and it was pretty packed. That was definitely a good sign! My friends both ordered the Fat Greek Gyro and I just ordered the Traditional Gyro. The Traditional Gyro was tasty, but I felt the pita bread was a bit too tough. The rice pilaf was good, but extremely buttery. My friend ordered the "Greek" fries and it came with melted feta cheese on top. It looked good, but I was too full to even try it. Overall, I think the lunch combo is decent deal and I will be back when I need a good gyro.笑
This place wasn't bad. My biggest complaint is the lack of a single greek person working there which leads me to believe it's fake. Food was decent, waitress one was ok other not ok.笑
I just love this place. Food is amazing. Chicken souvlaki, kefte, salads, even plain old butter lemon rice is AMAZING. Probably The Best chicken souvlaki I've had in Vegas -- So good. Check it out. Their Major downfall -- terribly slow service. Plan on waiting for like 20-30 min on your one dish to come out. Worth it though.笑
My husband and I literally moved in this morning, .4 mile from the shopping center and wanted a nice lunch after getting up at 3:00 am to drive from LA and meet our moving truck here. 
We were already very excited that the Spring Valley area has so much to do, and I started reading the list of places in our 89103 zip code.
"Greek food sounds good", he said.
Ten grape leaves, some kebabs, an avgolemono soup and spanakopita later, we were two very happy people splitting a very good carrot cake.
My husband was a little sad to hear that the bakhlava was not yet ready but my waistline needed a little break before trying that item too.
Very cute cafe, helpful staff and best avgolemono and dolmades ever.
We did pick a great neighborhood!!!笑
Last Monday, I ordered a classic gyro sandwich via Eat24. I liked the convenience that gave me especially when you can set up a schedule for your food to be ready. Having said that, they were quick in service. I walked into the restaurant, and my food was ready after transaction.

Ambiance: The interior of this shop was a bit rundown. It's a shame because it seems like they get a lot of customers, yet they don't seem to care for customer experience. It almost reminds me of a diner with old looking seats, tables and decor. It's not really something I want to see you while eating. 

Food: The classic gyro seemed average in taste. The most notable part of this sandwich was the meat. I loved how tender it was as it made the meal enjoyable. Honestly, I could've eaten that on its own or maybe with salad. One setback about it was the over execution. With out together, nothing seemed to pop out except for the gyro. It was almost as though, I could do without the other ingredients.

Customer Service: I may have put this at a four star had the rep didn't make me feel so unwelcomed. I walked to the counter and he stared at me not asking what he can help me with. Instead he continued staring with a scowl on his face! It was unbearable and I almost wanted to ask what his problem was. Luckily, another server came up to me and asked what I needed. Anyway, that was one of the worst experience I've had in a long while! Maybe they need to train that man about being courteous or put him at the back with the cooks. He really didn't have a place to be up front looking so upset.笑
The Fat Greek Salad with grilled chicken was awesome !  Loved it !  The waiter was very attentive and good customer service .  I recommend this place .笑
The food was incredible and so was the iced tea. Great service too! Make sure you sit outside, it's gorgeous this time of year笑
We walked in the restaurant the manager was rude told us to sit outside left us out there for 40 minutes and we walked away after telling him no we don't want your food, and forgot us.Never referred this place to anybody. Been here before the food is not that good.笑
Food was excellent but the guy at the front counter was borderline rude which made our to go experience uncomfortable. I understand there was 15 minutes left before you close but did you have to be such a douche about it? Oh and he wasn't Greek because I lived in Greece for five years and I know the dialect. I hope the boss sees this because I'd rather go to the mad Greek then deal with being made to feel this way. At least they are friendly. I didn't feel any friendliness at all at this restaurant which is unfortunate because I would have given them five stars.笑
I have a 6th sense. When one of my girlfriends are pregnant, I get the cravings... long before they even disclose their little secret! So girls, whoever you are - SPILL!!! I've been craving Greek lately, and when I say "crave," I mean I want it every meal and every snack of everyday. And this has been my life for the past three weeks. So, while on a business trip to Vegas I turned to YELP to feed my addictions. (Food.) 

Such an unassuming place in an off strip shopping center. I was a little hesitant when I walked in and only 1/4 of the tables were taken... but I was hungry, and I have a lot of faith in yelpers. =)

End result - HAPPY TUMMY. Really happy tummy. It's a mom n pop type joint, with all the home cooking "made with love" flavors. Here's the rundown:

Hummus: Homemade, and awesome. So many times hummus comes out runny, oily, or slightly gritty. Not here - it has the perfect consistency, taste on point, and made my taste buds sing. Maybe even RAP a bit, that's how good it was. ha ha.

Chicken Lemon Soup: I have nothing to compare this to, never had it before... but boy was it good. You would think I haven't eaten in weeks the way I slurped it down. In all honesty, I think I slurped it a little too loud.

Beef Gyro: So good I didn't speak. Not one word. I didn't put it down for a good 5 bites. 

Greek Salad: Good, but didn't blow my mind. I added chicken, and was pleased with the portion size!

Falafel: Soooooo glad this wasn't the greasy mess I'm used to. Great infused flavors, crispy on the outside, perfect on the inside!

Baklava: Good sized portion, but not the best I've had...

Ready for the star of the show?

Chocolate Marble Truffle Cake: I have no words. None. Order it, eat it, and then get one to go. Period. You're welcome.

Needless to say, I'll be coming back!笑
Nice Place! Good service (they were extremely patient with us and our baby). We had the Lavash wrap and the Falafel wrap and both of them were good & fresh tasting. The falafels were good, but not great.
The fries were the best. We would surely visit again.笑
Really good food and service. No complaints! Salad was good, server brought out hot bread and butter, and I had the kabobs with lamb and chicken and it was delicious!笑
Amazing food! My only go to for Greek food ! It's vegetarian friendly too! How could it get any better than that!!! 
Oh and the bottomless pita and white loaf of bread comes out warm!
Great food! One of my favorite restaurants here in Vegas笑
AVOID AVOID AVOID!!!!

As a Greek, I have very high standards for Greek food naturally. So I thought why not give this place a try due to the high reviews. I don't know how in the world they have 4.5 stars Im actually still trying to figure that out.

The food was without a doubt the worst Greek food I have ever had in my life, this including the years I have spent there, all of the places I have had Greek food in the country, etc. The gyro was gross. The meat tasted old and not fresh and had no flavor. The pita was clearly store bought and reheated. 

We ordered the pita and tzatziki.  It came with literally 5 of the smallest pieces of pita bread and a bowl of tzatiziki. The tzatiziki was had so much garlic that it made my stomach upset.  It was also very very watery :(. 

It took us about an hour to have two gyros and pita. WTF??? All of those things should be just about made and take literally five minutes to assemble. 

I will NEVER return and I severely suggest that if you want greek food you find some where else where its more authentic. I would rather eat Arbys gryos than ever go near this gross stuff again.笑
Love this place! The portions are large and the quality of meat is excellent. My favorite is The Fat Greek Salad with Chicken! Very friendly staff and if it's a hott day you must indulge in their Gelato.笑
Wonderful and amazing Greek food here.  Very authentic.  The atmosphere is light and airy.  It's got a full bar.  It's a great place to go to sit and chat over a great meal.  The food is reasonably priced for what you get (a gyro plate will feed me for two days).  The Chicken Lemon soup is absoultely amazing, as is the spiced feta.  Honestly, I've loved everything I've tried here. 

The gyros are super popular.  If you hit a rush, you might wait for a while to get one.  However, it's always fresh, perfectly done, and cut from the spit as it's ordered (and often as it's done, thus the wait--which is WELL worth it).  Call ahead and order if you are in a rush.  

The pastires are really not good for you, which is just as it should be.  The neopolitians are like eating clouds.  The baklava is inspiring, and the almond baklava is to die for.  

I grew up in a small town that was heavy with Greek immigrants.  I grew to love the food.  I searched to find food to match it for years before finding this place.  It's wonderful.笑
I LOVE this place!!! Yummy !! I love the chicken Greek salad it's the best salad ever!!! Every time is like the first time this place is truly the best a must try everything is delicious . The owner is always friendly with a smile on her face. Every time I come she is here taking care of things . Plus their bathroom is super cute and clean.笑
This place is just GREAT! The food simply amazing. Everyone in our group was extremely satisfied with their order. I ordered the FAT Gyro and it was by far the best Gyro I've ever had. The size of the orders is quiet large also, especially when considering the relatively low prices on the menu. Highly recommend to anyone who likes greek food.笑
This place has the BEST Greek food in the entire city & my favorite tzatziki in the country. (Hummus Factory does have better hummus varieties... LOL) 

This is my go-to takeout place when I want something not overly-processed, really delicious & quick. The food is all packaged separately, and tzatziki left on the side so it travels well. The gyro plate could not be a better deal, or lamb/beef quality. The gyro plate comes with side of soup/salad, french fries or rice, and your traditional Greek lamb/beef gyro. SO GOOD! 

The Fat Greek is also a great location to dine-in (nice traditional interior), and receive great personalized service. There is a female who works here (I do not remember her name) and she truly takes the time to get to know her customers. We frequently order an extra side of gyro meat (for our dog), and she became aware of this. One day we did not order any extra gyro meat (our dog had traveled back East) and she asked if our dog was okay! She truly remembered & this meant so much to us. She has become a friendly acquaintance, and truly enjoy seeing her every-time we go there. 

Besides the gyro plate with greek salad & fries (I always get), the Moussaka is traditional and cooked perfectly, and the pita bread is home-made/ always fresh. The Athenian fries are deliciously savory & the Spanakopita is never burnt/over oily. I always order two pieces of baklava, & my boyfriend loves the rice pilaf here. Truly a great place for traditional treats, and the mid-week i-do-not-want-to-cook blues. Love this place & will continue to be a frequent customer! Give it a try if you love Greek Food!笑
Do not let the outside of this place deter you! Inside it is beautifully coordinated in blue and white. It's very unique and relaxing.
 The food is very good. Generous portions, fresh bread!! Their soup is addictive. The gyros huge!
 Unfortunately this place to too far from me and we do not get there often enough.  I have not tried the dinner menu yet. I can't wait!笑
Great gyros. Reasonable prices. Fast. 

I finally got around to try this place out and it was not a disappointment at all. I ordered the traditional gyro, side of salad, and side of sliced gyro meats.

Everything came out in 3 minutes! The traditional gyro itself was huge. The meat was juicy and tender. They also gave a lot of it in the pita. Everything was delicious in the gyro. After I ate the gyro, I was too full for my salad and sliced gyro. 

Will be back soon!笑
Removing 2 Stars.....1 for spotty service from the Greek waiter. Homeboy acted like he had a BIG stick up his behind... no customer service skills at all.

We shared the Avgolemono(Egg and Lemon Soup with chicken and rice)
good flavor, came with warm pita bread, so far so good.

wifey orders a Chicken Gyro, I go with the Chicken Shawerma, and we both share the Athenian Fries. Fries were good, But I still prefer Greek Bistro's Greek Fries seasoned with olive oil, lemon juice, and Zatar, served with a yogurt dip.

Both the Gyro and Shawerma  were made with chicken breast that was definitely grilled and sliced WAY AHEAD OF TIME, and was borderline room temp./cold( probably from lunch),
and our pita bread was cold and tough! The pita that came with our soup was hotter! For dessert, the nice waitress (who got my to-go order in my first review) was much more informative about the menu and very personable. We get the Baklava and the Bugacha.(Greek puff pastry dessert filled with vanilla(or chocolate )pastry cream. Baklava was overly sweet, but the bugacha was crisp, warm, and not too sweet. Decent ending to our pretty disappointing meal. Bad first impression for the wifey and I felt worse after
"hyping" this place up after my first visit. Hard to say if we'll be back...ALOHA!!!笑
LOVE this place,

But! Avoid the calamari it made me sick. (It's not real calamari anyway, shocking).

Try the avgolemon soup instead笑
The Best Greek Restaurant inTown! 
The food is excellent, large portions, very reasonable prices, friendly staff, great service...not much more you can ask for.
The Gyro's are stuffed to the brim, the Greek Salad is awesome (especially if you add Gyro meat) The lemon/chicken/rice soup "Avolomole" or something like that, is wonderful. 
I have never had a bad meal, if you like greek food, you will love this restaurant!笑
Been here a few times and the food has always been great and the service top notch.  Everything tastes fresh.  I would definately recommend this place笑
Excellent greek food for a fair price....

I order the pork chop, which is very fresh and tasty....it cost 14.99 plus tax...very cheap for grill pork chops. It was a thick cut. They are generous with there amount of food.

My friend order the falafal with gyros....the gyros was excellent. I don't recommend this dish because falafal is made out of bread...other than that, if you love falafal go for it.

Pros: they give you alot of food, very fresh and clean, service is excellent, staff is friendly and attentitve

Con: its in a shitty strip mall

Also they have excellent fresh desert...which i did not try

P.s. Im looking to go back and try the lamb shank笑
The Fat Greek is a great spot for Greek and Mediterranean cuisine.  Gets pretty busy for lunch during the weekdays since it's conveniently located at the northwest shopping center off flamingo and Decatur.  The food has stayed consistent since the original owner passed away and I almost always start with the avgolemeno soup (lemon chicken rice).  You can't go wrong with the gyro selection and I recommend the traditional, fat Greek or kefte kabob sandwich.  The desserts are freshly prepared and extremely delicious especially the baklava.  My favorite is the Napoleon which can be made upon order.  The decor is very Mediterranean with light blue painted walls and accents reflecting traditional Greek colors.  Definitely a hole in the wall cafe that has expanded since opening many years ago and become a staple in my diet.笑
I love Greek food!!!!  Filling and full of flavor.  No wonder they call this place the Fat Greek, I can hardly stop shoving my face when I'm there.

So, The Fat Greek was a pleasant discovery one weekend when i was strolling in a shopping center during lunch time.  It's not cozy, it's decorated in traditional blue and white, with some grapes here and there, but once you sit down you realize....you're here to eat.

The Fat Greek is family owned and operated....and they are so happy to help you choose  something wonderful from their menu.  I recommend a bottle or two of Mythos beer, (oh yeah, they have a full bar. OPA!) and the beef kabob, with a appetizer of their homemade Hummus and fresh pita's.  WORD to the taste buds.笑
Our first clue should have been that the place was almost empty, total of 6 people after us 4 walked in. Food was just not good, ordered the fat greek, greek salad, and some pork chop dish.... All misses. Bland, tasteless food. 
Service was worse than the food, we wanted to cancel the pork chop order since the other 3 orders came out a half hour before and all of us had shared our food with the person who ordered the lost pork chop; the server got an attitude and said it's already done and coming right out. Bad food, bad service. Stay away.  
No stars!!!!笑
The BF and I came for lunch. 

He ordered the Fat Greek Gyro w/ fries. He thought it was pretty good and surprised at how plentiful the meat was. Fries were crispy outside and still fluffy inside. He originally wanted to get falafel but they were out, so next time.

I got the chicken shawarma w/ Greek salad. The chicken was pretty juicy and the hummus in it was good and plentiful in meat and toppings. Salad was pretty basic, but very fresh and crisp. 

We got a baklava to share since it just got out the oven. This would have been pretty good of a pastry but the nuts tasted a little bit burnt so it was toasted a bit longer than it should have been. 

Service was friendly, but a bit slow. This though wasn't because the server wasn't doing his thing, but he was the only server with two big parties and 3 other tables. There were other people prepping and who I think is maybe an owner sitting around, but no one helped him out. 

Overall a pretty decent lunch spot.笑
Service was good and food was good. I ordered the beef and lamb kabobs which were really tasty. Our table ordered a plate of olives as an appetizer and they were good too. I would have given 5 stars but I found a hair in my salad which was pretty gross.笑
Came here because I had a Mediterranean craving and wanted some buttery rice. The normal place I go had a wedding party so we couldn't go there. 

Their rice pilaf is not buttery it's very lemony. I wasn't a big fan. I think it's funny how they have the food network playing while we eat but on mute. Kinda not a good thing when they are showing stuff that looks so moist and yummy and I get my falafel and it's extremely dry. Mind you it's my first time trying it and I am not a fan. It comes on top of hummus with a big pile of diced up tomatoes, onions and cucumber. My friend who loves falafel said it was a bit dry. I ordered the gyro meat plate and it came with the rice pilaf. Some of the meat was very dry seemed like it might have been there a while. The taziki sauce was a let down I was expecting some cucumber and hoping for a bit of mint. It was just yogurt and dill with some lime or lemon juice. My friend had the lamb shank he said it was good. The hummus was good and the pita bread soft. 

It's not a place I will be coming back too anytime soon. If I do I'll get the fries.笑
Love the food but Horrible Service!! 

I used to come here for lunch often since I work close had have spent a lot coming almost weekly. 

They need new management/training!!  If you are patient the lemon chicken rice soups and Salads are great...Im just disappointed in the service. 10-20 waiting for a carry out order is unacceptable when you have a short lunch period.笑
We ordered through Grub Hub and in order to get it quicker my daughter went to pick it up. She waited so long her phone died. One hour in she called and said they were running behind and it would be 15-20 minutes more. At the TWO HOUR mark and with her not answering calls or texts I called the restaurant.   I said I'm looking for my daughter because I haven't heard from her the lady said oh she is right here we are running behind. I said it has been TWO HOURS! She said sorry I don't know what to tell you. I asked to speak to my daughter and told her to cancel the order and come home. She told the lady who said we have to call Grub Hub to cancel. The lady got back on the phone with me and I said you have got to be kidding right? I thought my daughter had been kidnapped but instead she has been sitting there for TWO HOURS and you can't cancel the order? She said no I don't know what to tell you. I said how much longer will it be she spoke to someone, the cooks l suppose, and they said 15 more minutes. I cannot believe they would allow a customer to wait TWO HOURS and just say I don't know what to tell you, contact Grub Hub. I would contact Grub Hub but my daughter, whose phone is dead, is the one who set up the account. There are any number of ways they could have tried to make this right.  Never again will we order from here...they obviously don't value their customers. Done with Grub Hub too, as this is outlandish. I am obviously very  thankful my daughter wasn't kidnapped.笑
WOW. THIS IS A MUST VISIT. There is nothing better than good meat. And this place has it down! The portion sizes are pretty big, so I had leftovers. And I'm an eater. 
I got the Fat Greek Gyro (lamb/beef) and WOW. So much flavor. 
Hubby got the shish kabobs (one lamb one chicken) and the meat was unbelievable. 
The hummus is the bomb.
And to top it off, so well priced! Will definitely be back.笑
I've been comming here for several years now. It is ALWAYS fantastic.
Great food, great service and great prices.笑
Loved it. The table cloths and layout made you feel like you were dining in Greece. The food was probs the best Greek food I have had in a while get on board the ' chicken lemon soup ' can't remember the exact name but it was good. Hehe and you can't go wrong with the gyro, if you get a side of salad it's massive Greek salad so good.笑
Just stopped in for lunch for the first time and it definitely won't be the last! Delicious gyros (got the beef/lamb and the chicken-both were amazing!) and the Greek side salad is divine. Just the right amount of everything. Service was exceptional. It's a great find for our otherwise dreary food choices in Vegas.笑
Lule is over cooked 

Steak kabob is was luke warm

Grape leaves are meh

Service is slow... Someone left as the wait for their food was too long笑
One of the "go-to" Mediterranean joints around my work.  Am I the only one who confuses Mad Greek with Fat Greek though?  On any given day I have no idea which one is which and which one I prefer (I definitely prefer this one though).  

The first time I went here I was convinced they had the best falafels I'd ever had (then I went to Hedary's a few days later and it got bumped to #2).   I noticed Misti in her review mentioned they seemed overcooked.   I actually have experienced them this way a few times from here but happen to enjoy the flavor that the falafels get with some extra cooking once in a while.   Would now be an appropriate time for me to present you with my idea for a restaurant that only serves burnt food?   Am I the only person who would eat there?   But I digress...

So yeah, love the falafels, and love the lentil soup as well.   I've also ordered the Chicken Skewers and thought those were excellent as well.   Big chunks of juicy chicken on a skewer with sliced tomato over some rice.  What more could you want?

Service is usually fine, but a few times one of the male staff has seemed a little stand-offish to me.  Prices are fair, but not any exceptional value either.  

Bottom line is the Fat Greek is one of the better Mediterranean restaurants here in Las Vegas.   I just hope no-one ever opens a place called "The Bad Greek" anytime soon.笑
Every yelp review about this place is spot on. The food is fantastic. The service is just as good. So nice to find a place like this.笑
I struggle to see what all these reviewers saw in this place. I've had my share of wonderful Greek food, my husband is Greek and happens to be very good at cooking his mom's Greek dishes. This place was a huge disappointment in every way.

1. Service - Awful. One Russian waiter who did EVERYTHING while an old guy stood around and watched him. I saw another table ask where there food was and he said "I'm the only one here today and all these people came in at the same time", no apology, nothing. We sat for 15 minutes before our spanikopita came out. Another 20 minutes until our lunch came. At first we thought - this is what we get for going to a Greek restaurant on Greek Easter BUT this place is run by Russians! So that's not even an excuse. We did notice three other tables with Russian patrons were served much more quickly than us.

2. Food - all lukewarm. Spanikopita was like none other I've had, and not in a good way. Hardly any filling and there was crunchy stuff on the top. It was ok, but it certainly wasn't spanikopita. I had the chicken soulvaki and my husband had the lamb. Both meats were lukewarm, probably bc our waiter was spending too much time socializing with one of the Russian tables and the old guy just stood and watched as our dish got cold. The chicken was completely average, my husbands lamb was ok. The dish came with rice, which was very "wet". We each had a side salad. The salad was probably the best part of our meal. It was yummy.

3. Atmosphere - it's in a strip mall with a Food 4 Less so let's just say you should not expect it to have a great atmosphere and it certainly lived up to that expectation.

All in all, as a Vegas local we will not be back and will not recommend this place to anyone. It was a very disappointing, strange experience. It was this place or Thai, we should've gone with Thai...笑
Stop by here and we are new to this side of town we had a Greek salad and a platter the food was delicious and the service was so-so but definitely worth stopping by again. Usually when I go to Greek restaurants I expect to see menus full of pictures and exclamations of what the foods are. This was a very simple menu so checking yelp is the best way to determine what I wanted.I am quite a visual person so I wanted to see what the Greek salad would look like before I ordered it but it was not on the menu as a photo just as an explanation. So I will let you know that it was delicious and absolutely worth it. One of my favorite Greek salads is from New York City is Taim. and I always hold that in comparison to the standards.笑
When I decided on The Fat Greek for lunch I was starving! It's so hard to make a menu selection when your eyes are as big as your stomach is empty. The first thing I knew I was getting was Athenian Fries. I'm not sure how "Greek" french fries really are, but hey, they have them on the menu, the gentleman at the counter recommended them AND the owners are really Greek, so why not. I'm a sucker for Feta Cheese so the Beef/Lamb Fat Greek Gyro sounded great to me. Neither selection let me down. The Gyro was HUGE! 

The venue was very clean and the service was friendly and quick. Next time I would love to sit down and eat at the restaurant when I have time and eat only from the appetizers list. I heart Greek food, and especially love it when you know the restaurant owners are truely Greek. :)

A great seletion for quality, fresh Greek food. Yum.笑
The Fat Greek will make you just that, if you eat the oversized helpings. Wonderful wonderful eating experience.

The atmosphere has the feel of modern Mediteranean...a lovely dining experience.