Great local place for ice cream and treats. Decent prices and efficient service. 

Beat the youth baseball teams or else....Ǿ
I've lived here all my life and I've never had ice cream with this place. It was absolutely mobbed with softball teams kids on dates families taking their kids out for ice cream on a warm summer night. My only gripe and my only reason for the fourth star is the lack of parking. The line for the ice cream is so long and extends out into the parking lot and takes up some of the parking spaces. They have and up-to-date well-lit and easy to read menu with soft serve scoop and Sundays etcetera and it looks like they have for Windows in which to serve customers two in the front two on the sides. Their small size ice cream cone is a large size of most other places. So if you have a little one make sure to ask him for the kids size cone. 4 3 soft serve small and to scoop ice cream small it came out to about $12 and it was rather quick they had 8 girls working in that place at that time so they know what they're doing. Will definitely go againǾ
I've been going to King CONE for years and it's always been good with a broad selection.  It was very crowded tonight but orders were filled quickly and smoothly.Ǿ
Amazing!!

I love ice cream amd with the weather being like its been. This was exactly what I needed. 

This place is always packed. But, the staff know what they're doing so you rarely wait. 

We were even able to pick up some treats for our dogs!! They loved it. 

If you're put this way, definitely worth the stop.Ǿ
What's not to love? Friendly, efficient service, huge menu of every conceivable ice cream concoction and fun little retro vibe complete with retro music. The BF and I went with flurries and they were worlds better than a DQ blizzard, tons of tasty toppings and loaded with 'em. 5 outta 5 cones in my book!Ǿ
The best ice cream in Chardon. Beautiful building with a beautiful retro paint job. Excellent menu with the least expensive prices in town. Friendly staff, fast service, and a great location make this the perfect stop on a summer evening.Ǿ
A great place for ice cream and treats? Yes
As good as nearby DQ? Not really
Independent, locally owned, unique, satisfying? YesǾ
Great place to take the kids and pups for a cool treat. Lots of variety in both hard ice cream and soft serve. Lines can be long but they usually have two windows going so they move quick. Friendly service from the kids that work there as well.Ǿ
One of the best ice cream spots that I've ever been too!  The location isn't in the most desirable place, but the ice cream is fantastic.  They have the largest selection of Hershey's brand hard ice cream that I've ever seen.  The employees are very friendly and courteous.  Great prices and portions.  I've liked everything that I've tried so far.  We just moved here from Texas and we will definitely make this a weekly stop.