Nice place to have a poutine with their secial meat 

But when trying one of the main courses I was disappointed, i took some quinoa with fish it cost 17$, portion was small...

Service was simple nothing extraordinary...

Too bad because for the rest like poutine and hot dogs it's awesome.Ǿ
I like it here a lot. First placed I stopped on my first hour of my first visit to Montreal. Dana and Marina are great gals and very helpful! Order from the assorted selection of Unibroue beers!Ǿ
I stopped in for a bite and a beer and really enjoyed myself. Marina, was my waitress who was very friendly, welcoming and provided great service. I enjoyed the bang bang shrimp, delicious!!  I also was glad to see they also had local craft microbrew beer. I liked the Unibroue Raftman, which was a smoked ale. Thanks for a great day. I felt like I made a new friend. Wish I lived locally.Ǿ
This was a great casual place to stop for lunch on a shaded terrace on a hot day.  We were a family of 4 and everyone found something delicious and to their liking.  Fast, friendly service and good advice on the beers and the menu.Ǿ
Loved my Bulldog Caesar! It had a fried cheese stick on top. Can't beat bloody's and cheese! The beers were tasty as well. They come in 25oz bottles and are 9% alcohol. Yummy! They serve them in a tin pail with ice. Great stop on a pub crawl thru old town Montreal!Ǿ
Stopped in for some brews with thr fellas and had a blast. Their bloody Mary is awesome! Check then out if you have the opportunity! Great brews, awesome service, and cute waitresses : )Ǿ
Stopped in for lunch. They had a very good beer selection. I loved the idea of the naan-taco, so I got the Reuben naan-taco. It was great. Service was friendly. I was happy. Check it out.Ǿ
The inside is warm but also basic and bare. It's almost as if they were on a tight budget for furniture and decorations, so spent very little on it. There are lots of tables which can be pushed together, as well as a bar, so if you're in a group this might be a good place to go.

The food isn't bad, we had the mac and cheese and the Bulldog Poutine. The mac and cheese came with a piece of bread and some pico de gallo - does it go on the mac and cheese? Is it for the bread? Your guess is as good as mine, I tried it on both and it didn't go well with either. The poutine was good, they put slices of beef on it - their specialty - which is why it's called Bulldog Poutine.

They've got several local beers, I had the La Fin du Monde which was strong and smooth. For some reason they've also got PBR and Old Milwaukee. Maybe they're trying to branch out to the hipsters? Who knows.

Overall, it's a good bar to start at, and not bad, but nothing special either.Ǿ
I don't know why this place doesn't have more reviews. After walking all day, my husband and I didn't want to venture far from our hotel for dinner. We agreed to try the Bulldog since it had a great patio and reasonably priced menu. Not only was the beer selection fantastic, but we both immensely enjoyed our meals (I had the bang bang shrimp naan taco, he had a couple of jack Russell hot dogs). We both had the regular poutine and it quickly outranked any that we had had on the trip so far. Service was attentive and friendly. We definitely recommend this place and would definitely come again!Ǿ
We are from LA. The restaurant serves great hybrid of American and Quebecois food with great local beer. We thought that only fresh bier pression is the best but their bottled beer from local micro breweries are with excellent characteristics and flavor! My best recommendation is putine with Italian sausage and fries. Loco and tourists should love it!Ǿ
DEAD AT NIGHT. 
this is definitely a daytime fast food spot. The burgers aren't real - the meat patties are like McDonald's patties. We were here around 11pm and we were the ONLY customers... But the waiter and waitress still managed to ignore us and take way too long to get our orders and give us the check.Ǿ
Some of the best burgers we've had- specifically the bun. The fries were crispy and the beers were big. Good service. We were one of three groups in the restaurant so we were seated quickly. Outdoor seating is also available!Ǿ
The day was hot and we'd been touring for several hours.  We were worn out and famished.  A beer or two and something to nosh was what all of us needed.

We sat outside at Bulldog Beer House and took in the sights.  
The wait staff was very knowledgeable about their beer selection and their food.
As it was our first day in Montreal, we really had a focus on trying poutine.  Bulldog has a variety of poutine on their menu and the waitress was really patient and helpful as we made a selection.

With 20/20 hindsight, having had poutine at other restaurants after our first experience at Bulldog,here's what I can tell you.
Their standard poutine was the best we had during our visit to Montreal.
The fries were larger, almost steak cut style.  The cheese curds were underneath the blistering hot gravy, so they had melted a bit (a technique we didn't see at other spots) and the gravy was a chicken gravy, similar to a Kentucky Fried Chicken gravy.
For us, this totally hit the spot.  

Next time we're in Montreal, we'll be heading to Bulldog for more than just poutine and beer.Ǿ
OK place but very pricey.  As a non-drinker and our groups permanent designated driver I found the $4 price for a bottle of coke a bit much.  The only thing at the right price was the filtered water, which was free.  We were here to watch a Euro cup match. The atmosphere was fine but the food and the prices mean I won't return on my own. My friends were more pleased than I was due to the beer selection.  I found the meatballs to be the only thing good that I ate. The burger was like a dried out reheated McDonald's burger. Even with their meager smoked meat on top, it just wasn't worth the $11 before tax and tip.Ǿ
Good food. Amazing homemade beer. I tried the Ephemere beer cider and was excelent. Nice patio. I came in a crowed night so the service wasn't as good as expected but the overall experience was good. I would definitely come back.Ǿ
Surprised there aren't so many reviews of this place. It is downright awesome! They have a large selection of canned beers for one and 750ml bottled beers to share for two. The food was great.

This place also has. Great selection of comfort food (e.g. Hot dogs, burgers, etc.) I tried the bulldog burger and loved it! I would definitely recommend anyone visiting Montreal to go here for lunch and drink a few beers after morning exploring of Montreal. 

Pros:
Food was great. Beer selection is vast. 

Cons:
None.