We love this place!  The staff is so friendly and the food is delicious!  We take our family here every chance we get.Ǿ
Country fried steak is good here very good very friendly and polite in professional waitressǾ
Shiurie, the day shift bartender tues-fri, lights up this dark bar. She's always moving, always smiling and always making people's day. The food is consistently good and their French onion soup is salty and cheesy in the most perfect way.
The salads are big and filling and the veggie omelette is my go-to breakfast. Stop in sometime for breakfast or lunch and leave happier!Ǿ
Well, I came here with my grandparents. My grandpa and I had already eaten and we were picking my grandma up from the hotel she was at. She wanted something to eat so we stopped here. As soon as we walked in, the first thing we noticed was that there was no one at the counter. There was another lady in front of us too that was waiting to be seated. The sign they have clearly states "Hostess will seat you." Well we waited about 8 minutes. The lady in front of us left. There was a customer in the dining area who noticed us and notified the waitress. Her name was Joni. Then we got seated.

We ordered our drinks and my grandma placed her order: prime rib sandwich with a side of coleslaw and onion rings as an appetizer for all of us to share. Joni brought out the onion rings out right away. They were very tasty, I would definitely say. Joni was also quick with the refills on our drinks.

When my grandma's order came, she was a bit disappointed. The menu never specified how big the cut of prime rib was. It barely bit on the bread. She ate it anyway, and got a to-go box. The menu should specify how big it is though. Food was good otherwise.

The restaurant wasn't that busy. The section we were in had at least 4 tables taken (counting ours) out of the 20 in the room. Joni was the only one running this section. She had to cover all 4 tables. Not only that -- she had to cover the front counter as well! Honestly, I felt bad for her. She was a really nice waitress and was a hard worker it seemed. 

Goodness though Rae's, get more staff! Don't make one person do all the work!Ǿ
Stay away unless you are 87 years old or you enjoy awful food.Ǿ
Too bad we don't live in Henderson anymore! Raes was our spot to drink reasonably priced good drinking wine and of course brunch! Their steak and eggs and corned beef hash are my fave. Decent prices and good foodǾ
Can always count on a great meal here, have been a frequent for years. Close to home for us, great food and great service. This place is a great hidden find. Check it out!Ǿ
Shurie was my very friendly bartender.  I was craving soup since I'm a bit under the weather.  My first time in Rae's & it was very clean.  

Under Chicken Noodle Soup, there is an asterisk as a 'favorite' so I was like yay.  Not so yay.  It was bland which I think is tough to make Chicken Noodle soup taste totally sodium-free.  Also it was full of celery.  Yuck!  The Chardonnay was $10, no worry if it's good, but wow it was not good.  I ordered the $11 wine, but my check said $10 so not sure what kind it was now.  

The breakfast menu portion looked good and there were regulars, however, if that's a 'favorite' and you mess it up, then I wonder about the rest of their food. The stars are only for the bartender being nice and quick.  I don't think I'll be back.Ǿ
Hard to even give two stars. Place is dirty, choices are limited and food is just ok. Don't order a soda - either their machine and lines are filled with gunk or they just don't know how to dial it in but it tastes awful.Ǿ
Great breakfast and lunch the steak and eggs is the bomb.Ǿ
Worst Thanksgiving meal ever. They used a turkey roll instead of real turkey. Everything was covered in the gravy which had so much salt ,inedible. Pumpkin pie was barely defrosted, service was good but I felt ripped off for such poor food.Yuk!!!!!!!!!!!Ǿ
Raes food and service are awful. I have gone there since 1995 and it's gone downhill. The owner is a very mean and nasty old lady. Food quality and value are poor!!Ǿ
I love this place I have been going forever to occasionally grab food but the lady sitting at the table eyeing you coming in is not so cool even though the food is great its the only place I constantly get chicken fingers with ranch and a side of the hot sauce even though I am an adult!!! But the comments about the owner seem accurate as well as the service so I must love the nostalgia it gives me but I still come to this places pence in awhile but for the same price there are definitely funner places with at least equal food and better service and no old lady eyeing you up and down when you walk in!!!Ǿ
The food was never spectacular and the service is appalling. I was wanting to play a machine that no one was on and the manager told me that it was "reserved for real players, not people who play coins". I have come here twice before and dealt with this ornery bartender/manager before and her behavior was conducive of this "your money isn't worth it" attitude despite playing between $20 and $100 at a time, and ordering food by her suggestions. Don't waste your time or money on this grungy, crass, hole-in-the-wall. Pts downs the street will at least treat u with respect.Ǿ
Delicious food, friendly staff, quick service. Cleanliness was less than perfect, but far from disgusting. Prices were reasonable, especially for breakfast for two. I would highly recommend this place for a date or a small group.Ǿ
I don't think the servers could have been any grumpier or rude. Ruined the whole experience. We will not be returning.Ǿ
You know, I'm surprised over these other reviews.

Sure the layout is bit awkward, the lighting is always a tad bad, and the negotiations needed to grab a table is a bit disappointing, but I do love me some Rae's.

First off, it's a Bar and Grill.  And it's always pretty empty when I'm there.  The owner/lady is always sitting in the same booth going over whatever owners/ladies do in a restaurant.  I don't know if it's unprofessional, but it is a little poor in taste seeing her on a phone with stacks of paperwork in front of her - and it's one of the first things I saw.

I've frequented this place dozens of times because the food, despite the fact that it's a Bar and Grill, is severely underrated.  I've had the chicken fingers, the taco salad, the tuna melt, the hamburger (with bleu cheese crumbles is the way to go), the fish and chips, and prime rib:  all are very good.  All are well flavored.  Put it this way: I've never had something here I didn't like a lot.

Speed of service isn't terrible, but it can work in your favor if you have nowhere to be.  A gripe here is the cups.  They are so small (12 ounces-ish) that I feel like I'm at the kid's table.  Wouldn't be a problem if A) I wasn't thirsty ever again or B) the waitress was more attentive.

All of this to say:  Is it my favorite place?  No.  Would I want to frequent it every day?  No.  But based on how close I do work to Rae's, it's not bad.  And I usually leave there (despite the atmosphere and mediocre service) pretty satisfied.  Try it out?  Could be good.Ǿ
I stopped in here around 2pm on a Sunday afternoon. It was recommended by a friend's dad, who said they had a great prime rib sandwich.

When you walk in the door there is a small dining room area off to the right, and then the gaming bar to the left. It's kind of dark in there. Big U shaped gaming bar. It wasn't very crowded while I was there, maybe 5-6 other patrons.

I ordered the prime rib sandwich, and it came out with a side of cole slaw and a mistaken side of fries. Bonus!!! It's corn fed prime rib so it was pretty flavorful, just a tad overcooked for me (I like it rare to medium rare). Served on a sourdough bread that is soaked in au jus, the flavors were really good together and I wolfed it down like Leonardo Di Caprio eating raw deer liver in Revenance. 
The cole slaw was really good too, a little creamy like I like it. Grand total of $11 and change including my ice tea drink. Well worth the money!

I would definitely come back and try a few other menu items that looked good. Service was quick and friendly. Just a cool little neighborhood bar located on Wigwam and Pecos.Ǿ
We we're very disappointed St. Patrick's Day. The one day they make corn beef. We ordered the Milehigh pastrami on rye and it was more like an eighth of a mile high and dry. Last year was great and it was like a Milehigh, oh what a difference a year can make.Ǿ
My girlfriend and I went there for lunch today. When we walked in it  looked  nice enough . We asked the waitress if the food was good and she said that it was. I ordered the fried chicken at her recommendation and my girlfriend ordered a hamburger patty and french fries. The hamburger came out medium well even though she ordered it medium. I ordered the fried chicken which came out very crispy and very dry. So all in all we were very disappointed. The high point was the french fries, they were great as was the coleslaw. We probably won't be going back.Ǿ
Awesome service, food and prices. Thoroughly enjoyed our most recent visit. Have been there before and will certainly return. From hostess to server to barkeep, kudos everyone.Ǿ
After being in Las Vegas for 1 year My fiance and I decided to try Raes.  We don't even call it Raes anymore we call it Our Bar.  I definitely wish we would have dropped in earlier.  The bartender Patti could very well be the greatest bartender ever.  The food is great and the machines play fair.  My fiance hit two royals this year. And my favorite game 4 card keno has been pretty kind as well.  Definitely recommend.Ǿ
for Joni !! She is an absolute delight. Rae's is a favorite go to breakfast location of mine and Joni is a major reason why. She is always friendly, and personable, helping many customers with ease....and humor.  Joni is such an asset to Rae's.....a great compliment to to the excellent food.Ǿ
My wife and I met 2 other couples here at our reserved time of 6 pm on Valentine's eve, 2/14/17. The hostess/owner made us wait in the lobby for about 15 minutes with two other couples while she farted around directing the bussers in the basics of clearing TWO tables. When she FINALLY got back to us, first ones there/last ones to be seated, I was ready to LEAVE!    This confused woman needs to hire a real "hostess" who has a clue about greeting & seating customers. This place was maybe ONE QUARTER occupied, yet this woman simply ignored her guests STEWING in the lobby in favor of some petty table bussing problem. After this GRIM welcoming experience and we were seated, a large (not "fat") lady told us she would be our waitress and would be right with us. When she finally found second gear she turned out to be the most fantastic waitress I have ever had the pleasure of being served by. I didn't catch her name but she seemed to be the only employee I saw there that was alive.  We all ordered their "FISH & CHIPS" and were DELIGHTED with the meal. My wife and I ordered ONE ORDER and shared it. It was $12 and plenty for us both. I have never had any better food anywhere in my 75 years but that "hostess/owner" needs to retire and stay away from that property before it gets boarded up. If it weren't for that BATTLEAX "hostess" I would rate this place with another star.Ǿ
Raes is in a class of its own!  Outstandingly. Food! Great prices!  But why is this place always empty? I'll tell ya why. They always have one server working her ass off while the owner is sitting in her ass as you enter! ? As a corporate manager in the food business industry! It's a big downfall in the business! Get it together or you'll be shutting your doors for good!Ǿ
I have been a customer of Rae's for several years and never thought about writing a review. Dumb! I go there for lunch regularly with a disabled relative who always leaves happy and full. Recently, I have been meeting 3 cranky Republicans there for breakfast. They also leave happy and full that alone should be worth 5 stars!
The server, Joanie (hope I spelled that right) is the true gem at this place. The food is great but really 4 star rating. Joanie, however, kicks the score up to 6 but 5 is the highest I can go.Ǿ
Decent service, decent food.  Just the right amount of food.  Didn't care for the coleslaw though.  A little bland.Ǿ
What can one say...
Been going here for YEARS ...Reasons:
Robin the bartender (all are good, but she really makes it feel like your the only one there)
The FOOD!:  off the HOOK...  Really for a Bar - your never think FOOD could be this good in a BAR environment.  Things are made with CARE and THOUGH - by a CHEF I presume (or my mom is moonlighting).  Imagine THAT!
Games:  OK...first place I have ever hit 10k before or after RAE'S.  And I've done it more than once there... Just sayn. No haters!  Come n hit for yourself.  One of the few places that has the step up payoffs on jackpots!!! Pay 10 coins and get EXTRA!!!!
Did I mention Robin?  One of the best tenders in the biz... Either she's a great actress (academy awards?) or she's the real deal... Yep. The real deal...
Don't walk but run if you want GREAT SERVICE-EXCEPTIONAL FOOD-and some extra duckets in you pockets!
I'm a FAN!Ǿ
Ok...Generally, I'm not one to toot horns for a restaurant...good or bad...However, as one of the first customers to frequent Rae's, going back to 1993...I feel somewhat compelled to set the record straight. 

Being in a commercial strip center, from the outside, it may look like any one of a hundred Bar & Grills in the area, but step inside and you realize this is one nice Restaurant-Lounge. I've always appreciated the fact that the restaurant and lounge area are totally separate, a real plus when you gotta bring the kids along. The decor is tasteful, intimate, and relaxed with cozy booths for the most part plus huge aquariums that set off the restaurant and lounge areas, which I find quite relaxing while dining... and neat for the kids too! 

Has the restaurant had its ups n' downs? Sure... What restaurant hasn't in this economy? But, the one thing that has kept me (and my family)coming back time and again, year after year, is the consistently good, fine food and friendly service... 

The same beer-battered Fish N' Chips I fell in love with back in '93 is still there today...and as tasty as ever. Personally, I'm not big too big on seafood, but my wife raves about the Tilapia, from the Early Bird Dinner menu...As a beef and potatoes guy, my favorites are the Prime Rib and Filet Mignon which I believe rank as good , if not better, than any of the other "fine dining" restaurants charging so much more.

Speaking about price, I don't know of too many other sit down family restaurants, where you can get a N.Y. Steak & Eggs breakfast for only $5.95 or complete dinners for as little as $8.95. 

Last year we had a 25th Wedding Anniversary dinner party for about 40 in their private dining banquet room that was just about perfect from start to finish...and, they even waived the usual room charge for the banquet which made it even sweeter. 

Am I a fan of Rae's?...You Bet!...Ǿ
Wish I had something positive to say. The bartender was so rude! Don't waste your time. We we will never go back...Ǿ
I've been eating there for over six years. When I first walked in, I was really glad to find that the seating was very comfortable. Couldn't help but notice that the waitress joni was very pro & attentive - definitely, one of the best waitresses I have ever run into. One of my favorite things is their Steak and Egg breakfast. The steak is really good quality. I once tried the fried 1/2 chicken at lunch and It was really tasty, full of flavor. Dinner was really great too, I went on a night they had prime rib. It was excellent. When at the bar, I decided to try their basic hamburger and it was large, with veggies, really tasty - reasonably priced. Also, noticed that besides they serve cocktails, they are also open 24 hours. Recently, they're serving breakfast till 3pm which is a really convenient for me, as sometimes, I have to eat a late breakfast. I've tried quite a few places in town and this one is well worth it.Ǿ
This place is my go-to whenever I eat breakfast. The food is good and reasonably priced, table and floor are clean and the servers are very friendly.Ǿ
Rae's takes way to long to get there food to the table. The owner and waitress where very nice but we waited an hour for our food to get to are table this is not a place for a quick lunch at allǾ
The prime rib was so small that is wasnt worthy of a sandwich slice let alone a main protein on the plate.  The rice had such hard pieces in it that I almost chipped a tooth.  Have been good customers for 3 years but we sadly will not be back again.....