So this is my first time at this location. Me and my handsome other stopped by here on Superbowl day at about 3:30 or so. I just got the classic burger and he got a double something or another with pepper jack and bacon. They misheard his order since he said no onion but they thought he said he wanted onion rings so they made his a combo. Upon realizing that he had spoken too fast they corrected the burger and I ended up eating the onion rings and they brought him an order of fries  to make up for the mess up. He also ordered a shake later on. The burgers were both amazing and the onion rings and fries were both the perfect amount of crispy. The only thing that I did not really like is the fact it was about $20 for the meal. Which to me is too much to pay at a fast food restaraunt for a basic burger and a more complex burger meal.Ǿ
Had lunch here today and there wasn't much that stood out.  It's right next to the Chandler Mall Harkins, so we decided to stop by.  The burger I ordered was good enough (the classic) but the fries were sub-par and were limp, un-salted, and flavorless.  My sister's swiss-mushroom burger was super greasy (the bun was soaked and dripping wiith grease)... looked gross.  Their chocolate milkshake we all shared, we agreed, was tasty and thick...

It was OK for me.. nothing that was special or unique eating here for me.Ǿ
They have the best milk shakes. I will not go anywhere else for one. They come in one size, and it's huge. They are under $3, can't beat that.  The workers are super friendly too.Ǿ
+++ This business has closed +++

Johnny Rockets is replacing JR Burger Grill at this location (Aug 23, 2013)Ǿ
They goofed up my order and had to remake it. By the time I got my food most of my friends were close to done eating... They made up for it by giving me a free next meal. I guess we'll see if I use it.Ǿ
I had no idea this was a Johnny Rockets. I was over looking the receipt and saw the name on the bottom, I was surprised. Besides that, the restaurant was very clean & looked good. The burgers definitely had a good taste of them, but the fries were a bit salty. The drink station was pretty cool, there were about eight different flavors to enhance your drinks. Overall, next time I want a burger and I'm in the area I will probably stop here versus anywhere else. Great job JR aka Johnny rocketǾ
The food is the same, but the retro experience I love is lost at this location. It's not sit and serve; it's pay, sit, serve. It's closer to a Smash Burger experience than a true JRockets :(Ǿ
Service was OK, felt like the cook was making it in our angry about something. Fries came cold, burgers not representative of how they appear on the menu. Also, none of the regular Johnny Rockets flair and service that you see at other locations was present. You might want to pick a better location.Ǿ
Friend ordered at 2:34pm. About 10 people total including us in the restaurant. After 40 minutes, decided to check on food. Realized 3 other people were waiting 45 minutes. Workers didnt even acknowledge or talk to me at the counter so i sat down. 5 minutes later, I got my burger without the sauce on the side I ordered and cold fries. My friend still had no food. After 10 minutes waiting at the counter behind 2 other people complaining of cold food or no food, I was spoken to. I was nice about it. Then I got my sauce and ate the burger before it got cold. After 58 minutes total waiting, my friend got his chicken tenders and fries. I also received my fries. No one apologized nor checked to see if the food was okay. Total service time was 58 minutes and it was not even busy. They also had a good amount of staff working. I managed a corporate McDonald's for 4 yrs in college, there is no reason besides pure lazyness and indifference for this experience. NEVER EAT HERE! Tried to submit post with no stars, but it's not allowed.Ǿ
Dissapointing. Gone is all the fun things that made it tolerable to buy a 10 burger. Counter ordering, no singing, and the experience of being in a diner is gone. As well as having a very limited beverage selection. My burger came cooked so far past well it was crazy, like a gray cardboard puck. 

Ob the plus side everyone working there was friendly.Ǿ
I'm a celiac and its nearly impossible to find french fries out.  Johnny Rockets has a dedicated frier just for fries!  My first visit I closely questioned the young man behind the counter, and to assure me, he summoned the manager who assured me that the frier was ONLY used for fries and that they contained no gluten products, or dairy, or egg.  While I was talking to both of them, the man cooking went to the freezer to read the ingredients for me.  They were safe and I was one happy fry consumer.  

A few weeks after this I was back ordering more fries.  The same young man was on the counter, and he brought our fries and burger (mine on lettuce) and just as I was reaching for a fry, he swooped back and snagged them off the table.  Turns out this batch had been cooked in the wrong frier, something the manager caught!  I was given a new safe portion of fries and a free coupon for fries.  Talk about customer service!

Yes, their burgers are a bit on the bland side, but with the right condiments they are tasty.  Considering how hard it is for me to eat out due to all of my food allergies, this place is awesome.  I get "fast" food that is safe, and nicely priced.Ǿ
Taste is better than presentation.  Burger didn't come out looking like the picture on menu, order of fries was small for upgrade you pay, and the restaurant could use some cleaning up for a slow week night. But like I said, taste was not bad. Bread was buttery and 1/3 lb of meat is a lot to make you full.  They do offer birthday deals so go on their website and sign up.Ǿ
Johnny Rockets at the Chandler Fashion Center..... DIRTY, the eating area and bathrooms dirty. Two employees behind the counter and manager sitting at his desk with his back toward his customers, it was not busy we arrived at 5 pm on a Sunday.  There was one table with three people having drinks. We ordered our food at the counter- different. I used the facilities before our dinner came. No paper towels in paper towel holder the floor was dirty bits of paper scattered throughout the bathroom floor, looks like the bathroom area  had not been cleaned in quite a while.  The lobby was just a dirty as the bathroom. One emplyee did come out to empty out the trash can in the lobby however was called back to the counter for what ever reason the trash can sat in the lobby filled with trash for 10 minutes, one emplyee did walk thru the lobby noticed the trash and walked right by it not once but twice! Finally the original person who started taking out the trash came back to finish the job. Not once did the manager walk thru the lobby  to see if it was tidy. Two thumbs down will not be retuning back to this Johnny Rockets. Aside from being dirty the burgers where good the onion rings not good a disappointment. Also did not like how they brought out our french fries and onion rings first then later brought out our burgers.Ǿ
I stopped by here because I had fond memories from back when I was a youngin (like, 12 years ago).  I don't know if it's all Johnny Rockets, or just this one, but things had changed.  This is no longer a sit-down type restaurant.  You order at the counter, get a number, and they bring you your food.  That's fine, but not as nice.

They used to have little jukeboxes on each table, and you could feed nickels into them to play songs, but this location does not have those, which again, is a bummer.

Finally, the food is good, but nothing special: cooked properly, but more fast-foodish than I recall.

Overall I was disappointed, but only because I had set greater expectations than seemed to have been accurate.  The staff were friendly and helpful, the place was clean, and the food was good.  It just wasn't special.Ǿ
This location is a class act. Robert is amazing. Big smile, great customer service and super friendly. Best experience I have ever had at a local burger joint! Thanks Robert!