Good place to sit and catch up with a friend while people watchingǾ
I love the menus at Aroma, no matter what the location; but, it's the people at Yonge & Pleasant that make the big difference.  Arta, Katelynn & the team are super efficient and are a pleasure to see every morning!  Today was the one-year anniversary and what a treat to receive a free coffee to celebrate.  Thanks everyone!Ǿ
Horribly expensive for what you get. Paid over $13 got two cold eggs one slice of undercooked turkey bacon. Coffee and some bread. I will never be back.Ǿ
The only Aroma I have been in which lacked that Aroma laid-back vibe.  Very stiff sort of a place.  Slim pickings in terms of choices.  Strong smell of butter coming from the kitchen - maybe I went there too early (around 8:15 a.m. on a Saturday).  Maybe I missed the good stuff.  Not my first choice.Ǿ
Mediocre and formulaic. The drinks seem to be manufactured and very artificial. Their food is bland and generic. There are much better options out there.Ǿ
I was appalled by the worn out seats. It's a terrible first impression. It's unfortunate, given it's not as busy an Aroma Espresso Bar location.

The lentil soup is consistently good. This time around, I had a chai latte. Although too sweet for me, it hit the spot.Ǿ
My first time at an Aroma Expresso bar and I loved it. It is a refreshing change from Starbucks, and although I am not a fan of franchised anything, I really enjoyed the ambiance, service and fresh products this location had to offer. Yes they have pastries and snacks, but it was the coffee I came for and they did not disappoint. I went with something very simple. An Expresso with a some vanilla icecream. Simple, but very delicious. I am sold and will definitely try one of their other locations sometime soon!Ǿ
Sourly disappointing. 
Katelynn is PHENOMENAL. She is genuine, courteous, professional, happy, hardworking. 
The weekend kitchen staff is too slow.  
My sister and I have been LOVING Aroma for years. I don't think there's many places that beat those Alfajores, but the staff here can keep you waiting for up to 20min for a single drink and snack. 
The owner seems perpetually irritated, stressed and unhappy; which is the last thing you want to receive with your morning coffee :(
I think overall we get the impression that Katelynn runs the show and carries the weight of the rest.
Also $10 for a basic breakfast sandwich on toast is pretty steep.

Update: Today I waited 15min for a burnt bureka :(
I wish there was decent coffee in this neighbourhood from a small locally owned shop to support? Any suggestions?

Tried them again August 14th: another burnt bureka; and the chef got our order wrong 3 times. Think I give up.

My sister loves Aroma too much, so we went once more: Elena is REALLY efficient, professional, polite, mature. Nicolette interrupted me several times when taking my order. She simply could not withdraw from her script. The bread they make sits out in the open near the ceiling uncovered. My toast was not toasted, but the crust was hard enough to break a tooth on.Ǿ
Had a terrible breakfast. Ordered scrambled eggs and toast. I got cold, over cooked fried eggs, with regular bread. Coffee is fine but don't order the food. 
My daughters hot chocolate also terrible.Ǿ
Hmm...

This area is kinda devoid of grab and go options like pizza so when I needed a bite before a class, it was either this or Starbucks. 

I usually avoid Aroma because I find it hella $$$$ but I was desperate. It was $9 for a Canadiano (like an americano but more bitter) and a piece of mediocre Carrot Cake. 

The sandwiches looked good but again they are a bit on the pricey side. While I appreciate that they are made to order , it's also tough when you just want to grab and go.