Slow service, average sushis (due to the rather poor quality of the fish), I will not come back.Ǿ
Great sushi.. And great customer service..all staff was very nice..and sushi was really good.. Strongly recommend.. Try the snapper appetizer..it's delicious..Ǿ
I'm very surprised by the negative review. This was perhaps the best sushi spot I have ever been to and I have been to some very good ones in places like California, Chicago, and NY. The quality and creativeness of the dishes here are top notch. A little pricey, but worth it. I'll definitely return on my next trip there.Ǿ
Over priced, run of the mill sushi. It is advertised in local hotels as "The Best Sushi in Town" that is an overstatement! Not worth the price. There are many other and better sushi restaurants in town. Their service is very, very slow. We were there on a Friday at 8:00 pm with reservations, we had requested a window and did not get it, instead we were seated in the middle of the ile in a tiny table, not to comfortable. The service was ok at best, the sushi was ok, and the prices were over the roof.Ǿ
My experience with this place was pretty bad.

1. We waited for a whole hour to get our food. Including 40 minutes for an appetizer which by no means required much cooking.
2. Sashimi was not great. Either the fish was not fresh, or it originally was so so. 
3. Sushi rolls, although wrapped in a complex manner, tasted bland. It wasn't much of a surprise given that even the fish they used for sashimi was not good.
4. The only thing that arrived promptly was tea. Which was not a good thing, because there weren't any leaves inside the teapot. Which means it didn't have enough time to infuse. Neither could we ask for a refill of hot water in the same teapot which is customary with good oriental teas.
Another thing that it meant was the tea got cold within half an hour, and as we didn't get ANY food by then, our original intention to have it WITH the food didn't have much chances to fulfill.
5. Lastly, when the tea was served, the waiter didn't even care to pour it into our cups. We thought that he meant for it to infuse longer, but as I mentioned, there were no leaves in the teapot. It's not something one would expect from a prententiously looking oriental restaurant.
6. One more thing. They couldn't make a mojito for us, although they did have mint leaves and tons of various alcohol. Even if they didn't have a proper syrup, they didn't bother to offer any replacement cocktail. Just plain "no".

Based on the above, one could assume it might have been a rush hour. But no. They only had one or two more tables to serve. It seemed like the kitchen wasn't really working when we came in, and no one cared to warn us. Or they were busy wrapping those sushi rolls for the whole hour.

I guess, we shouldn't have expected much from a restaurant located next to several big hotels. It just serves overpriced "okay" food. But the service we got was below any reasonable expectations.
Now I can't help but wonder if the name should be really pronounced as F.U.shi.

The restrooms were nice though.Ǿ
If you've ever been to downtown Montreal, you'll know that you can find good food in a lo of places, but it's hard to find good sushi in Montreal (at least from my experience).

Fushi is as good as it gets. The fish is fresh, the rolls are unique (sometimes a little too unique I may add), and the presentation is gorgeous. Every time I'm in Montreal I try to come here. Great atmosphere, and friendly service.