The food was not particularly delicious (went for a sandwich - can't even remember what is was now, so no permanent impression there), but the staff was friendly, the view was excellent, and the place was neat and cosy. A good place for a "pit stop" if you are taking a walk in the surroundings.Ǿ
Cramond Falls Cafe
April 7/2015

This sweet wee cafe is a treasure. Plenty of seating outside (great for dog owners), and lovely seating inside.

Sat on the big sofa inside; wonderful seat. They have heated coconut with honey available on the menu. It was stunning! See attached photo. 

My sister and I really had a lovely time. Even stayed longer to have a tea after we finished our morish soup. 

Our waitress was fluid, thoughtful and attentive. Marjena was her name. 

4 stars. 

A bit frantic when one waitress down/off sick that day, but they all handled it super well.Ǿ
A very cute cafe with friendly, down to earth service. it almost feels like you're in the country somewhere.
It has that eclectic feel.

Has indoor seating as well as an outdoor garden with covered and open tables. 
Have gone there before for tea/coffee and cake and finally had the chance to stop in for lunch. The food is as good as all the desserts!Ǿ
Good coffee, delightful service and the best cheese scone I have eaten in Edinburgh.

It's in a great spot next to the water and worth a few extra minutes walk from the beach as coffee spots there are rather average to say the least!

Will definitely be back to try their breakfast.
Oh, and the fireplace! Mustn't forget the fireplace :)Ǿ
Haven't stayed here but popped in to the attached Cramond Falls Cafe for a tea on the way up the River Almond path from Cramond to Barnton. Service behind the counter was wee bit hectic and small change seemed to be a minor issue + I'm still convinced I was undercharged. Generally though a pleasant spot to pit stop at when out for a trek round the neighbourhood.Ǿ
i can see the charm - unbeatable location on a fresh Spring day after a brisk walk - but the service was shambolic inc staff shouting/snapping at each other.  Rescued by a calm and friendly (American?) waitress who was helpful and attentive.  The coffee was nothing to write home about.  I will reserve my judgement on the cakes and pastries as I didn't go for the scones, which seem to be the thing they are known for.  Let's hope I just caught them on a bad day.