My family and I have been going to Little Sicily for years.  We have dozens of wonderful family memories from this restaurant.  The pizza is amazing and the atmosphere has always been inviting.  We were nervous when the restaurant was bought by the new owners, George and Michael.  Well, my concerns were quickly put to rest.  We took the kids on a Monday night two days before school started to cheer them up.  We typically go on Friday and they are busy.  Monday was slow and the new owner, George, gave the kids a tour of the kitchen, showed them how he made the pizzas, allowed them to help.  They were absolutely thrilled.  After years of great service, this was our best experience yet......very family friendly.  They really appreciate their customers.笑
First time at Little Sicily after recommended by a friend. Had a Chicago style pizza.  Very good, kinda different with the red sauce on top. Sauce is tasty, but not overly spicy. Great service. Lots of folks picking up carry out orders.

Had a large pizza, only able to eat about a slice and a half. Had enough for two more dinners.  Will be going back to this place often笑
Great mid west style pizza. Crispy crust, lots of toppings, with the cheese over the toppings. If you are used to a NY style pizza that's soft and cut in wedges this is very different. I grew up in Minnesota eating this type of pizza. I spent the last 15 years eating the NY style in Seattle. It's so good to have this type of pizza back. I can't wait to try the sandwiches and pastas on the menu. Stop by and enjoy a pie!笑
I took my family here for my birthday two weeks ago. We were blown away with everything we ordered, especially the garlic white pizza. 

Excellent food from excellent people.笑
Probably the worst pizza i've had in a long time. Sloppy, too much cheese and under-cooked.  Do yourself a favor and go across Reems rd to Ray's pizza and get yourself a top-notch pizza pie.笑
Great service, nice menu of good basic Italian dishes made tasty and homemade. Definitely going back for more!笑
Great beef and sausage, we will be coming back here family. The owner Mike is a kick.笑
Byob, decent prices,amazing deep dish pizza and lovely customer service! Definitely coming back!笑
Looking for a true taste of Chicago?  Stop by Little Sicily for a thin crust pizza. They even cut it in squares! We plan to visit again to try their deep dish style. And they have pictures of the '85 Bears and Cows on Parade!笑
First time here today ! Loved it! Loved the fried ravioli and stuffed pie - couldn't even finish a full piece!笑
Born and raised of Italian parents in a south Chicago suburb you might guess that my favorite food is Italian, hands down. I've ate true, homemade, Italian food all my life and have found it difficult finding this type of food when living away from home. I won't stand for anything less.
A few months back I met a gentleman who had similar experiences searching for a good Italian restaurant. He told me my search was over when he told me about Little Sicily's. I didn't waste too much time getting over there to place a carry out order for an Italian beef. Deeelicious!
First off this crew is Italian so they know how this type food is suppose to taste. Like me they grew up on Italian food, learned how to prepare it therefore, they come with original family recipes.
This beef was just that, original Italian. They serve it on a delicious Italian style long bun and it has a ton of meat on it. I had the roasted sweet peppers on it that compliments the original seasoning nicely. One of the most important ingredients on an Italian beef is the beef stock that it's cooked in, gotta have it. Since this beef was a carry out these guys put plenty of this stock nicely packaged in plastic cups with secure lids. Didn't have to tell them and to me this shows  they're professionals and know the business. I want to make sure I don't forget to mention that Mike and George are down to earth and super friendly. It was my first time there and they talked with me as if I was a regular. They made me feel right at home.
I'm anxious to get back over there and try something else but that's going to be a monumental task for me because I love it all and have not made up my mind as of yet, ahh decisions, decision's.

Bon appetite!!笑
Here's the deal: if you like thin crust, crispy pizza, like I do, THIS IS THE PLACE FOR YOU. Size of the pizza is good for the price, and the quality supersedes it. Definitely will be coming back!笑
Great deep dish pizza , Chicago style.  The owner  (Dominic?) is always there and I love supporting a locally owned business.  Service is good, but there are a few little quirks (like a sign warning people not to share beverages).   Italian Beef sandwiches also very good here.   BYOB is allowed / encouraged. Tried a couple of other pizza places nearby and they just cannot compare to Little Sicily.笑
I've been there several times now, and every time was great. Had the veal twice. Had the meatloaf. Had the spaghetti and meatballs. Had a veggie pizza. All were great. I especially like their marinara sauce. It's not overpowering as in so many other Italian restaurants, and lets you enjoy the food. Now I'm about to pick up a pizza with anchovies included. Not too many places include them anymore. My mouth is already watering. Watch out, however, for your fresh pizza. It will burn the roof of your mouth if you don't let it cool a bit.笑
Still the best pizza in the Surprise area. Closest pizza to good joints back in the Chicago suburban area. Tried a few more over the past few years and keep coming back here.笑
Had a medium Canadian bacon pineapple.  Very good, quality cheese, did to go, took them 30-40 minutes (Friday).  The place was packed!笑
Went back to Little Sicily tonight a got a meat lovers, oh man another great pie... Got to figure out how to marry into this family...lol

People go try this pizza you will not be disappointed , I'm working my way down the menu so more reviews are coming down the line..笑
This is by FAR the best pizza in Surprise. I am from Chicago and I have been searching and searching for good Chicago pizza! I was so happy when I found this place. The people who work there are charming and I like that I can bring my own drinks. I highly recommend Little Sicily!笑
Simply no bullshit good Chicago-style pizza.
Not the deep-dish heart-attack but the nice crisp crust, square-cut, cheesy goodness. Although deep and double-dough variations are tastily available.
The beef steak sandwiches and stuffed peppers are awesome as well.
Great prices, no need to order extra cheese here, they don't skimp.
Good stuff.
Highly recommended!
Shit. Now I'm hungry for it!
Go get some!笑
Best pizza in the west valley. It's a Chicago pizza made by people from Chicago. I love the place.  Everything on the menu it's great. Italian beefs, Chicago dogs. I've been there tons over the years. I go twice a month at least.笑
Beef Sandwich!  Beef Sandwich!  Beef Sandwich!  

This place has the best Beef 
Sandwich west of Al's Beef in Chicago! The beef is tender, the gravy is nicely seasoned, and the bread is outstanding! 

Pizza is a solid choice too. I haven't tried anything other than the pizza and the Beef Sandwich because I am so infatuated with...you guessed it...BEEF SANDWICH! 

Small restaurant cranking out BIG food!

Beef Sandwich! Get two. You'll be happy you ordered a second after finishing the first!

Remember. 
Beef.
Sandwich.笑
Real, Sicilian Pizza and Italian beef! If you're from Chicago or Northern Illinois this is the place to go. Small sit down area. It seems like the carry out business is big, but they treat you well inside too. So glad I found this, thanks to another Yelper!笑
My boyfriend and I went here with it being our first time trying Chicago style pizza and we enjoyed it. The staff is very friendly and the food was good. We got the pepperoni Chicago style pizza.笑
This place has really good pizza, it's Chicago style delicious, we've been coming here since the previous owner and we mostly take to go.笑
Pizza is not the only thing they do good, try the Italian beef, it is awesome笑
Amazing little place. Loved the warmth of the owner  and the rest of the staff. The food is out of this world!! We ordered the Meat and Mixed Ravioli along with Fried Zucchini and salad. Truly awesome!!

Highly recommend this place!!笑
Got a pizza today from here. Not Good. The pizza dough isn't good and the cheese is like rubber, not good quality cheese. Guess they have survived because of the lack of taste buds by the Sun City residents. $20 for an XL pizza is $6 too much. They claim It's Chicago pizza,  maybe thats the problem. People from Chicago think they know pizza and they don't. Not a fan of their pizza, gross.笑
We had our toddler grandchild with us and were looking for lunch. Decided on pizza and this was a great choice!

The restaurant staff were lovely people, they went out of their way from ordering to providing a little "play" dough for the grandchild to serving a piping hot pizza.

We enjoyed a XL pepperoni pizza and three drinks. The total bill was $24.

PS: When I was searching for a pizza restaurant I read a one star rating for this restaurant. After our experience today I am wondering why such a pompous ass would have even walked in the door of Little Sicily.笑
Good antipasta salad.  Good dressing.  Pizza disappointing.  Sauce too sweet and too bland.  Again with the canned mushrooms!  One of these days Ill learn to ask.  If we return I would try a hoagie.笑
We got the Chicago pan and stuffed pizzas. Both were the smaller size. Plenty of food for 4 people. You will have leftovers guaranteed. Pizzas were great. Was the Chicago style deep dish I was craving. A little pricey but that's what you get for a mom and pop pizza place making custom style Chicago deep dish pizzas. Highly recommend笑
As a Chicago native it's good to know there is a true Chicago establishment that serves food here in the valley just like back home! I have tried both kinds of pizza thin & deep dish and they both are delicious! We always get the appetizer platter with the zucchini, mushrooms and onion rings and garlic bread. Yummy! My husband enjoys the Italian beef & says it tastes like home! They also have byob which is nice because you don't see that too often. The owners are always nice and my favorite waitress April is fantastic. They treat you like family! I wish I could give higher ratings than a 5 because this place deserves it!笑
It's a byob restaurant that's family owned and it's amazing. They treat everyone with respect and enjoy your company. The best Chicago deep dish pizza I have ever had, outside of Chicago.笑
Hubby and I went out for "date night" and we like to choose "mom and pop"/ local places to support. I ordered Spag with sausage and he ordered Chicken Parm. Sausage was very tasty but spag lacked much seasoning (people! don't be afraid of garlic!). Chick parm had a tasty coating but again, the sauce needed some pizazz. Price was reasonable and incl a good, little salad, and yummy breadsticks. People next to us ordered a pizza which looked fab so we will try that and wings next time there. Service was standard but nothing to rant about and no one asked if we liked the meal. Oh well. We will give 'em another try though.笑
Pizza is fine. I like it. But it needs more way more sause. Service is good. Good environment. Relaxing笑
The staff was very nice and friendly but I found the food to be average and slightly over priced.笑
Pizza just like at home! Their wings are awesome also.笑
I tried to place an order over the phone and the woman was SO rude about my questions on a menu item. She intentionally made me feel like an idiot for asking what "normally comes on an Italian beef sandwich" when she gave me the options for toppings.笑
The food is not good. Such poor quality and bland. I have had frozen pizza that has tasted fresher. The salad dressing ....gross...how are you an Italian place and your Italian taste like generic brand store bought dressing. How are these people ok with serving such flavorless bland poor quality food...and especially Italian ...seriously...come on.笑
Excellent food and prices. One of favorite local pizza places. Great for takeout or dine in. Clean and tidy place. Friendly staff.笑
I don't know what this place is thinking but I payed way too much for pizza without flavor. They needed to spice up their sauce and add something to it. I could have done better at home frozen freschetta pizza and some spices of my own. I Will not be going here again. I would rather eat dominoes and I hate dominoes! I am from the Chicago area and this is not Chicago style!笑
Best pizza ever!   Perfect thin crust and premium ingredients mostly imported from Chicago.  All three of us loved it.  Great taste and our pizza was made by one of the owners / can't wait to go back!笑
Not bad but not great. The problem I have with places claiming to have "the best of..." is that they may only be the best if no other is around. Their Sicilian  is mostly dough.  They claim coming from Chicago that this is the taste they wanted to recreate and I definitely applaud them for wanting to bring that taste here to AZ. However, with a Lou Malnadi's here, they may want to change their recipe. Unfortunately there is a lack of REALLY good pizza places in the Surprise area. My best recommendation for either thick or thin, Sicilian or regular crust goes to NYPD Pizza nearby.笑
This is a little hole in the wall in surprise Arizona. I have to say we were extremely impressed with not only the food but the service.

They seem to specialize in Chicago style Italian food. The beef sandwich I had was one of the best in the world. Along with spectacular beef the bread was amazing. I think the bread really set off the entire sandwich. The depth that was provided with the beef sandwich was also tremendous. I highly recommend it.

We also ordered a stuff cheese pepperoni and green olive pizza. It was a great stuffed pizza. Cooked to perfection and tasted amazing

It is located at the end of a strip center and well worth trying to find. This is a hidden gem in the city of Surprise.

Enjoy.笑
Have to say, the best Chicago style deep dish pizza I have ever had. You have to try it.笑
We arrived here last night with my family of 7. They accommodated us by pushing together tables so we could sit together. 

The owner immediately walked over and greeted us and gave us a few menus. Said when we were ready to order to just go up to the front. 

In our group was 3 adults, 3 teenagers and a 2 year old toddler. 

The assistant/helper/waitress was a sweet heart and provided my 2 year old nephew with raw dough, and that kept him occupied for almost the whole time we were there. 

The food was very good and we all had a mixture of the menu. The staff/owner were very friendly and the funny comments from what appeared to be part of his family at one table. 

Even though we live in Avondale I can say I would travel here whenever I am in the mood for some good ole' Chicago style food.笑
Ate here today with my Dad, Uncle, Grandma and sister for lunch. Excellent service and very friendly. My sister asked the cashier lady if she could help cook and she told the owner, so my dad and her got to see how they make their pizza and a quick tour of the place. My sister was really happy to see that and the owners were very nice about it. I had the stuffed pepper and it was delicious. The Italian Beef and Sausage my uncle got was huge and looked amazing and thats the same for the Italian Sub my dad got. Their food is great.笑
Hands down the best pizza in the valley!  " morire di affamato " This heavenly place was near my employment on the weekend, I decided to try them out before work. Now its my weekend ritual, trust me give them a chance and you will be pleased!笑
Great Chicago style pizza! I mean nobody from Chicago wants that garbage pizza style they have in New York. Also I'm not 12 so I don't want Pizza Hut. Get it well done it's the best I've had out here in Arizona, other then Lou Malnatis but that's too far!!!笑
The Chicago deap dish pizza and meatball sandwich were above and beyond the ordinary..Well worth it no doubt.笑
I'm a transplanted NYer who was raised on pizza by the slice cut in wedges from a round pie. My first visit to Little Sicily started out to be a disappointment until my pizza was delivered to the table. I had wanted a slice and a Coke but the owner (Dominick) doesn't do slices. He and I spent the next 20 minutes discussing the merits and drawbacks of Chicago vs. NY pizza while my pie was baking. I learned a bit about pizza, sampled some Italian beef (delicous) and went home with my pizza cut into squares. The pizza was outstanding and I have to say it beats NY pizza hands down without the aggravation of excess olive oil running down your sleeve. I'm a convert! BYOB with a small corkage fee. Give it a shot!笑
Great pizza. You have to try the pan pizza. Chicago style pizza. Possibly the best pizza joint in AZ.笑
Fantastic customer service and even better food. 10/10 would reccommend and 10/10 would enjoy. My girlfriend and I were around this area to see my grandmother in a hospice and we were very lucky to have stumbled upon this true-to-the-bone, authentic as it gets slice of Italy. With every bite, we got closer and closer to my ancestor's homeland. Wonderful culinary skills and wonderful people. Stop reading and go.笑
Never had Chicago Italian food before, As I grew up in NYC, But bought the Veal Parmesan Sub and I have to say it was Delicious. Very nice owner & staff. I will surely will go back to try something new. Thanks so much !笑
Descent.  Had the beef sandwich and filly steak sandwich.  Both had good flavor but the meat was to salty.  The bread was great, toasted perfect! The cheese melted just right.  The canoli need some work.笑
This place is soon amazing! The double stuffed Chicago style pizza was delicious and so filling, but trust me you only need a small to medium. Okay now the cannoli was the best one I've ever had in my life. It was fresh and the filling was second to none. I highly recommend.笑
Excellent, authentic Chicago Stuffed Pizza!!!!!  I used to have it shipped to me from Gino's East in Chicago but now I eat here!  We LOVE this pizza.笑
Mama Mia...Now that's a pizza pie!

My husband and I have lived in Surprise for SEVEN years and we just tried Little Sicily for the first time.  

I really wanted pizza and even though Barros's is a block away, I refuse to go there ever again!  So, for years we have heard good things and tonight we pulled the trigger.  Seriously, THE BEST!  

We ordered the Little Sicily pizza and it was perfection, you never find a pizza where there is so many quality toppings and so little crispy crust.  We also got 12 medium wings.  Now, I wasn't as crazy for the wings as my husband but they were good, the medium is pretty mild for those of us who like a little heat.  We will try them again with a hot or BBQ sauce.

Anywho...GREAT place and worth your time.  Thank you Little Sicily for providing good service and a great pizza at a fair price.  We will be back because you guys are the pizza ninjas!笑
The food here was great and so was the service. We had the baked ziti and spinach ravioli and they were amazing. We live out of town but will definitely come back the next time we're in town.笑
The best pizza I have ever tasted in my life hands down!!  The staff were really friendly and they have roots in Chicago and Sicily so they know what's up! The Chicago pizza is super thick, cheesy, and has a nice thin crust at the bottom  best pizza I've ever tasted in Arizona and I tasted plenty cause I loooooooooove pizza!笑
I love their beef sandwiches and thin crust pizza. It is just like being back in Chicago. Love it!笑
I am from the suburbs of Detroit, Michigan and have experienced amazingly wonderful Chicago style deep dish, stuffed pizza.  Since moving to Surprise, I have been looking for a Greek Town Pizza Paplis or Chicago's Giordano tasting pizza.  If you are looking for that type of pizza, this is not it.

This place is small with 10 tables. You order at the counter and they bring food to you. We ordered the fried mushrooms, pizza bread the Chicago style, deep dish, stuffed pizza.

The fried mushrooms were served hot  with very crispy breading. The pizza bread is french bread with sauce and cheese on top.  It was pretty tasty. 

We ordered the pizza stuffed with canadian bacon, mushrooms and fresh garlic.  It had a bottom crust, stuffed with the toppings and cheese, then topped off with another crust and sauce.  Both crusts were crispy and not doughy.  The pie was overflowing and gooing with cheese.  The other toppings were a fair amount.

Overall the food was good, we would go back there again and order something different.  The staff was friendly and the restaurant was clean.  I am still searching for a deep dish, stuffed pie that better suits my tastes.

NOTE:  The smallest size is a medium and the pizza sauce is on the sweet side and they use canned mushrooms.  If you order the fresh garlic, there is definitely a strong garlic taste.笑
Omg! Best pizza I have had in Arizona in 20 years. Super casual and cozy! You can even bring in your own bottle of wine.笑
The best thin pizza I've had in Arizona.   Too bad the place is so small because this is excellent food and service.    We'll be back soon for more.笑
The pizza was flavorless, the mushrooms were canned, the ricotta was not sweet and creamy, and we will not be back. The price for this pizza is ridiculous in comparison to the horrible quality.笑
Great pizza great staff can bring your own wine.  REALLY ENJOY THE CASUAL ATMOSPHERE.  Best PIZZA in the valley besides PIZZA they have great Italian food.笑
First of all I suggest the chicken for pizza but you really don't need pizza here. I've tried a lot of the stuff on the menu and it was all pretty solid.笑
I try to pick mom-and-pop restaurants, and they're usually pretty good. 

First, the good.  The young woman behind the counter was very professional, and took care of the dining room - it was very, very clean.  I wanted a sandwich, but was upsold on a "combo" meal", which at the time, was a good move.  

That's about where the good ends.

The salad was okay, and the meatball sandwich was really below average - not a lot of flavor, and no discernable spice to give it any sort of oomph.  Portions seemed a-la carte with no bonuses, but was enough to satisfy my appetite.   

The décor was confusing, as it seems that there are multiple owners who couldn't agree on which sports team or city to root for.  The other wall was randomly lined with pictures of cars in a grid.  Did someone find boxes of framed car pictures at a yard sale for an unbeatable price and decide this was the method in which to decorate?   The artwork was tacky and confusing with no continuity, and I'm at a loss for what experience they were trying to deliver.  But otherwise clean and tidy tables, floor and restroom.

The owner or manager - a skinny older fella wearing the company logo and a not-so-skinny woman with short hair - were sitting at the next table, and didn't return a smile or welcome me in any way - minus the unfriendly glance up as I filled my soda, even after I nodding my head and offering a smile.  Being from Chicago and noticing the Chicago, Sicily and other random represented decorations, I was hoping to at least ask, "Hey, whose the Chicago fan?", but no entry towards a dialogue could be initiated.    Maybe they were having a crummy day, or didn't want to talk.  Okay.  But at least smile?  Say hi?  Don't glare at me while I fill my soda.  I paid for it, remember?  I didn't deserve that.

I wanted to be a fan. I wanted to connect to the restaurant or somebody in it.  I wanted to ask questions about the history or background of the place, because there IS a story - albeit a confused jumbled one, it could have been really interesting.  I wasn't expecting a grand tour,  but nobody wanted to connect with me after I left the register.  Period.

Hopefully the youth in that establishment will one day run the place and give it the customer service touch it so desperately needs.  It could have been a great meal.  But it wasn't.  The food is boring, and this place has the warmth and charm of a portable circus vendor.   

I won't be returning.笑
Once again, family was out to try something new! I was in the mood for pizza. I noticed there were quite a few pizza joint in this area! So this was the first one we tried. We order a pepperoni and green peppers pizza well done, spaghetti and meatballs, and chicken Parmesan. The pizza was good, I enjoyed the flavors, pepperoni, cheese, and sauce was very good. I am not sold on the crust! But overall the pizza was still good. The spaghetti was very good, especially the meatballs! It takes a lot for me to like meatballs and these were one of the best I have tasted. Daughter hardly gave me a chance to taste the chicken Parisian, but what I did taste was really good, they do like to pile on the cheese, that's the way to get my daughters heart! Over all we had a great time, we love the small mom and pops atmosphere, and we will probably come back soon!笑
Yelp did not fail me on this one. BYOB with no corkage fee and a Safeway around the corner. A cute little place with a lot of great old photos of Chicago. The dining area is very small, but has character. They have Chicago style pizza and Vienna dogs with celery salt- a must for a real Chicago dog. The pizza had their own sausage with a lovely fennel seed taste. The sauce was perfect. Not too sweet and not too salty. The staff was so helpful and friendly and one of the partial owners even came out and visited with the guests. We shared and heard a lot of Chicago stories while dining. The price was very reasonable and perfect for the amount of food. I like being able to see into the kitchen and watching the food handling and preparation. The next time I am in the area, I will absolutely visit again and bring my own favorite wine!笑
This place is anything from new york!
Cardboard pizza, sauce out of a can, the crust tastes like cardboard, you take a bite and it comes right off the pizza!! And for what they charge!! Its a joke!! I have had bettter frozen pizza!!笑
We love this place. We drive all the way up from Goodyear for the pizza.笑
Great food 
Limited seating
Best to get to go and check order before leaving
Get extremely busy early evening笑
Great local treasure!  Stopped for dinner based on Yelp reviews and our desire to support locally owned restaurants. Our son had the chicken pesto ravioli, my husband had the meat ravioli with marinara and I had fried ravioli and a small salad.  Beautiful evening so we sat outside. Service was excellent and the food tasty. We waited only a short time.  Prices are reasonable.  We are already planning our next visit to try the pizza and homemade cannoli.笑
The best Pizza. The philly steak sandwich was amazing.   Love the environment,  very Friendly staff,  great experience for the entire family . Very military friendly.  I highly recommend this place.笑
Omg ...pizza was awesome..I'm  from Chicago so I had to try it ....even my wife & kids loved it....I will definitely come here again next time I visit Arizona ....but I'm going to have to try the beef sandwich..the customer service was great too...keep it up guys..you guys are doing awesome..笑
I'm giving this 3 stars, first time we order the pizza order was wrong, was given a thin instead of the Chicago style, I was very clear on the phone, made conversation that I was from Chicago and was looking forward to there deep dish Chicago style. The thin was good but only that one time. Finally I got around to trying the deep dish, what a disappointment,  the dough was chewy, was like eating cardboard. 
My understanding is that they had a place in Chicago
 no wonder why there in arizona now.
Disappointment. ..

Mr Low Down. ..笑
Best deep dish pizza! Top notch. A bit pricey can't effort it every weekend... A+++ Go eat it! Kids get free dough to play with....笑
This place is fantastic.  Great food and service.  The girls are very helpful.笑
CALLING ALL (authentic) CHICAGO STYLE DEEP-DISH PIZZA LOVERS!!

Seriously, yum.  If I'm ever hungry for a little taste of Chicago, hubub and I immidiately think Little Sicily.  
Quaint little place, order at the counter, delivered to the candle lit table type joint.  Also BYOB,  We've seen people with big coolers full of beer, and wine bottles.  We were never charged a cork fee, so I'm not sure they have one. 
The owner, as well as staff, knows everyone and is super accomodating and friendly.
Deep dish is always perfect.  Quality ingredients, everything home made.
Salads are always fresh.  Italian beefs made to order (I like mine soaked with an extra side of soak)笑
Great pizza and the best Italian beef in AZ and very friendly service. The kids enjoyed the food here too. This place has no alcohol but you can byob!笑
Authentic Chicago style pizza at last!
This place knows what they're doing. The stuffed beats Giordanos hands down.笑
We both had the chicken parmigiana. It was deluged in sour, red sauce. If the chicken had any flavor, the sauce hid it well.  The bread was soggy, had no taste, with a tiny bit of oil and garlic. We will not return.笑
We live out of town and visit our grandfather here and have been wanting to come in for years. Finally we did and ordered out a deep dish pepperoni and meatball, toasted delicious ravioli, and a garden salad. We liked it so much we can back the next day and ate inside. Amazing pie reminded me of Chicago, the meatballs reminded of my moms, and had a homemade cannoli. 

I was so impressed I asked if I could purchase a t-shirt. The owner made sure everything was good. We wished we would have stopped by years ago. All I can say is this is the number one place we will be eating out at when we are in town next time. 

Ciao, Sebastian笑
I had the Chicken Part, NOT bad, the Deep Dish Pizza was fairly good.  But.....

One of the ladies at the register should learn more about Customer Service!!  This is Arizona, NOT Chicago!!  Welcome customers with a Smile and Treat them like you would like to be treated!!  I'm NOT going back just because this lady was just plain unpleasant!!笑
Hands down the greatest Chicago Pan Pizza this side of Chicago. Italian dishes are great too. Every time we come here we get treated like a special guest in their restaurant. Wanna know what happened to good customer service????? It came here to Little Sicily!笑
Wonderful Food!! Restaurant is very small so get there early to get a table, self seating and bring your own alcohol.笑
Excellent Eggplant Parm sandwich. Beef sandwich was on lunch special w/fries and drink for $9.95 The cheese & roasted peppers made it even better.
   Next time I'll try the meat ball sandwich.  Pizza's looked terrific, so we'll have to return.笑
This is our first winter in the Northwest Valley, and we needed to find a great pizza. As others have mentioned, Surprise has a surprising (pardon the pun) number of independent pizza places, along with all the usual suspects. Since we prefer unique, local establishements to ubiquitous national chains, we decided a blind taste test was in order. So we ordered medium cheese pizzas from Lucky's, Ray's and Little Sicily, then took them home, gathered some unbiased friends, and sampled each one side-by-side. 

The results? All 3 were good - much better than the nationals. But Little Sicily's regular cheese pizza was the unanimous stand-out of the group. The cheese was flavorful, the crust was thin (not greasy), and the sauce...well, having eaten many pizzas in NYC, Chicago and elsewhere, Little Sicily's sauce is pure heaven. It is rich and robust with a touch of sweetness - perfectly balanced with the cheese. Of the 5 individuals involved in the blind taste test, all 5 said Little Sicily's pizza ranked #1 in Surprise, and was among the top 3 pizzas ever tasted. 

Of course, the little shop is charming, and the people are super-friendly, and the customers are mostly regulars. But the pizza does most of the talking at Little Sicily. Tucked away on the side a seemingly endless strip mall, Little Sicily is truly a hidden gem, and definitely worth a try if you're craving pizza in its purest form. Enjoy!笑
Best Chicago pizza in Arizona, thin crust loaded with cheese and plenty of toppings, byob笑
Unbelievable Chicago Style Deep Dish Pizza! Still have to try their Italian Beef Sandwich and their thin crust pizza. This really is like going back home to Chicago. Very cool owners and workers!笑
Gave this place a try since our favorite place for Chicago style pizza is a good 30-45 minute away. Needless to say this us our NEW favorite place!!!! Absolutely love it.笑
Friendly and quiet.  Not fantastic and not bad.  I ordered the eggplant and had the soup.笑
This review is based solely on my attempt to place an order by phone. ..  I called as I left work knowing my order would take at least 30 min to bake.  Nicole answered.  I asked if I could get a Sicilian pizza.  She rambled off an order of who knows what!  I asked her what that was.  I can't remember what she called it but she said they do not have Sicilian pizza. I told her that I have ordered it several times. I wasn't sure why it was so complicated.   She said again they did not have that type of pizza so I said nevermind and hung up.  If you are reading this and you have seen my previous posts you can clearly see that they DO HAVE that and it is delicious!  It was so frustrating that I stopped on my way home to place my order in person instead, and only because my husband really wanted that for dinner!
So as it turns out Nicole only knows the pizza by Chicago style so if you want a Sicilian pizza make sure you call it Chicago style or you will not get what you want.笑
Staff very friendly, the food was less than desirable, I had the sub sandwich which was drenched in oil and vinger, my wife had a spaghetti type meal with just olive oil and seasoning which was very bland. It was very dark inside and if you do not mind a bunch of loud mouth golf drunks, then this is your place, Will not be back!!笑
Great little hometown place, awesome beef, fantastic pies...give their stuffed Chicago style a shot, you won't be disappointed笑
Love their pizza!!!! Not too thick, not too thin  Ample toppings, tasty sauce. Can't go wrong... Will definitely be a regular customer. Reminds us of the pizza we lived back home in Iowa.笑
We love to come to this place for deep dish pizza. We never ordered deep dish typically but since finding little Cicily we really do enjoy their pizza and their service.  good toppings and relatively quick to get your order.笑
We are so glad that our neighbors took us to this little gem of a place last night for dinner. This little family owned restaurant is tucked in a shopping plaza in Sun City. They pride themselves in making their delicious homemade Italian dishes, but most importantly, it's all about their pizza. I am officially converted I must say...I've never been a fan of thin crust pizza like this!  Also, I'm not always a fan of Italian sausage on my pizza, but after eating here, I now know why, most places aren't using true Italian sausage and ingredients like this place. The owner will tell you himself, this ain't no New York "pizza pie, we don't serve pies, this isn't a bakery, we serve PIZZA!"  This is authentic Chicago style pizza, and as we ordered, we saw the owner himself had his hands in the making of it, I love this! I also love that the owner recognizes his regulars  (most of which are Italian) and greets them all if he's not too busy...heck, he even sat and chatted with us at our table! This tells you how special his customers are to him. As if all of this wasn't good enough already, it gets better, you can BYOB/W here and he'll even provide the wine and beer glasses! This place also caters. Recommendation: start with the antipasto salad, 4 can share this, have the pizza, and end with the most delicious cannoli and a cup of coffee, yum!!!笑
The deep dish Chicago style stuffed pizza was the best..The small pizza lasted two days and we enjoyed every last slice..Meatball sandwiches are to die for also..笑
I have been raised on deep dish pizza since I was a child so I am a huge deep dish pizza fan. When I read about Little Sicily's deep dish on Yelp, I had to try it. It's not bad. 

I had a take-out order. The girl who answered the phone told me 15 minutes, but when I arrived it took another 15 min or so for it to be ready, which is around the time a normal deep dish usually takes to make. They may have pulled my large sausage and mushroom pan (deep dish) pizza a little early because the crust was chewy and a bit doughy so I put it in my oven for a few minutes, then the crust seemed to be cooked properly.

I didn't like the massive amount of garlic in the sauce. I love garlic, but it was way too much. If I didn't know any better, I thought they were trying to help us drive out all the vampires in Surprise. Also, I didn't care for the mushrooms. The mushrooms didn't seem fresh. They tasted like mushrooms out of a can.

Overall, the large sausage and mushroom pan pizza was ok. When we get in the mood for deep dish, we will be back. When I took my first bite using a fork and knife (like a good deep dish is always eaten), I thought of Pequod's and Lou Malnati's.笑
I've now tried the thin, crispy style pizza (delicious) and now I've had the Chicago stuffed pizza. OMG, I truly believe that was the BEST pizza I've ever had! Beats anything I've had in Pittsburgh, Philly, NYC and Boston hands down. Flavorful, fresh and first class ingredients. I'm telling you, it doesn't get any better than this.笑
This is true chicago style pizza and beefs .  My husband and me take the 20 plus minute drive and never been disappointed.笑
A big mistake that I've made is waiting so long before coming back here! The food is amazing and the customer service is second to none. My family of four stopped in tonight for dinner with the intention is of getting enough to have plenty of leftovers... Mission accomplished! We ordered the platter appetizer which came with onion rings, fried mushrooms, fried zucchini, French fries and garlic bread, and it was only 7 bucks and some change! My two boys, 7 & 6, split the meat lasagna (and side salad that comes with it). When our server brought it out I planned on cutting  it in half to split it for them but they had already done it! That was only one half of it.. It was huge! The side salad was also split in half for them and it was a perfect size for them. My husband and I split a small antipasto salad and I was only able to eat about a quarter of it before I got full. To top it all off (I mentioned we were planning on leftovers, right?! :P ) we ordered a large stuffed pizza with pepperoni, sausage, onions and mushrooms. It is basically a giant platter of dough, lined with cheese and layered with the toppings that were at least 2 inches thick and then smothered in pizza sauce. Needless to say, neither my husband nor I were able to finish one slice. Everything we ordered was delicious, but I can't finish this review without mentioning the staff. Our waitress was AMAZING. She took great care of us and brought the boys some dough to play with when they started to get rambunctious (which is their usual style, but she was able to wrangle them in). The chef (seemed like he might me the owner, but that is an assumption) came out and chatted with us when he had some downtime. He teased the boys and tried to get them to do the dishes, which was all in good fun. The environment was so comfortable it felt like being at my relatives' for dinner. I definitely recommend this place to anyone who wants some good Italian in a relaxed atmosphere.笑
Dominic is great to chat with.  His food is amazing.  The breadsticks are the best I've had in the metro area. The sauce is great too.  Hence the nickname Dominic "the sauce."  It's great to see the passion they have for cars and food. Makes me feel right back at home in the Midwest.  Keep up the great work.笑
Oh my Gosh! Hands down the best pizza we've had any where around here. My kids were so happy excited when the gentleman working came to say hello and gave them some pizza dough to play with. We couldn't decide what to get so we tried fried zucchini, small antipasto salad, hot wings, and a half little Sicily/pepperoni pizza. Everything was amazing. On the way home we spent the whole ride home talking about what we're going to eat next. Thank you so much for the great service, including our boys and the amazing food!笑
"Holy Cow" AM I IN CHICAGO? Best Italian BEEF this side of Ohare! This is true love that they put into the beef and gravy, the roll was divine and the frys were amazing. The guys running the place are so cool and the staff is so dynamic. Can't wait to get a Chicago dog on my next visit笑
My first time here...

Crust- very good except for the center which was a little bit soggy, see toppings

Sauce- almost non-existent, I think it was good, just barely any at all on the pie

Toppings- canned vegetables :( and too much cheese, hard to believe but the combo of the excess cheese and canned veggies caused too much moisture and the center dough just couldn't cook

Please use fresh veggies, a bit more sauce and you will earn 5 stars!笑
We are from Chicago, so eating here was like going home.
This is the only place we have found in the area that has really good Chicago style pizza. They even cut it the correct way.
The people there are just really nice. The owners are always walking around talking to the customers.
Dinner time has many regulars. They even supply wine glass to the many customers that BYOB.
It is a wonderful place and we will become one of the regulars.笑
Delicious!!! This place has the best Chicago deep dish pizza by far. We ordered the pepperoni and sausage deep dish and it was amazing! The sauce, cheese, dough, everything was fresh. This small restaurant packs huge flavors. The dining area and kitchen are very clean and the staff was funny and nice. I would definitely recommend this place for anyone looking for a Chicago style pizza in Surprise.笑
Food was just awesome. Sauce was great, breadsticks great, baked ziti, spinach ravioli,  just delicious. If you want good tasting food, go here. I am no Italian food expert, but eat a lot of it and this place has good food PERIOD...The owner Michael is also a very nice person...and service was great. Do not live here but will return when back in this area. Different people have different taste in food, this is just my honest opinion.. .笑
Fresh sauce, amazing crust, great employees you could tell it was family ran and they're very proud of that.  Not much of a kid place but they treated my neice like royalty(thanks Mike).  Would Def go again next time I'm down here!  If you like fast food tasteless, frozen pizza this is not the place for you.

Thanks again for the wonderful experience!笑
In Surprise there are quite a few pizza places.. surprisingly many independents! LS is certainly another one to add to the delicious selections in the far west valley!

We had the deep dish pizza.. okay, a bottom crust then they fill it with your toppings and cheese.. then they add a second crust and bake it off.. after which they add their red sauce into the well.. its more like a pie.. since there aren't to many places doing it this way my hat is WAY off for these guys. The sauce however is a bit to sweet for me so, next time it goes on the side. 

Also had the chicken cesar salad.. I was expecting grilled chicken but ended up being lightly coated and crispy.. was SO good! 

So there are still some surprises in Surprise. Not that many Yelpers will go here but its nice to know that there is more out in the west then bog box stores and chain restaurants.笑
I LOVE this place, great pizza. The Italian Beef sandwich is delish. The bonus for me is you can bring your own wine, beer, spirits etc.笑
As far as the pizza, I've only had the thin crust here.  If you've ever had Quonset pizza in Waukeegan Illinois, you'd know the fan base they have there.  Little Sicily is probably the closest to Quonset in Arizona I've ever had.

I never was a fan of thin crust pizza before...it reminded me of eating hot sauce and meat on a cracker...but ever since I had Quonset and now Little Sicily, I'm starting to see the error of my ways.  I still appreciate a good fluffy crust, however, and this place has both.

Last night I decided to try the Chicken parmigiana.  Unfortunately, the server told us that the order had been put in as Veal.  I'm sure the veal is quite tasty, but I just can't bring myself to digesting it, not to mention it was more expensive than the chicken.  When the issue was brought up to the young girls who had taken the order, they began arguing about it saying they knew I ordered veal.

I think I know what I order, especially since I don't eat veal.

Meanwhile the chef listened to the girl bitch about the order with half an ear and winked at us grinning.

The CHICKEN parmigiana, by the way, was extremely tasty with al dente angel hair pasta, fresh cheese melted under the broiler, a slightly sweet and tangy sauce, and perfectly cooked chicken.

*The restaurant has since lost a star because the same girl blanked when we asked for cheese and pepper flakes.  DUH!

It also seems to be a Bring Your Own Wine kind of place.  They have the glasses, but you supply the liquids.笑
Really good.   Went several times before reviewing so we could try different things.  Dominic is the man.  The girls who are servers/cashiers are also very friendly.  Have tried pizza, pasta, sandwiches and have yet to be disappointed.  BOYB here which is fine.   A little pricey, but compared to the garbage to pick from in this area it is worth it, for now.笑
The "real deal."  Authentic and tasty. A hidden gem in the Northwest Valley!笑
Garlic White pizza was amazing! One of the best pizzas I've had. Tried the manicotti and chicken parm. Everything was cooked perfectly! I don't leave many reviews but had to give them one. Can't wait to go back.笑
What a gem! This is legit Chicago style! It brought me back to my childhood. We were thrilled to see Panzarotti on the menu. We haven't seen that since we lived on the south side. We ordered a sausage panzarotti and a stuffed sausage pizza. Positively delicious! The sausage here is top notch. Best I've had outside Chicago. We have some places in Vegas that do stuffed right, but their sausage doesn't compare. Little Sicily will be a must whenever we're in town.

We went back on Sunday anxious to try the thin crust, but they were closed. We were heartbroken. Can't wait to return in spring to check it out.笑
Got a pizza to go.  Was not impressed. The crust was the worst ever. It was so tough and chewy. The sauce was bland. Will not order again.笑
Great Chicago style pizza!  A+ in my book.笑
I've been here 3 times for lunch and as far as I'm concerned they can do no wrong. I had their deep-dish pizza, a meatball sub, and today a Philly Steak. All absolutely awesome! They are really friendly and helpful and I love the atmosphere. I'm going to keep working my way through the menu.笑
Nice, super small family-run ambiance, but the food just fell short. Maybe it was an off night, but the deep dish pizza missed the mark.