Hands down the best Irish Pub in the valley. Great people, Great Prices, and Great entertainment on the weekends. They may not have the fancy decor of Mill Avenue or Scottsdale, but then again they don't charge you for it.Ǿ
I'ts good to see people say good things about this place. I've been a regular for years. Real nice joint, friendly folks, great beer . They'll even give you a drink on your birthday. Slante!Ǿ
Nice local bar near the Sheraton. Beats the hotel bar any day.Ǿ
Went here for a drink of guinness with my cousin who used to work at this place, and I must say I like the place.  It is more like new Irishy, while I was in the day, I can imagine the night might look crowd and full of happy people.   Talked to one of the girls that work there, Sioban, and she was nice and friendly.  Would come back again.Ǿ
Food was awesome and a great dark wood pub atomosphere.Ǿ
O'Connor's Pub is a hidden gem.  They have the best St. Patty's day celebration with great people, drinks and Irish music.  But I love the everyday atmosphere at O'Connor's.  They welcome everyone and the bartenders pour one heck of a good Guinness (correctly poured of course).  It is the kind of place I can swing by for Happy Hour or a Saturday night and know I will have a good time with friendly people.  There is a darts league I've seen before that I've always wanted to join too.Ǿ
I'm the Duke of this place, so I know.
I love this Pub, most people think being a pub means it serves food.  Not true, traditionally, pubs were drinking establishments, and this is what O'Connor's Pub is.  Sometimes people bring food in though.

The drinks are on the cheap side and good, Guinness comes in 20 OZ pints, are are cheaper than other places around.

The bartenders and Jukebox are what make this place shine.  The jukebox is among the best in the valley, anything you want from classic country to punk rock, and of course good Irish songs.  The bartenders are super nice, but won't put up with any shit.  That is what I like about them! 

Oh, and don't forget the live music - Dirt Music Express are awesome, and so is Shay Veno.Ǿ
Love going to this irish pub with friends and kicking back a couple of beers. Bartenders are always nice and polite also. I was also there for a dress up party around Halloween and had a blast!Ǿ
Great vibe. Good friendly people. I might be a little wasted writing this but I'm happy wasted. Great selection of drinks. Glad my good friend dragged me here tonight. I'm going to defiently feel it tomorrow.  Come join the funǾ
Always a great evening crowd and friendly. My first time in here was three years ago, I came back a month later and the bartender still remembered my drink, if not my name right away. The drinks are fairly priced compared to other bars in the area. There's awesome music as well (Blues jam Wednesday's, open mic night Thursday's, and live music Friday/Saturday). Also for those concerned, very clean restrooms.Ǿ
I have no idea how this places has so many great reviews. Are they paying for them or giving free drinks? We travel a fair amount and always like to try random places. As we walked in I noticed a sign that's says "You're only a stranger here once." I am assuming that's because no one goes more than once. Inside it looks like your neighborhood hole in the wall; dark and dank. There was a waitress at the end of the bar who looked at us like, what do you want? We sat a corner table and waited for 10-15 minutes without a single staff member acknowledging we were alive.  We did get to overhear a wonderful conversation from the haggard looking blond bartender. It seems she hates it when customers come in early because she has to clean the bathrooms and prep the food. Yum. We finally got up and left. On our way out the door, the bartender said, "this isn't a sit down and eat kind of place. We went to Tim Finnegans. It was awesome and the horrible service at O'Connor's was a blessing; we wouldn't have discovered Finnegans otherwise. Its right down the street and has great food and service.Ǿ
I've been wanting to check this bar out. I walked in spotted the bar and grabbed a chair at the bar. Bartender was friendly came over and took our drink order and just about the time we got out drinks a intoxicated brunette came over to introduce herself and babble on in a drunken slur that could we could hardly understand. We were all thinking is this the owner, we asked the bartender and he said no that's just one of the regulars Tanya. Long story short she would not leave us alone after changing seats and informing the bartender then she became violent and the bartender was still serving her. I just wanted to enjoy my company and have a cold beer not babysit the drunken regulars. We will never go in this bar again and I hope to God Tanya did not get behind the wheel that night.Ǿ
I love this bar.  Whether you're looking for a laid back atmosphere, a friendly staff or a great beer selection, this is the place.  Oh, and did i mention good specials and live music?  Yeah they have that too!  Let me solve your decision making problem... go there!Ǿ
We ordered their lunch special and Laura did a great job! Yummy with extra care.Ǿ
I dont know how anyone could have given this place a good review.  

Seriously, I took our staff there based on the Yelp rating and a homeless guy tried pan handling to three of our office girls at night who were scared out of their mind.

The food selection was not good and the place was tiny.  The reviews are really misleading.Ǿ
Friendliest, cleanest, most entertaining bar I've ever been too. The bartenders are exceptional and there are tons of drink options. The have really good food too! The band's and djs are always exceptional and they get bands of all various genres too. And there is no way you will leave without making a cool new friend! Very female friendly too! One of the few bars I've been to where I didn't have to break a guys nose just to get away from him, or get my ass slapped as I walk by.Ǿ
This is a wonderful little pub. Bartenders and customers are very friendly. They started serving food and everything I've tried has been delicious. Prices are more than reasonable. Bathroom is always clean. Great atmosphere and I've always enjoyed my time there.Ǿ
I have lived right behind O'connor's for 6 years now, and until recently had only been there a handful of times. They have added some great local bands like Paddy's Peg Leg, and Shaneiki ( I can't spell their name). Really enjoy being able to go in and spend 40 bucks and need to call a cab to get home. I was really let down by the cover charge on St. Patrick's day, I know that it was a special event and all, but we got there at 1pm and didn't have to pay a cover and our table spent quite a bit, but at 5pm when we wanted to add someone to our table, they had to pay a cover... kinda a bummer when their web site says "no cover, ever". But I will gave them 3 stars because the cover went to charity. 

Overall, great place to meet up with some old friends and have a nice relaxing evening.Ǿ
I came here twice: once on Halloween and on December 5th. Both times were great! They had a live band playing which always has a nice touch. The drinks were served up quick and cold. There's a nice seating area outside where you can have a smoke, enjoy a cold beer, and still listen to the live music. The atmosphere is great and the bartenders are super friendly. It's definitely a place that once you go there, you're gonna wanna come back!Ǿ
A typical divey Irish pub. The service was quick and friendly. I did enjoy the selection of Irish beers on draft, including a well-served Guinness, which doesn't come along often.

I'm not completely sold on the place, maybe I just came at an odd time (Friday at 4 pm), so it was almost empty barring a few regulars. I'd like to give it another shot when it's a little more rockin', especially to try out the shuffleboard.Ǿ
Great place! Friendly staff. Good music and awesome beer selection. I reco Bells two hearted ale!Ǿ
O'Connor's is a wonderful local Irish bar. The bartenders are all super friendly and make some nice, strong drinks. I echo the comments below on the well poured Guinness, too. They have a great selection on the jukebox and also have a variety of bands that play there.  The regulars are cool, too - they make you feel welcome.  I make a habit of stopping by whenever I am back in town.Ǿ
Well, O'Connor's is out of the loop for me since I live in TempE. I hate to even have a couple beers and drive that far home(-1). With the legal limit being lowered because they couldn't get enough convictions at .10, it's  sad, sad nation that continues to wage war with it's people on so many levels.
On to the good times. O'Connor's is a pretty nice pub right off the 17 at the Dunlap exit. All in All O'Connor's is a good place where, as the sign says, "You're only a Stranger Once" The long bar seats around 20 and there are tables, high top tables and booths also. There's a great mural on the wall listing the Counties of Ireland with a stage for live music in front of it. The standards: Pool table, Jukebox, Smoking Patio(with secret back door smoke spot) and some Bar Food in CrockPots(Free Food Baby). There's always a Rollins fan there and when I'm there, 2 of them. The bartender's have been pleasant enough and on weekends there is table service. 
They have a nice selection on tap, Guinness, Smithwick's (monk bear, yay), Samuel Adams ($3 bux all the time) and Bass, BASS? I once went in an Irish pub called The Pour House in Carnegie, PA and ordered a Bass and was admonished by the bartender "That's an English Beer and this is an Irish bar!" So I looked up at the bottles on the shelf and ordered a Corona :D

Even though I  took a star for distance, I will not hold that over their head. That's my own quirk, not drinking and driving, ha. They still get 5 stars.Ǿ
They are the perfect place to stop for a drink. I spoke with the bartender and found that most of the stuff you see in the bar is actually from Ireland. The coolest part....the map that you will find on the back wall. If you are irish you can't miss this.Ǿ
I went out on St. Patrick's Day for the first time EVER. I met up with some friends at Oconnors to enjoy some live music and beer. I had a great time and the bands were a lot of fun. 
There is something about pounding your hand on the table to the beat and clapping your hands while drinking a glass of your favorite beer. 
The corn beef a cabbage was also good. It was my first time eating it. Not bad. I would eat it again. :) 
All in all I had a good time and as the sign on the door says "Welcome to Oconnors where your only a stranger once". 
I look forward to going backǾ
My favorite pub - everyone is so friendly and they have some fantastic bands on the weekends.  Its such a great down to earth vibe, with great bartenders too!  You should go!Ǿ
Interesting little place. You can tell it caters to the locals as many people seemed to recognize each other there. The bartender was very friendly and quick to get us our beers. Clean bathrooms for the ladies and amusing signs posted throughout the bathroom. There was a live band that was good when they were actually playing. Most of the time we were there, they were goofing off a bit and talking to others patrons using the microphone. No food served, just plain alcohol sauce (not a complaint, just an FYI for others).Ǿ
O'connors pub is awesome.  From the bartender "Red", to the gaelich (sp?) music, to the cheap beer.  Definitely a place to stop by when you need a friend.  One watch out, no food (except maybe some popcorn).  Ask the bartender for a menu from a local delivery place.Ǿ
Killer entertainment, good pub food, GREAT beer and nice people.

AND FREE WIFI!Ǿ
O'Connor's Pub is famous by its friendly and fun evening crowd among my friends. I dropped in there for the very first time more than a year ago and since than I have been to it a dozen times! I like their bartenders and they seem to like me by making my favorite drinks as soon as I enter the place! Their restrooms are clean and smell good, which is very important for me! If you like live music come here on Friday or Saturday, if you don't-enjoy their blues jam on Wednesday!Ǿ
Another great night out.  The bar was busy, the band rockin' and the bartenders happy to serve as always.  Not quite sure what some of these reviews are talking about.  This is a pub that does not offer food, they don't advertise that they do so of course the food selection wasn't good, I'm not sure what they expected.  I have never encountered a homeless person pan handling outside and I have been coming here off and on for the past 20 years.  Homeless people are a fact of life in the big city, they are on every corner.  The former cranky Thursday night bartender is no longer.  Stop in, Thursday night is dart night and a good group of people.      
I witnessed something very special last night.  A new customer dropped a $100 bill and one of the regulars picked it up and gave it to the person who dropped it.  It could have been an easy $100 for the person who found it, but not in this pub.  In this pub everyone is treated like family and their slogan "where you're only a stranger once" is as true today as it was the day the pub opened.  
5 stars for honest patrons, keeping local and just being an all around good pub.Ǿ
Excellent Food and Staff. Corned Beef and Cabbage is the bomb! A great variety of food from Soups to Burgers. It's all good.