Came here for lunch with family in tow on the snow/wind chill day...and very happy I did.

Apps - hummus, tabouli, and foole m damas (my wife's favorite).  I focused on the first two, and was thoroughly pleased.  They served it with a hot sauce that was pretty dang good, too.

Main - the Mediterranean Lamb Plate was spot on.  Decent lunch-size portion, and the waited was kind enough to bring garlic and tahini sauce.

The wife and kids were happy with their meals, as well.  May have to come back for dinner sometime.笑
I have no idea how authentic the food is, but Aladdin's makes my favorite hummus.  Everything I've had there has been great, try the falafel or the grilled tuna pocket pitas.  Very reasonably priced.  This is part of a local chain, and every location I've been to has had very friendly service.笑
This is one of my favorites for a low key meal.  I actually worked as a waitress one summer at a Columbus location.
Their chicken salad pita pocket, mujhadara and mediterranean lamb plate are my favorites.  The price range us around 7-15$, so reasonable if not on low price side.  Excellent baklava and smoothies.  This location as free parking in the back in coveted Cedar Fairmount.  Keep in mind this place is sort of Americanized Middle eastern food.笑
My mother and her gal pal both had falafel salads and mint tea. I had dolmas in a gyro, odd, yet tasty. Mmm, dolmas. I had a mango lassi, too. We all had dessert as well. Their dessert case, though not always all available, is pretty epic. I had baklava, I think my mom had a strawberry cake and I can't remember what our friend had. All of us ate for just over 30$, lots of options on the menu and affordable.笑
Best place for a filling, healthy meal but leaves you feeling clean inside! When we go out to eat but don't know where to go, this is our go-to! I can't get enough of their baba falafel pita! Don't forget the hot sauce if you like an extra kick!笑
One of my favorite places to eat.  The Jasmins's Delight with Lamb and garlic sauce is amazing...very lean and flavorful...  They also have great fancy deserts and pretty good Hummus.笑
My rating is based on one visit with one shishkebab pita.  It was DELICIOUS!  It was only $6 or $7, and the portion size was PERFECT.   I left comfortably full and very pleased to have spent so little.  I hope the rest of their menu is as good!笑
Aladdin's is good for when you really need a quick and relatively cheap meal with a Middle Eastern feel. This is a family-friendly restaurant to dine in, and take out is easy with parking in the back. The food satisfies, but there are no delicate, inspired flavors here. The pita rolls and salads contain the right ingredients but the overall quality is very average. For better, fresher falafel and the like, check out Nate's Deli or Algebra Tea House.笑
I enjoy stopping at Aladdin's when I want something light and fresh.  I recommend their salads, and the hot mint tea is refreshing on a cold day.笑
I give 3 starts only because I think they have cut back a bit on the portions and raised the prices a bit.  The food is good though, and I cant think of anything I ordered that I didnt like.  Fattoush salad is my favorite.

Parking at this location is tricky.  I parked across the street behind the Dave's market as they had a large lot.笑
Service is good but food is bad! Heartless cooking. I think they really don't know what is Arabia food! And they should learn how to seasoning the dishes and how to use spices!笑
Food is always fresh and healthy based menu.  We eat here whenever we come to Cleveland Clinic and desire healthier eating options.  Tonight  the food was exceptionally good thanks to our server Jaimy who was so attentive to detail, gave us kind and prompt service and above and beyond kindness.  She is definitely the best server we have had here.  Ask for Jaimy!笑
Amazing service, amazing food, amazing prices.  You can not find a more value driven, service oriented mediterranean eatery in all of Cleveland.  Definately have the $1.99 all natural smoothie, lamb rolled, lentil soup, and chicken pocket.  Their signature hot sauce is perfect on most orders.  One of my favorite go to spots for dinner with friends or family.笑
Food: 4
Decor: 3
Service: 3

I came here with a group of 6 people for dinner.

1. Flavor Savor Special, 8
(Our grilled Chicken Mishwi and Beef Kafta on a bed of seasoned white rice with vermicelli. Served with a mixed greens salad topped with Lebanese Salata, along side Hummos and Falaffel. Pita on the side.)
Pretty good. Everything was quite good, and there wasn't anything I really didn't like. The beef kafta is basically sausage. Hummus was pretty good, and the falaffel was yummy.

Would probably come here again if I'm in Cleveland again.笑
Amazing food and service! The menu has so many choices and they're all so good :) If you're a fan of Lebanese food (or Mediterranean/Middle Eastern food in general), you will not be disappointed. I'm sad to be leaving the area.笑
I am currently pregnant and was looking for a healthy option; full restaurant and waited only moments for a table. Waiter (although obviously swamped) was quick, attentive and everything was perfect. Great sized portion of hummus as a starter and the pitza that I had was perfection! I've been before but never sent a review and after such a great experience thought it warranted five stars! Bon Appétit.笑
Just got back from Aladdin's about an hour ago.  The falafel and hummus are sitting in my stomach quite merrily being digested by somewhat torpid "me".

Decent price point and located very close to a place I'll often be, this is definitely a good joint for a quick lunch.  My experience with the service was fine.  The waitress moved through the menu highlights with good facility and got our orders and refilled our glasses (including one milk!) with aplomb.

Food quality was decent.  Not the best I've ever had, but for a place that is well packaged -- almost "like" a chain, it's more than competent.

I had a very generous helping of hummus, by the way.  The pine nuts really hit the spot for me.笑
Very flavorful dishes! I always order take-out and it's consistently steaming fresh. The "flavor savor" specialty is my fav b/c it literally comes with everything you can ask for. Rice, salad, beef, chicken, falafel, AND hummus!!! My friends love to order the tabbouleh w/ lamb and aladdins falafel. The employees are always really friendly too. Only reason I'm giving them 4/5 and not 5/5 is because on one gloomy night I was sooo looking forward to my reliable flavor savor special, only to bite into my beef kefta and....IT WAS PINKER THAN WILBUR THE PIG SMH...and that my friends, is unforgivable.笑
I live very near by and that is one of the reasons why I eat here often. The place is nice but not for a single person. I always feel like they are not so welcoming to single customers. 

The food, the most important ingredient, is nice. It is not exceptional like in every chain restaurant, it is okay and good sometimes. They have a good selection and many vegetarian options. I can not speak for meat eaters but I have had better vegetarian food in other places. 

Place is clean and nice to go out and have a good dinner. Don't expect large portion size or great taste, something that you can have if you don't want cook at home.笑
I've had entrees, rolled pitas, and pitzas here, and I think the best deal for what you get are the rolled pitas.  I like getting the falafel pita, which is nice because they toast the pita so you have a mixture of different textures when you bite into the wrap.  I've had dessert here and I think it's hit or miss.  Sometimes the cake is wonderfully moist, but other times it's been really dry and as a result unappetizing.  I got a smoothie here and it was really bland and full of ice chunks because they did not blend it for long enough.  So in general, mixed reviews for Aladdin's.笑
Aladdin's lives up to its reputation for wonderful Middle Eastern cuisine.  I love the variety of foods you get in the falafel plate.  They are always busy, fast, drawing all kinds of eaters, and creating a special atmosphere.  And - holy cow - those dessert slices are huge.  Maybe some day...笑
Aladdin's is one of the restaurants that I pretty much always go to whenever I visit Cleveland.  Then why did I rate it only 3 stars you say?  Well...

The Good: pitzas, wraps, cheesecake, smoothies

The Mediocre: service.  The wait staff doesn't seems to be very attentive in general.

The Bad:

1) Small serving sizes.  I know it's supposed to be a healthy restaurant, but that shouldn't mean portions so small it's impossible to be full unless at least one appetizer is ordered.

2) Salads.  I'm a very picky salad eater and unfortunately salad is a very prevalent item on Aladdin's menu no matter what you order.  Maybe I need to try a different dressing, but I usually get balsamic vinaigrette and it just doesn't integrate well with the salad.  Every time I eat it I feel like I'm eating grass soaked in pure vinegar.

Now that being said.  I think I always go there because there are definitely some dishes that I enjoy there and because it's a healthy alternative compared to my boyfriend's typical pizza/burger places.

You should definitely try it at least once though.  I guess after being there so many times I'm getting bored of the same menu over and over again.笑
Had the most fabulous meal at Aladdins! Went with mom my mom, sister, and husband for dinner and everything was fresh and incredible. we started with grape leaves and agreed they were some of the best we've had, and tried the hummus-like favs bean dip that had a strong garlic flavor we all loved. My sister had the pitza with feta and eggplant, my
Mom enjoyed her wrap with baba gannoush and veggies, and I adored the salad with rice,
Lentils, hummus and fried onions. My husband chose the platter with hummus, salad, beef kofta, chicken, and falafel. The dressings and hot sauce were also excellent. We will be back often!笑
If you are looking for a value dining option in the Heights, Aladdin's is the place. Food is very fresh, service is prompt, and not overpriced. I enjoy having vegetarian options and Aladdin's several tasty non-meat dishes. I particularly like their lentil soup and vegetarian chili. Great Mediterranean food in Cleveland Heights.笑
Yummy! Love the hummus with hot
sauce and fatoosh with chicken.笑
Always fantastic for dining in or taking out. We are particularly partial to the smoothies, rolled pitas, and soups. Don't forget dessert! Their baklava and cakes are decadent, among the best I've had in Cleveland.笑
Why haven't I reviewed this place yet?
This was the first restaurant I visited even before I moved to CLE. I'm a regular here and I have never once been disappointed. Everything is fresh, the prices are fantastic, and it's right in my neighborhood. 
Their baklava is definitely the best in CLE, and maybe even the best I've ever had? I have absolutely 0 complaints about this place. Love it. Great Lebanese food.笑
I love Aladdin's food but had never had it in the actual restaurant until a couple of days ago.  

It was amazing!  I wasn't too opposed to spending around $7 on a salad because I had a feeling the falafel would be awesome...and it was!  The service was great as well.  We never ran out of water, but our waiter didn't "bug" us either.

One small hang up was that my friend ordered chicken chili and she ended up with chili.  Our waiter noticed and apologized profusely--it wasn't that big of a deal to her anyways.

Overall, I'm excited to go back! I cleaned my plate and totally didn't feel bad about it--who would after an amazing heaping salad and great falafel?!笑
I've been to Aladdin's a million and one times, and this place has always been top notch. Not only is the atmosphere cozy and inviting with Arabic music playing in the background, but the service bends over backwards to meet the patrons' needs.

And, most importantly, the food is out of this world. 

True, the menu can be a bit overwhelming - especially to those who aren't familiar with Middle Eastern cuisine.

However, I'd recommend the Flavor Savor Special. It's a little bit of everything. Trust me when I say your taste buds will thank you.笑
The food is awesome. Catering is fantastic too - I made a last-minute order of 60 wraps about an hour before I needed them, and Aladdin's was the only place around willing to take the order with such short notice. The food was great, and they gave me a $25 gift certificate too.笑
Eh- The hostess who would have been our waitress ignored and glared at us upon our entering up until she showed us to a table. We felt uncomfortable and puzzled, so we left before ordering. This has never happened to me before! I work in the industry, and understand everyone has bad days and customers can be rude. But this was unreasonable- given that I thought we were pretty pleasant! Nothing against the food- I'll probably just go to a different location.笑
Good as usual, not amazing but certainly gets the job done. A few of the girls serving are kind of strung out looking but as of yet it hasn't affected the service, so fuck it. Spicy kafta roll is good笑
A good place to grab a bite for lunch. They really have a baba to die for. Try their gyros and alladin style wraps.笑
Great food and great service.  I especially like the shishtawook and chicken shawarma rolled pitas.笑
With a wide range of delicious Mediterranean food and warm service, Aladdin's is a nice place for when you realize it's 8PM and you haven't started dinner yet. 

Some of my favorite dishes include: Chicken Chilli with Feta, Shish Kabob-Rolled, V-9 soup with Feta and the Hummus. While the dining environment is definitely casual and family friendly, they also have some beers on the menu.

They also have arguably the best cake deserts in town. Or try the Baclava if you want to save on the calories.笑
Let me start by saying that my boyfriend and I have both been in the restaurant business for many years so we are both very critical.  One more disclaimer is that my boyfriend is a chef and we are not vegetarians, so our pallets are used to much stronger flavors.  However given all that our experience was still pretty mediocre.  Our favorite part of our experience was the atmosphere, we sat in the front window and really enjoyed the view of Cleveland.  Our service was just average, she made some recommendations (the flavor Savor, and Jasmines favorite) but she didn't go out of her way to make sure our experience was good, she just kind of went through the motions of serving us. We went with her recommendation, I added lamb to the Jasmine dish, which was the best part.  Our major complaint with everything is that it was evident tat nothing was fresh, the vegetables in my rice were clearly canned, and the chicken was obviously par-cooked and not fresh, and the beef was dry.  We enjoyed the sauces a lot which almost masked the low quality ingredients.  The hummus too was underwhelming, it was okay but it could have used a little more flavor.  We really expected something fresh and house made given that the restaurant specialized in vegetarian dishes, but we were honestly pretty disappointed.笑
Just came from Aladdin's, the service was awful. Pita was too cold. I have been to Aladdin's in Lakewood, its far better than this branch.笑
Aladdins on Cedar is excellent! The food is fresh and tastes wonderful! The service is top notch! I have loved Cleveland Heights, the Cedar and Conventry areas of Cleveland. The location is perfect!

My family and i love the entrees, which have great portion sizes. The deserts look wonderful also but we have yet to try one....watching the weight!笑
Great selection of fresh and tasty Mediterranean food all with quick and friendly service.  Definitely a place to visit!笑
My wife and I were taken here by her brother, sister in law, and their kids on Memorial Day, on our way into Cleveland proper.  Happy surprise:  the food was excellent, from the table appetizer (Foole M Damas, a lemony fava bean concoction) to the basic yet savory-sweet Aladdin's chicken pitza, featuring honey dijon dressing, garlic sauce, julienned peppers, and juicy chunks of grilled chicken.. My wife seemed pleased with her falafel salad, although I wouldn't know, as I was on baby duty, at the time.  By the time she dug in, I was across the street at Dave's Market.attempting to distract my son.  

Not sure when we'll be back in the area, but given the quality, value and quantity of food, we'll definitely be back.笑
Great place for Mediterranean style fare. Sure it's not four star dinning, but it excellent for the price, and quick if you're fairly short on time. 

The hummus is a great starter, and there is plenty of it for several people to share. I usually get the chicken schwarma rolled, and it is always good. It is hard to go wrong, however, as most of the rolled pitas are very good as well. They have a good selection of cheesecakes as well. Cheesecakes are hit or miss, however, depending on how fresh they are.笑
I can't say enough good things about this place. Service is exceptional. Food is fantastic, and very reasonable!
You absolutely must have the Baba Ganoush. (Huge portion, perfect for sharing). I have also tried the spicy Mediterranean chili (last fall), which was warm, filling and smokey delish. The house salad dressing is perfect (not too heavy), definitely try it if you go the salad route. Also, they have awesome fresh fruit and veggie smoothies, or homemade cookies and brownies!笑
This place rocks the Middle Eastern. It's casual, but what they do they do well.  I don't know about the smoothie debate but two things you must have:

- Chicken Len-Chili:  Grilled chicken on top of a bowl filled with half spicy chili and half lentil soup.  Awesome.  Try it with cheddar on top.  Other cheeses were offered, too, and they'd probably be great as well.

- Chicken Sambusek Plate: Spicy curried chicken with fresh peas, onions, and other veggies, wrapped up into a neat triangle with pita bread and served crisped and toasty.  Comes with salad; the tahini dressing I got was also great.

So, maybe it does depend on what you order, but the stuff I ate was great and very reasonable.  I'll definitely be back, and we'll see if I have a different experience.  For now, I  *heart* Aladdin.笑
I adore this place. The hummus is creamy, their pita is perfectly spongy, and their chicken pita pitza is a must have. I haven't ever tried their falafel but I've heard rave reviews about it from people I've dived with there. Atmosphere and service is good in all locations.笑
You can't go wrong with Aladdin's! I've been coming here for years and everything I've ordered has tasted great! I find myself looking over the menu for a good ten minutes before I can decide what I want because everything awesome! My current go-to's are the lentil soup, Mujadara plate, and the Fattoush salad, but the rolled pitas and the pita pitzas are fantastic options as well! Sometimes, I even order on of the appetizers, such as the Falafel plate or the hummus plate for my entire meal, and its plenty of food. I love to bring my vegetarian friends here because there are so many choices for them! The service here is always really prompt, and the food comes out to your table very soon after you order it!

Another tip: don't miss out on their smoothies (which are made with real fruit and aren't overly sweet!!!) and of course, the CAKES!笑
I love Aladdin's for an inexpensive, flavorful lunch. The Kibbie plate is a great way to start the meal. The pitzas are worth a try. We thought the chicken was a bit overwhelmed by the ranch, but the hummus pitza was bursting at the seams with flavor. Also, sit in Shannon's section. She knows her stuff - we love her! Logan was the best service experience you could expect - cheerful, excited and cordial. He's usually the manager, but you'll be lucky if he jumps in to help his team at the tables. Amazing cheesecakes - you should most definitely try the baklava one.笑
Don't miss the Hummus with hot sauce.  Kabobs are excellent, but the meat is a bit over-charred. Fresh brewed iced tea... Always appreciated.   Great place for reasonably-priced, interesting food.笑
Good, affordable, reliable. Big menu with lots of good stuff. Can be kind of busy on the weekends but you rarely have to wait.笑
Yup, this should be a regular spot for any local. A great and unique Cleveland spot. The food is excellent, very well priced, and is served with some amazing service.笑
I not only love this place but also used to work here.  The food is soooo good. No where else does it for the price and quality that aladdins does (and im from chicago and love in san diego now) Also everything is fresh and clean and i always felt good about safety and cleanliness when I worked here. I ate here almost every night I worked and my roommates were often coming in for cake :) if I ever make it back to Cleveland I will be back! Miss this place笑
Despite my interest in always trying new dishes, I find myself unable to order anything besides the Chicken Dijon Rolled and Lentil Soup when I visit Aladdin's.  Inexpensive and delicious.  Wonderful choice for takeout as well.笑
If you are used to eating at middle eastern restaurants and frequently eat Lebanese food you will be disappointed by aladdin's. However, if you are simply looking for the American take on these dishes, aladdin's will suffice.笑
My girlfriend and I came here for lunch on a weekday. The restaurant was fairly busy but we were seated and served quickly. We ordered the kibbie plate, and then I had the Aladdin's chicken pitza and she had the Chicken hummus plate. 

The kibbie, essentially coated and fried mounds of ground meat with pine nuts, comes with a yogurt sauce and cucumber tomato salad. Very tasty and the crunchy exterior contrasted the texture of the pita that was served with it. I kinda wish the pita was warmer and tasted a bit less chewy. 

Pitza, their version of pizza, was the best thing we tried. Toasted pita topped with garlic sauce (VERY strong but in a good way) with nicely marinated chicken and a dijon glaze on top. They also sell pitzas with more traditional fair like shwarma and falafel etc. 

Rachel had the chicken hummus plate and while the chicken was prepared nicely, it was just not enough chicken for how expensive it was. The surrounding hummus was good, but Algebra cafe's hummus fills my hummus fix more emphatically. Same complaint about the pita here. 

Waitress was normal with her service, which can be either good or bad depending on the person experiencing said service. 

Buh!笑
Am I the only one who thinks this franchise is overrated? It is ok (like mcdonalds) you know what you are going to get when you get there, btw i like a few things..the soups, fatoush salad, etc. It has a certain responsibility to the public to be a certain way and it is. I have not had anything "bad" it has always been good but chain like. Which is what it is...a chain.笑
This is one of my "fall back" places.  The best think I like about it is it's consistency.  No matter when you go or what Aladdins you go to, you are always going to get the same delicious food.  
My favorites include the the hummos, baba, stuffed grape leaves, salada, tobuli, the chicken salad pocket or salad (not your traditional mayo salad), any of the pizzas, mujadari plate, lentil soup, chili or even the len-chili..... and heck, just about everything. 
You have to try the hot sauce.  It's amazing (pretty hot for those sensitive to spice).  Also the garlic sauce is yummy, extremely strong though.笑
I am always amazed at how their food is consistently good, fresh and reasonably priced. 

The location is gorgeous and the staff is quick and courteous. They have a nice selection of wine and beer if you want a drink with lunch or dinner. Recommend this place to all!笑
Aladdin's is a decent Mediterranean restaurant.Has a more Greek touch than Arabic.Prices are reasonable and food is always fresh. Pastries / cheesecakes are a little pricey.笑
A great place to get fresh food for same price as the lesser quality "fast casual" chains. I think it's best suited for lunch, but I've had good dinners here too. I like the salads best, but the wraps and pita pizzas are great. The smoothies are awesome as well. They also have entrees, but if I want an entree I go to their sister eatery, Taza. The best thing about Aladdin's is you leave feeling like you had a good meal, but you don't hate yourself (and you wallet doesn't hate you).笑
We found this restaurant after arriving at the Cleveland airport.  The food was delicious and the service outstanding.  My family is half Middle Eastern and it was pretty authentic.  Everything was nicely done and very clean.  The warm bread was so tasty, and our kids really liked their grilled chicken with fresh fruit.  I wish we had time to go back before our return flight home.笑
I love Aladdin's! I enjoy finding food that I can eat here (I'm a vegetarian) and best of all, it's not too expensive. 

I've never met a dish that I don't like. I love their pita pizzas, hummus, and baba. In the summer, their salads are always nice and refreshing. Portions are HUGE though, and I usually can't finish them. They have a great selection of desserts as well, although my husband and I almost always split a piece of cake.

One of my favorite cheap eats in Cleveland Heights.笑
Absolutely delicious! Very attractive atmosphere and staff are very accommodating. Ordered the curry chicken pita and couldn't stop raving about how delectable it was! Must give this place a try if you haven't yet! YUM!笑
Two words: Garlic Sauce. It is so good, I may just start ordering sides of it to put on everything I eat.

Since living in Southeast Michigan for a time, I've come to appreciate middle eastern/Lebanese food. So far my favorite item on the menu is the Shishtawook wrap - with grilled chicken, pickles, tomato, turnips, and the almighty garlic sauce. I mean this stuff is lick your fingers good!

The hummus is not as flavorful as I wanted it to be, but its still good. It would be even better with a little lemon juice added. The baba ganoush was, I think, better than the hummus. 

The only negative I have run into is the shish kabob - the meat is cooked well done (no pink) so it can be a little dry. It hasn't been too tough or chewy though, and it does have a good flavor. On the other side, the grilled chicken tawook is amazing. Always cooked perfect, never dry and great flavor.

This is my go to place when looking for a garlic fix, that is for sure!笑
Went in on a Tuesday night to try our hand at Lebanese cuisine and was absolutely thrilled. The staff was politely attentive, and we were seated, had our orders taken and had food served in what felt like an instant. It was tough narrowing down the delicious looking menu, but ultimately we ordered the Tuna Steak Rolled Pita (so glad I introduced myself to turnips here where they were well prepared) and the Mediterranean Lamb Plate (I swear I heard my boyfriend have a food-gasm across the table). Best meal I've had in months. If we were local, it'd be a perfect usual spot for date night. Come cook in our neck of the woods, Aladdin?笑
I was in town for a conference and probably never would have found this place if it wasn't right across the street from the Hilton but I'm glad that I did.  It really is a gem.  this place is an awesome, mix of market and take-out with tons of classic Mediterranean dishes- hummus, pita, falafel etc.  I got namoura, baklava, hummus and z'atar all of which was awesome!  Whether you're staying across the street or across town this place is a must.笑
Not because it's amazing, although it's great. But because I've eaten at most of the Alladin's, often, for about 8 years and never had a bad experience. very consistent. can't go wrong.笑
Good food for the price, very friendly staff.

Parking can be tricky, especially on the weekends. But I'd highly recommend this place.笑
This is just like all the other Aladdin's I've been to. Parking here is a bit more annoying however than most other locations as it is Cleveland Heights and there are meters everywhere that do not accept credit cards. There is a city parking lot - but again it has meters. That aside, the food and service were par for the chain, which is to say good. We went late in the day and the place was rather empty. Kitchen service was fast and our server was attentive. It's a good spot for a quick lunch or dinner. Big menu.笑
Man am I bummed at myself for not coming here more often. 

The first time I came here, I got the Farmer's Pitza. I'm not a vegetarian, but it just sounded so intriguing with all of the veggies packed on top with the garlic sauce and hot sauce. If you don't like spicy, this dish isn't for you. I loved the amount of heat since I love spicy food. This dish was exceptional, because they load the banana peppers on there. The garlic is pretty strong too, but it complements all the veggies. I never thought about using a pita bread as a crust for a "pitza" but it works! Granted, it's not as thick as a normal pizza dough crust, but it still has the right amount of crunch and doesn't have that doughy flavor. Would definitely recommend to newcomers. 

If you haven't been here before, I'd also recommend the Aladdin's Favorite Combo. It has a little bit of everything and it's all delicious!! I would get this again so I don't have to choose between the beef kafta, shish kabob, or the shish tawook. Also had the baba gannouj, but it wasn't the best I've had. Nevertheless, it was still tasty and comes with an ample amount of pita bread. 

The deserts are usually whatever they have available, but they have an array of flavors of both cheesecakes and cakes. I didn't realize they had these sweets so I'll definitely be coming back for more when that sweet tooth hits. They also had some interesting smoothies and lassi drinks (mango and guava) that I'm looking forward to trying in the future. 

We had great customer service while here and our waitress was very receptive to helping us choose between dishes! Thanks for the patience with all our questions haha!

If you're in the area, stop by for a meal here!笑
Lots of vegetarian options. Save room for dessert.笑
I am so lucky to have this place across the street from where I live. I love Lebanese food. The produce here is always fresh and delicious. PLUS, the service is consistently great. So many healthy choices, it's easy to stick to any weight loss program choosing from this menu. In fact, Aladdin's website provides a nutrition info sheet for all of its items which makes calorie counting easy. I really love Aladdins.笑
I recently placed a catering order for 80 half rolled pitas from this store. Their staff is very nice and accommodating! They called me the day of to confirm the order and delivered it right on time! They also gave me a $25 gift card for placing such a large order :) I tried the chicken shawarma and the beef kafta, both of which were absolutely delicious.笑
Good food - too many gnats.  I enjoyed the atmosphere and the staff was personable and friendly.笑
The food was fresh and delicious.   Ordered the all alladin combo.   I will definitely be coming back.笑
Heard good things about this place. Stopped in for a quick lunch on a Monday. The fatayer plate was delicious with fresh greens and cucumbers. The stuffed pita was hot and delicious. Aladdin's special dressing was a little too strong for me, but I'm sure those who like olives will love it. The service was excellent and the ambiance was very nice. It took about 7 minutes for my food to arrive after the order and I walked out with a healthy meal. Definitely going back to this place to try a different dish on their big menu. Their parking is in the rear so don't miss it.笑
I tried one of their pita pizzas over the weekend it was pretty good. I also ordered a side of rice and I like how their rice is like a pilaf. Very good. I'm a fan.笑
Delicious and big serving of Babaganoush.  I've had a lot of their wraps, all deligious.  super cheap.  go here all the time笑
This place is a little bit on the pricey side but the food was pretty good! I really loved their hummus, salad, and the felafel. Not a big fan of Mediterranean food, I would only give it a  three star - maybe it was not too fair haha. The restaurant is usually not very busy so you will be able to get your seat very soon. It is also very clean, which I liked. You will also get a decent amount of attention from the waiters. Oh btw, the waiters are very friendly and charming ;)

They also deliver - our school has in fact ordered catering from aladdin's for MANY times, and our students loved it.笑
Legitimately the worst "Lebanese" food I have ever had. If you want to eat somewhere that for some reason has chicken salad instead of fattoush, then go here. 

Usually I'm more critical of Middle Eastern restaurants since I am Lebanese, but seriously. This place has no right calling itself a Lebanese restaurant. Their shawarma was terrible and had no garlic, and the only decent samdwich I tried was their chicken curry (and curry isn't even a Lebanese spice).

Their hummus is despicable. It tasted like ground paint. That said, their baba was pleasantly tasty.

I heard their desserts are pretty good, but their food was so terrible I had no desire to eat anything else. I don't know of any good Middle Eastern places near Cleveland, but Aladdin's made me lose hope I would ever find one.笑
I love the food here and the great service. Have visited many branches and gotten great service. Food is always good. Pita bread is awesome, I always buy more!笑
This is a great place to eat for large groups, especially when some within the group may be vegetarian! The menu has a wide variety of dishes for both vegetarian and "meatatarians" alike. They also have freshly blended smoothies and juices as well! I've even stopped by here after a workout just for their "Tropical Storm" smoothie.

The food is solid here, and is affordable which is a definite plus! My favorite appetizer to get for a large party of people is the vegetarian combo. The combo allows you to sample hummus, tabouli, baba, falafel (mmmh love falafel!!), and dawali. The portion size is fairly big, and can feed roughly 4-6 fairly well. Usually sharing this and getting a rolled pita fills me. I've tried the hummus falafel roll, and Aladdin's kabob roll. I prefer the falafel roll, because I like my meat a little more tender than the way they prepare it. The kibbie is also a great dish to try! I love the spices mixed in with the meat! Aladdin's also has a long list of cakes for dessert, so if you feel like indulging you just have to walk up to the display case and choose your gratifying treat!笑
I love it here!  It is very affordable and great tasting!!

My favorite is the rolled falafel for about $5, but I've enjoyed everything I've ordered from there especially their salads笑
If I didn't live so far away I would come here all the time!! If only I had a...magic carpet. Sorry, that was terrible. 

Onto the food! The pita, hot sauce, and hummus that serve as the appetizers are delicious. Make sure you ask for the hot sauce because I've never had anything as amazing as that. Also, don't be too intimidated by the name; I'm a wimp when it comes to spicy foods, but this was more than manageable. 

I ordered the sampler entree plate, which came with beef, chicken, rice, and a salad all on one plate. The chicken and beef were seasoned and cooked perfectly, the rice was flavorful, and everything tastes really damn good. 

If I had to go again, id definitely try out the pita rolls. they have a wide variety of types and have great value: $6 for a roll easily the size of my arm. 

Thanks, Aladdin. You've opened my eyes to a whole new world!

...okay, I'm done.笑
My husband and I have eaten at Aladdins twice and both times we were extremely pleased with the food quality, friendly staff, and overall experience. The first time we ate here was after a long day of apartment shopping since we are new to the area. We ordered the appetizer sampler plate and some kebabs of lamb and rice. I don't remember what the dishes were called but it was excellent! We also ate here for dinner the fist day we officially moved into our apartment and were so pleased that Aladdins is just 2 walking blocks from us! I have a feeling we will be going here a lot... :) I got the Kibbie plate and my husband ordered one of the wraps with steak and it was sooo good! I will definitely order a wrap next time. Overall, this place has a wide variety of healthy and tasty food, casual comfortable atmosphere, friendly service, and plentiful portions. So happy it is in our neighborhood.笑
Middle eastern food all seems so bland. And that is why I am drawn to it. I love that a lot of different dishes use similar ingredients and they are all so healthy. Seriously though, everything looks like a different shade of tan, or beige, or khaki mush so it surprises me that everyone seems to like it. This is the kind of place you can suggest to a large group of people who have little in common and everyone will agree to eat there, and they'll feel good about it.笑
Love this place as the food is always fresh and well prepared.   The Jasmine ' Rice is a wonderful meal.  I love it with lamb or chicken and my vegetarian friends enjoy it without meat.   Very good juices and nonalcoholic drink selection.  Save room for the wonderful baklava or take some home.   Perhaps there could be more wait staff but everyone is pleasant and attentive.笑
Aladdin's is affordable, delicious, and has great portions.  Sometimes I just order the len-chili soup and split an order of hummus with a friend, and I'm totally satisfied.  The stuffed pita pockets are also a good choice. It's sort of overwhelming how much salad you get, but the food is always fresh and healthy.  When in doubt, I usually go to Aladdin's for a quick, health dinner.笑
I really enjoyed my lunch at Aladdin's. Their menu is expansive - it took me forever to choose what I wanted, and I think that I'd have been happy with any number of things.  The food is reasonably priced and pretty tasty. I want to go back sometime and try some of the cheesecake that they proudly display, too!笑
Generally good and healthy. I wish their service were more consistent. Some days, the people who work there/ take phone orders are super nice, and some days they have terrible moods. Also, I don't think the hot sauce is so special to warrant the extra charge for a little cup of it. Falafel are pretty good for Cleveland. Food is probably 3.5 stars, but service hurts it.笑
After being deployed to the middle east, I can tell you this menu is pretty authentic.  I make some pretty good humus, but this place is GREAT...  Get any meal with this key component and meat and you will not be disappointed.笑
Excellent food, varied menu, casual atmosphere.  Prices are reasonable and the staff is friendly.  My only recommendation is that they repair the paint and plaster that is falling off the ceiling.  I am worried it just might fall into the food at some point.笑
I went to this place so many times when in
college.  It is a small Ohio chain.  It is Lebanese that has American tones, but is very good.  The food quality and coffee does change with location, some are a little better or worse than others, but generally the food is good.  You can spend and get a full meal, but it is reasonable, or get a wrap for less.  You can also eat appetizers and have coffee if you want a lighter meal.  This particular location is special to me as I spent so many Friday or Saturday nights there for late dinner and sometimes coffee with my classmates, many from other countries.  Its in a cozy location and the  atmosphere is a little big cityish at times which is nice.笑
Aladdin's offers a wide range of Mediterranean dishes with many different combinations.  They've got a good mix of somewhat healthy stuff as well as some rich goods to satisfy any appetite.

I'm really picky about falafel and consider it as a make or break for many restaurants.  Aladdin's definitely passed the test as theirs was a great combination of fluffy on the inside and crispy on the outside.  The flavor wasn't too overwhelming with just a hint of bitterness.  Their lamb rolled wrap is decent but the onion was a little overwhelming.  It had more of a fast food taste and feel to it than a restaurant entree.  My friend ordered one of their "pitzas" which was essentially an open-faced pita with a "thin crust" pizza feel.

I would highly recommend Aladdin's for both restaurant dining and takeout.  When you're hungry, their food really hits the spot.笑
I've lived next to Aladdin's for a couple of years.  I think it is decidedly average.  The restaurant does a lot of things well, and it really is a nice option for affordable Mediterranean food.  Good items on the menu include the various plates, sandwiches, and soups, but after multiple visits, I've settled on the overstuffed salad pockets, with their nice combination of starch and lettuce and nice dressing.  I would recommend staying away from the smoothies and kitschy pitzas.

If you like desserts, Aladdin's has good baklava and offers a large selection of cakes, and you can also grab a bag of pita bread to go that is way better than anything at the grocery store.

I've always had a positive experience except for the one time when the hummus was tooo salty, but despite of (or maybe because of) living next door, I never crave their food and always go for the convenience.  Overall, okay but not great.笑
I still like their entrees for nice budget dining, but I was not happy with their desserts.  YUCK!  You know those All-You-Can-Eat dessert lines - where all the cakes and pies look so amazingly good, but taste like nothing?  Well, that is exactly the case here.  Their dessert case looks too good to be true, and it is.  Now, I don't know about their Baklava, I have never tried it, but I will.  But it is certainly true for their cakes.  After 2 bites of each, I threw several pieces of cake away.  That is sacrilegious to a dessert lover like me.  It is like taking a bite of fake food additives.  Nothing tastes real about these cakes.  So after dinner, save yourself some $, don't be fooled by the pretty sky high cakes, and go to Prestis, Corbos, or even Heinin's for a slice of cake.  

The other good news is that service is still awesome!笑
Unfortunately, the dove is not working. we want to try curry pizza. however, the pita is also very good笑
We moved from Cleveland to Seattle nine years ago and come back to visit every year or so. Each trip is not complete without a visit to, or takeout from, Aladdin's. Tonight we had a takeout feast of lentil soup, falafel salad, chicken shawrma, and dolmas rolled pita. The food is fresh and way yummy, a perfect spot for lunch or an affordable dinner.笑
Loved eating here when we lived in the Heights, hopping place.  Great food.  My son loved the smoothies.笑
I stumbled into this restraunt last year. We were wandering, a little hungry, a little lost, and hopped in. The name sounds generic and led me to think I would be disappointed, but I was highly impressed that time and the two other times I have had the privilege to eat here.

I am a vegetarian and my dad is a carnivor. Both of us were very satisfied by our meals. I get used to having to sift through menus to find the one thing I can eat, but I can eat half the things on the menu. It's beautiful seeing all those meat free dishes.

I normally split the vegetarian appetizer sampler with my mother along with a smoothie (I prefer the tropical  storm and the fresh fruit) which I add kale to with no up-charge.  Their hummus is beautifully creamy and their falafel is crisp on the outside with a fluffy center. I am in love with stuffed grape leaves (dawali) and appreciate that their cooks are light handed with the olive oil. 

This time we got their rolled pita with humus and falafel and appetizer of fatyar (sort of a spinach pastry but with pita instead of fillo).
 
My only complaint is that they are a bit heavy handed with their onion.笑
Can't really go wrong with the place, service is good & food is great. I can always count on this place for a clean meal.笑
I haven't been here in several years, but if Aladdin's is anything like I remember, it is a great place for dinner in Cleveland.  The food was tasty and the place has a great atmosphere.  Good for casual dinner, and I recall them having great desserts!笑
Consistently delicious, with many healthy options. The service is always fast for dining in or take out. The baba is always fantastic and goes great with the fresh veggie crudités.笑
Ive been in here dozens of times. I like the food a great deal. The service is hit or miss. Decor is really cool and mid mod and its clean and nicely decorated with vintage concrete trellises and netted cylindrical hanging lights. Ive had most of their pita sandwiches. Salads are always good. Big and delicious. Priced right. The Greek salad with chicken is always a winner but order an Aladdin salad with gyro meat, my personal favorite. Any of their pita sandwiches are spot on. In particular, try the Shish Tawook sandwich. Parking in the back is free. Dinner for two is around 30 bucks.笑
I love their hummus. It's slightly smoky (perhaps my imagination), creamy, and a bit tart. Really fantastic. My favorite I've found in Cleveland. I also cannot get enough of their Greek chicken salad. I'm a lucky lady to have this location around the corner from my apartment. I've never tried any dishes at Aladdin's that weren't fabulous. 

Heads up, their spinach pie is a pie...not a spanakopita. I once ordered a spanakopita for pick up and wound up getting something different than expected.

Also, be sure to get a side of their hot sauce. You may find yourself tempted to drink it. No judgement here. I've certainly been there ;).笑
This week was probably my 10th or 11th visit to an Aladdin's Eatery and 3rd trip to this one.  Their Hummus is wonderful, their Fresh juices are very tasty and their dinners are all very good.  Presentation is fine, not like Lolita's or Lola's, but then the taste is SO much better.  Not ever too salty, and very flavorful.  I will definitely be a repeat patron.  I love their Falafels, baba, and salads.  I have not found that any salad has too much dressing as it is always served on the side.  Try it, it's a great place for Mediterranean food.笑
I had a craving for Middle Eastern food, and this was nearby so I decided to try it out. The food itself and ingredients were very good. Everything had a nice fresh taste to it, especially the salad. 

The staff was very nice, and they got the order out in good time.

I would strongly recommend getting the house salad sauce. It was a nice balance of olive oil, mint, and all the right herbs. It went perfectly with the salad and any remaining pita bread. 

The falafels were not the best, but it was definitely one of the better falafels I've had in Cleveland. I know many people liked the yogurt sauce, but I really did not care for it. The hummus was good, again I've had better -- maybe I'm just used to how Israelis make it; it had an interesting aftertaste that was not the most pleasant. In contrast, I really loved the Baba. The tabbouleh had a really fantastic fresh taste to it; I just wished that the different foods in the appetizer combo would be better separated.

The food is nice, but I disagree with the current rating of it only being a "$" restaurant. The dish prices can add up really quickly. The main dishes are all about 10 dollars and up. If you're looking for something a bit more wholesome than say cheap Chinese food, then this is a really good option.笑
the one thing it is consistent on is being a disappointment. They are not very nice to their customers (and you know me with customer service...) there are just so many better Mediterranean restaurants around town! Dont waste your time!笑
As  you may know, if you follow my reviews, my reviews are usually long but today I will make this one short. 


   Walking into Aladdin's I must admit that I expected more when it came down to the decor but decor comes second to the tasting of the food. I decided to try something different since I've had baba ghanoush and stuffed grape leaves from a food truck in legacy village and it kills me that I don't know that name of that restaurant, but it was delicious!!! So, craving some of that wonderful baba ghanoush, I decided to treat my friend and my boyfriend to dinner at Aladdin's. The service was mediocre, our waitress was friendly but just not caring. I informed her that we were new to the restaurant and instead of walking us through the menu and recommending a dish or an appetizer, she told us that she would give us more time to look over the menu. 

  The first thing that I noticed on the menu was Baba, but no ghanoush? How different could it be? Well, not so great. My friend on the other hand eats mediterranean food so she was able to vouch for me. We both agreed the the Baba needed some work, it had a bitter taste and a creamy consistency which was not pleasant at all. the Baba was served with pita bread and even that wasn't all the great. the pita bread was too thin and reminded me of two ply tissue. It was served Luke warm, more so closer to cold. She rated it a 7 out of 10 and I rated it a 2 out of 10 because I had so much better than that. I constantly had to wash it down with my tropical storm smoothie. 

   The Tropical smoothie was nothing special, especially not for over $3, I was better off getting a Coke. The smoothie lacked all the other flavors that it promised, due to the over powering banana water and chunky ice.  On a mintier note, the mint tea was fresh and our waitress kept my boyfriend's cup filled and it was very fragrant and delicious and I don't care for mint teas but that one was good. 

I ended up getting the spicy karfta roll, and it was alright. It was a safe choice but it just didn't have that star quality at all. it just lacked a lot in spice and flavor and it wasn't served with a sauce at all, to which my friend used the Baba as her sauce but I didn't dare ruin my meal with that stuff.  It defiantly would have been worth it if it wasn't served on a plate wrapped in foil with no type of appeal to it. Just a rolled up tube on a plate. My boyfriend on the other hand enjoyed his specialty platter which had a little bit of everything on it. He also gotten that lentil soup which was thin and watered down and lacked flavor as well, it also did not look appealing. 

I almost forgot, if you love dark beer, they have a wonderful beer called **Atwater vanilla java port**, that was wonderful. 

My over all experience, was not so great but the fact that I was able to eat all of my food earned this restaurant an extra star. This place was not for me and if it wasn't for my friend I would never try mediterranean food again but she knows of a Turkish place on Lee Rd. that she thinks is delicious. Be on the look out for that review because I'm going to tell it all.笑
Just enjoyed Aladdin's in Cleveland Heights with my wife and we both really liked it and will be back soon to try something else on their extensive menu. My Falaffel Pitza was very good, if anything I maybe would have preferred a whole wheat pita, but didn't even think to ask. My wife loved her carrot smoothie. Very good prices, our server was knowledgeable, polite, attentive. The decor is nice, bathrooms were very clean, overall a very good experience!笑
This is one of those places that I frequent so often that I never really thought about reviewing it.  They have a very nice deal for their "Flavor Savor" platter (not on their menu online) which consists of falafel, beef kafta, chicken, salad, and rice.  My girlfriend usually gets a chicken pitza or a beef kafta roll - both are very tasty as well.  She also really likes the cookies.

We've eaten in and taken out and we've always been treated well. They also always let us take home extra pita bread.笑
Very good and HEALTHY food. Great smoothies and desert. Friendly service. Great location as well. It can get loud, but the second floor is a more quiet refuge appropriate even for an informal meeting or group outing.笑
I absolutely love Aladdin's food. I've never ordered anything here that I didn't like, it's pretty healthy, and it's a great value for the price too! 

I'm a huge fan of their carrot smoothie, and I always always get their baba with hot sauce. In the winter I almost always get their chicken chili, but I also love their rolled pitas, chicken sambusek.. and everything else I've ever had. The rice with vermicelli that comes with a lot of the specialty plates is really good too!

I'm pretty sure they get some of their desserts, like the cheesecakes, from a local bakery. I don't usually get dessert here, but when I was younger I used to be absolutely obsesssssed with the chocolate truffles. I've never tried their baklava or any other desserts, but I'm sure they're great too!笑
I went to Aladdin's on a Monday night and was surprised that there was a decent amount of people in the restaurant. Our waitress was attentive and kind, and the atmosphere is cute, clean, and cozy.  Honestly, I spent a good portion of my meal drooling over the huge cakes in the dessert display in the middle of the store. Overall, a good experience.

We got a regular hummus to start. It was a great idea, the hummus has a wonderful nutty flavor and the pita is just plain good. I followed up with the Sfina plate, I'd definitely recommend it! It had spiced beef, pine nuts, and a few other things wrapped into a "pita pie" that was toasted, crispy, and had a bit of cheese melted on top.  It came with a side salad that had dark greens, mushrooms, and olives. Perfect! And the Aladdin's house dressing, a lemon vinaigrette of sorts, was probably my favorite thing of the day. It was just tart, but not enough that I was going to pucker, and had a nice peppery flavor. I'll be back!笑
This place has really solid food, I would recommend it for anyone.  Even the kiddos were happy with their food.  The savor flavor is a great combo plate.Save room for dessert, you will be glad you did!笑
Clearly much has already been written on Aladdin's, but one unique thing to note--I believe that the salad servings are larger at this location than at the Hudson outpost.  Yesterday's Taza Chicken Salad was served in a proper salad bowl, as opposed to Hudson's use of a soup-style bowl.  Same food, but more for your money here!

The soups and the chilis seem to pack the most bang for the buck--economical, tasty, and filling.  They also respected my request for a light cheese topping by not gobbing up the whole dish.  I always leave Aladdin's feeling happy and full.笑
Sweet deliciousy goodness, is this place for real? I have never walked out of an Aladdin's without being completely stuffed as well as totally satisfied. I mean really, hats off to these guys because their food is not only awesome, its really consistent throughout their locations which I've noticed can sometimes be a problem with restaurants like this.

My typical order is either the hummus or baba for an appetizer, along with a side of vegetables. If you like hummus and hummus-like things but have never tried baba, get it. Seriously, you'll thank me later. Want to jazz it up a bit and get crazy? Ask for their special hot sauce. I don't know what exactly is in this stuff but it's like crack. I would bath in it if that wouldn't be super weird... Get it with the hummus too. One word: heaven.

Anyways, after I eat my weight in appetizers I get the vegan chili. It is honestly so good I have strongly considered ordering two servings of it for one sitting (no I totally do NOT have an eating problem! I swear!) 

Back when I wasn't vegan I would get the taza chicken salad. Guys, this dish is legit. Don't let the word "salad" scare you away, it is seriously so good and super filling. 

I don't think I have ever brought anyone here and had them not be totally impressed with the food and service. In fact, every time my sister comes into town she insists on Aladdin's. My family will even get a huge take-out order right before they leave to drive back to NY so they can have it when they get home. It's that good guys.

Do yourself a favor and check this place out. I promise you will love it. (Ok, so I can't really PROMISE you'll love it, but I am pretty sure you'll at least like it, so go!)笑
Back in April (2014) I called for take-out order of the Hummus Shawarma Plate just before closing time. The service was quick, my order was ready faster than expected, and the food was great. It was a perfect midnight snack. I'd definitely go back if I'm ever in Cleveland again.笑
I don't even care for chili and I always order it. It's very good. It's homemade so you never know the level of spicy it will be. Aladdin's also has some of the best *homemade* hot sauce. So much so, you can buy a container of it. The hummus is a little soupy and not the best around, but it's still worth ordering before your meal. They have been offering while food smoothies long before it was trendy. If you visit this Cleveland staple, you will not be disappointed.笑
Yuck. So unauthentic. Makes me ache for Detroit Middle Eastern options.笑
Very disappointed. I ordered the chicken Shawarma and it was very bland. Edible but not tasty at all.笑
Went with a large group that included a number of people that needed gluten free options. Not only did they accomodate our large walk in group, but the manager immediately came to our table to discuss the gluten free choices. I had the Chicken vegetable soup and the "Aladdin's Lamb rolled pita". Both were excellent, and the portions were good and service was great!! I was also able to sample the "Taza Chicken Salad', which was a very tasty combo of chicken, zuchinni, grapes and dried cranberries, topped with a Honey Dijon dressing and Feta cheese. Great combination!! Other people in our party had the Beef Kafta and raved about it. I wanted to try some of what was on the "Aladdin's Favorite Combo" platter, but it was quickly devoured by the children in our group! They are going to be opening in downtown Kent in the near future, so I'll be waiting....