No longer the best. Changed ownership a year or two ago, and not the same preparation or ingredients. Not super terrible, just not special anymore.笑
The tacos here are delicious and definitely authentic. One bite of these savory tacos took me back to my honeymoon in Mexico. I cannot speak of the burritos or the quesadillas because I've never had them. I stick to my tacos. I've tried all their tacos. My favorite are the steak and chicken tacos with a side of guacamole & chips.

For Maize fans:
This spot has better sauces, and is more affordable. If you want the maize taste just ask them to add cheese. You end up eating just as good if not better for a reasonable price.笑
Delicious! I love their Elotes. One of the only places in Champaign where I can find a good elote. Tacos are great! Delivery and online ordering is extremely convenient笑
I wish I would have eaten here sooner!  I only recently discovered this little gem and had to go back within 48 hours to get another fix.  The food is amazing.  During my first trip, I had a chorizo taco Mexico style (cilantro & onions) and a chorizo quesadilla.  Holy chorizo, Batman!  It was so good and such a huge serving.  The taco was ah-freakin-mazing.  I love that you can order Mexico style with cilantro and onion or American style with lettuce and tomatoes.  The quesadillas are overstuffed and toasted perfectly.  One quesadilla could definitely feed two, especially if you throw 1 or 2 tacos in the mix.  I've also tried the steak taco, American style and the chicken quesadilla.  The food is so fresh tasting and the meat tastes like real, high quality product. 

Another huge perk... The workers!  They are so friendly.  During our first visit, we were given some homemade pickled jalapenos to try.  They were amazing.  They aren't on the menu, so I'm not sure what to ask for next time I want them!  

You have to try this place!  It's cash only and they will wrap your food to go if you prefer to not eat at the picnic table.笑
Tried the tamales, they are awesome. Not quite as good as homemade, but they beat El Toro by a long shot. I'm sad I only ordered one. 

Delivery times are not great. I once waited over an hour for it to get to me. I don't think it is unacceptable though, as they only have one driver and deliver to all of Champaign and Urbana. Overall, picking it up is so much faster but either way I think it is worth it. I've never gotten cold food or a messed up order.笑
Oh my god I love this place! Reasonable price,  a wide variety of menu, and delicious food!!! I ordered  regular chicken burrito, guacamole and eloté. They were all excellent.笑
Ahh I love this place... I need to try the tortas and elotes still. But they have really great asada tacos and their salsa is good quality too. Friendly guy works there, we had a good chat about Mexico.笑
Good stuff!  I had the tacoritos, and he told me initially about an 8 minute wait.  It was about twice that, but it was worth it.  Yummy!  Most of the folks stopping by were getting tacos, and I'll be trying it again, and will try those.  Apparently, a pretty popular stop. Right next door to an authentic mexican store, so if you want something like Mexican Coke or Pepsi, or baking ingredients, etc. it's right there!笑
Let me tell you, it is a shame that only 26 people have written reviews before me.  This place is amazing! Best tacos I have had in a long time.  I hope they open up a restaurant soon but if they don't I'm perfectly fine ordering from their truck!笑
I've driven past this truck many times and wondered if anyone actually eats there. I searched Mexican food in yelp and it popped up. I read the reviews, which were all good, so I ordered the chips and salsa, elote (corn on the cob with cheese and chili powder) and mini chimichangas.  Everything was so good. It's just as good as Maize but cheaper and you don't have to wait in long lines. They deliver too. I will definitely eat here again! Best authentic Mexican food in this area.笑
Best burrito in town. Blows chipotle out of the water. Great price. Get the jumbo burrito if you are man enough.笑
Real good food!  Burito could be a bit larger(1 star alone) taco de pollo, yum!  They ask if you want it American or Mexican style.  Onions and cilantro being the added goodies on the Mexican style. Mexican style all the way.  What would American style come with, corn syrup, guns and xenophobia? Hah!  The verde salsa is a must, at least with chicken tacos.  Good to see a food truck in champaign.  Support it.笑
I crave Mexican food often & am a seasoned food truck stalker so this was the perfect opportunity of passion & skill. Upon seeing the rave reviews & a Yelp coupon, we set out on bike to work up an appetite. We found the truck in a mini lot with a very wobbly picnic table on the cusp of a busy street. Our pre-order was waiting: The chorizo nachos ($7.25) was small & consisted of some deep fried tortillas that weren't all that crisp. It was topped with chorizo & cheese. The beef & chorizo torta ($7) was filled with meat, avocado, onions, a few green things. It was well-balanced & tasty. The tacos ($2) were done up Mexican style (i.e., onions & cilantro) with pastor in warmed corn tortillas. It all comes with several salsas. I get tamales about everywhere I can. So naturally, one appeared in our order. The chicken tamale ($2.50) was tiny & came with cheese sauce. Overall, it was ok. I'd possibly get the tacos & tortas again. And beware of the wobbly table!笑
I moved to Champaign from San Antonio and the taco trucks and great food has been dearly missed!  I ordered tacos from here for my workplace and they were a huge hit! They have great variety of tacos that they offer and their tortilla chips are to die for.  They also offer my favorite horchata drink. They made me not miss Texas as much. If you looking for some good cheap food that even kids wiould enjoy I highly recommend going here and picking up some food.    I will definitely be going back to this place! :D笑
This is hands down my favorite taco restaurant in Champaign Urbana.  It looks very unassuming and somewhat questionable if you don't normally eat truck food. There is an easy menu of flavorful basics: tacos, flour or corn, American and Mexican, tortas, burritos, and guacamole. Everything runs from $2 (tacos) to $8 for a massive burrito. But the star of this place is the elote.  Being from Chicago, elotes are a part of summertime. It's easy to make: cheese, corn on the cob, and chilé but the flavors have to be just right to be authentic. And luckily for us poor central Illinoisians, Motorizado figured it out. For $2.50 you can enjoy this wonderful treat. They do go fast but if you come by at lunch, they usually have it. The service is quick. Just grab two sauces and a Jarritto from the shop next door and you're living the life. Heads up that there is no place to sit except one picnic table that might snap if you sit too long. It's definitely a part of the charm,  lol.笑
For the value and the taste, this place can't be beat! My burrito was HUGE and delicious. It cost $6 with everything in it, and lasted me for lunch AND dinner. Also, their green and red salsas are homemade and especially tasty. I want to go back right now! Please note they have new picnic table seating, and the Hawaiian Ice place is right next door for dessert.笑
Delicious.  Very good service. Tamales are to die for.  They packed it up so nice to be carried out so it wouldn't leak.笑
Delicious tacos and some good hot sauce to compliment them. Not bad on the pricing for the amount either. I'd stop there again when in the area and try a torta.笑
I'm so happy there is a taco truck in town! I eat here a lot. I've personally had the tacos, burrito, torta, and elote. All are very good. As for meat options, I've tried the steak and the chicken (only two I can eat out of the usual selection). Both are good, but the chicken is something special. I'm not sure how they prepare it, but it has great flavor.
You must get the salsa, both kinds. Like the restaurant run by the same folks (Mas Amigos), the salsa is utterly fantastic and makes the dish.笑
First time ordering tonight, everything was great! Veggie torta, veggie tamal, chicken fajitas and elote, we love it all, a lot of flavor and very tasty! Will be coming back again!笑
I had the burrito from here and it was great. Not overpriced and it was cooked well. Go here instead of taco bell!笑
I really really wanted to love this! I went there to try the chorizo burrito only to be told they didn't have the chorizo made yet. Fair enough so I decided to go with the steak burrito as a second choice. It was good the pico was good cilantro was fresh. Steak however was tough and grisely and I found it not to be seasoned at all. Bummer. I will probably try again since everybody should get another chance. I hope next time they have the chorizo. Till then I can say it's just ok.笑
Amazing food. I haven't ordered in a while since I no longer live in Champaign but I thought I'd leave the review anyways. 

I've tried the veggie burrito and it was absolutely amazing. I love how the food comes with the complementary dipping sauces (all which are extremely high quality unlike some of those of other Mexican places on green street). The food itself was clearly freshly made and not just slapped with the "fresh" label. 

The delivery has always been on time and the individual delivering has been courteous enough to ring the buzzer and come upstairs and drop the food off and not call me and expect me to come down.

All in all, I'm very impressed. This place is as good as Maize (actually probably better) and also delivers. If I didn't live so far away from the actual food truck itself, i'd be going there quite often.笑
These guys rock out loud. Hands down best place for street Tacos!笑
EDIT: 

Really really disappointed in my order today. I had a 5 star review before but today kind of ruined it. 1) I am okay waiting an hour for my order if it is good & what I ordered, but today it was not, which makes the wait disappointing. 2) I ordered cheese, tomatoes, and lettuce on my taco. Got sour cream and lettuce....which I can not eat and threw away. 3) I ordered cheese nachos, paid $4.28. I got 4 pieces of tortilla chips, which were hard and crusty slices of cheese. 

Really disappointed because I just recently ordered from them for the first time and was ecstatic about how good it was ! Ordered 4 times in 2 weeks after that. Don't get me wrong, I think their food is amazing, and the elotes are definitely worth it. But I was really disappointed today :(


EDIT::
Just ordered for the first time today. Ordered the 3 taco meal (steak tacos, rice, beans); came with chips and salsa, elote and horchata. Everything tasted amazing, and I'm pretty picky when it comes to Mexican food. 10x better than Miaz and Burrito King. Check this place out ! Did have to wait an hour to receive my food, which is kind of iffy, but it ended up being worth it !笑
Finally, great Mexican delivery in Urbana! We ordered beef nachos and a chorizo burrito, standard take out Mexican fare. The food was delicious, and much better than comparable delivery joints in the neighborhood. Everything was hot, and the vegetable toppings were fresh and crisp. Excellent chips arrived at our door promptly and still warm (temps this evening are about 15 degrees outside, so hot delivery was no small feat). I will definitely call these guys again. My only regret is for my waistline :)笑
These guys are available for delivery on GrubHub so check em out there if you don't feel like driving to the truck. They always stay in one spot, but that's a good thing! The food is a little greasy, but aren't most Mexican joints? Get the nachos! Any kind. Plain, supreme, whatever. The seasoning they put on them is incredible. My wife loves the Chimichanga Dinner, and I always get the Burrito Supreme, or the one with chorizo (can't remember the name). Keep it up guys. The food is great!笑
I give the food 5 stars but the 1 hr delivery is a bit much.  Eaten here several times...chicken tacos are delicious madness.....chorizo is good too, tamale are great as is the Dips....笑
I stopped by here on a lovely Saturday afternoon. I've been craving food from a truck after months of watching the food network. Taco Motorizado did not disappoint.

Fair warning before you go: Cash only, no seating available.

A tweet from Champaign Taste sent me in this direction and I had a steak torta. It was loaded with steak, veggies, and cheese. It was messy and fantastic. Easily the best torta I've had. The steak was in small bits and was great; some Mexican restaurants have chewy steak in their food, this was the opposite.

I'm nervous putting this review up in fear the lines will stretch from the parking lot to the intersection of Prospect and Bradley, but I really want this place to stay open.

See CT's review here ... http://champaign-taste.blogspot.com/笑
Looks very unassuming, but it is a hidden gem in Urbana. Have had tacos, tortas, burritos, etc. and never been disappointed in the quality. Elote is a must!! My only wish is that they would park on campus during lunch hours!!