- Food is over priced for what you get
- Food takes a very long time to come out.  We were the only ones there and it took over an hour
- There was no music at the jazz bar, only a sports game on the TV笑
I've been here a few times during the past year and every time I had fun! It's a great restaurant and in the evenings there's great entertainment. I particularly enjoyed TAXI. I hosted a birthday party here in January and everyone had a great time. Everyone dances after 11, and the ambiance is always a blast!!笑
Terrible service, 3 course meal took about hour in between courses.
And that's why I guess they bring you your bill with tip included. Never will spend my money here again.笑
Reservation was taken incorrectly so our group had to squeeze extra people on the end of the table; When asked about coat check they said they would probably do it that night but weren't liable for the jackets security; various errors were made on our orders (probably 5 out of 15 people); bread was delivered after we finished our entrees despite asking a few times; portions were small and uninteresting for the cost. Service was generally unapologetic about the multiple errors; Music was good.笑
Close to 1230 AM on a Saturday, looking for somewhere close north of the city to chill.. we ended up at Alleycatz.

$10 cover and $2 coat check and $7 for beers....

Live Band sings some R&B, not exactly dance music or Jazz but is quite entertaining. 

Crowds are a little older most of them over 30s and mostly guys......

Watching the mating rituals is an entertainment in itself!笑
In an area that does not have a lot of bars and nightlife, Alleycatz is one of the hole in the wall places that actually gives people a chance to just hang out and get drunk instead of going to a sit down restaurant. I first came here a long long time ago. Like almost 6 years ago when the decor was absolutely terrible. When I recently came back, I was hesitant about going because I hated it the first time but was in for a shock once I stepped in. The decor is a lot nicer now. We sat down for dinner and planned on staying the night to just get drunk and dance with a couple of the girls. 

For appetizers, I had the alligator. I've eaten this before in Southern USA and was blown away by it down there. Here, I guess it's just not that good. I mean seriously, are there even alligators in Canada nowadays? The Lobster ravioli was my main course and it was pretty good. I could have probably eaten another order of it because it did not really fill me up. However, I knew if I did, then I would not be fitting anymore alcohol in so that idea went out the window. One of my friends got the stuffed chicken supreme which looked absolutely delicious. I may have to try that if I ever come back. After splitting 2 bottles of wine, I made an executive decision to hit up a nightclub so we actually never got to see how good or bad the night here was.笑
What an incredibly disappointing first impression we had received from Alleycatz's service and staff members last night.  My friends and I had never experienced such disorganized, disrespectful and uncommunicative staff like we had last night for my friend's birthday.

I had made reservations about a month and a half ago online, and the staff who communicated with me (John C.) had said that the e-mail was sufficient to make the reservation for seven people on April 24th at 7:30pm and that no call was necessary.  On April 23rd, I received a phone call from a male confirming the reservation for the next day and of course, I confirmed it.  No other information was exchanged.

On April 24th, my friends and I arrived at Alleycatz (for all of us, it was our first time making reservations to eat there).  One of my friends and I walked in to the lounge/restaurant and asked one of the servers if we could place our cake in their fridge for our friend's birthday.  Here is where the lack of communication comes in between staff members: 

Waitress #1 says sure, but there would be a cake-cutting fee.  (?!??!!)
So I explained that it was okay, because our cake didn't need to be cut since they were mini bite-sized cakes, we just wanted to know if we could put it in their fridge.
Waitress #2 comes by and was nice enough to say sure, you can put it in our fridge, that should be fine, and we'll just take it out to your table once you're ready. (Great!!)
Waitress #1 cuts in saying "but there's still a cake-cutting fee."  (?!!!??!)
A random male staff member standing several feet behind them says yes, there's a $20 cake-cutting fee applied regardless (I heard "$20" as he was far away and didn't bother taking a few steps closer to us to explain it clearly).
So, annoyed as we were, my friend and I said "Fine, then we'll just leave it at our table instead."  They said okay.  I also explained to them that their website did not show any dessert menu, and they defended by saying that their desserts are different every day (which was also not stated on their online menu).
A minute later, Waitress #2 follows us to our table (as we place the cakes down) and tells us that they cannot even let us EAT the cake in their restaurant due to their policies/rules.  Meanwhile, most of the party had already arrived.

Even MORE annoyed than we already were, my friend and I had to bring the cakes outside and dispose of them.  Just to reiterate, I had to dispose of the cake that I had bought my friend for her birthday because Alleycatz would not allow us to eat it in their restaurant.

We were already quite disappointed at this point.  However, reservations were made, people were sat, and it was our friend's birthday, and we wanted to make sure that she was happy and having a good time.  So we try to let it go.

We return to the restaurant and the manager came by several minutes later attempting to appease us by offering my friend a complimentary piece of cake for her birthday.  She explained how this was a 7-year policy and that they only get desserts from this one bakery.  Now, I understand that some restaurants have contracts with certain bakeries and stores from where they purchase their desserts, but to not be informed of this beforehand and not given flexibility for our first time being there was ridiculous.  Now that I think of it, why were we told that there would be a cake-cutting fee if no cakes were allowed to be brought in from outside of the restaurant to begin with?  I guess that was something that I had missed as I was too frustrated at the time.  She continued trying to smooth-talk with us as if she remembers what it's like to turn 27 and 'how exciting it is'.  This woman had very poor interpersonal communication skills as a manager and we felt her approach was very insincere, artificial, and dissatisfying.  She left after talking with us for about 3 minutes.

Afterward (by this time, it was about 7:55pm or so), our table was annoyingly approached by our waiter several times to see what we wanted to order.  We finally decided and a friend of ours ordered the Apple Salad from the appetizer menu because she had already eaten dinner earlier.  The waiter explains that there's a policy/rule that we MUST order either two appetizers or a main course if reservations are made.  Ridiculous?!?  YES, that is just absolutely beyond ridiculous.  NO WHERE did it say on their menu or were we informed of this absurd money-grabbing restaurant policy!  This was definitely the last straw for us.  Our friend, the birthday girl exclaimed, "That's it, we're leaving."  The waiter couldn't care less, and said "Okay!"  We stormed out of the restaurant while passing by the other staff members, including the manager who just watched us leave.  We ended up going to Sushi Rock down the street, which had great food and service.

We are definitely not returning to Alleycatz, that's for sure.笑
Rating is 2.5 stars
We came for our 16th wedding anniversary. I can't rate the food since the food was from SPACCO as we unknowingly went on a night that their kitchen was closed. Food was good but not happy they they charged an automatic 20% tip. Service was friendly but very very slow considering there were only 2 tables occupied. Seemed very expensive even with a 56% off coupon... We only had 1 main, 2 starters, 1 drink, 1 dessert & the bill was close to $80 including taxes & the 20% tip.笑
The worst service I have ever experienced. Extremely rude and unprofessional waitress, servers and manager. The waitress didn't know the meaning of lactose "allergy". One of my guests with an allergy asked for salad with no onions and cheese. It came with onions and cheese and when the waitress was informed her response "just have it you will like it". Was never informed of one bill for large groups. The organizer had to pay an outstanding $40 to cover the bill because the waitress couldn't keep track of each person's payment. The server at the table next to us dropped their food on them. Understaffed, overbooked and WORST service ever. Ruined my birthday night and all the guests experience. Never going back there. If there was an option for negative reviews Alleycatz would be -5. HORRIBLE experience.笑
I went here last night for a friend's birthday party and I can see why she picked it - it has a lounge area, live music and a DJ.  But boy was it packed, mainly because of the G20 Summit downtown cause everyone to go midtown.

Couldn't even dance, people were just pushing their way through the dance floor, I wished they had a path off the dance floor where the stage people and people needing to get by can use.  The live band was good though, no idea who it was, it was just chaotic.  A club would have been less chaotic.笑
Came for Winterlicious everything was good not exceptional but we were happy enough until the tacky 20% mandatory gratuity charge with the bill-there were two of us! We usually tip well but it was such a turn off to have it forced on us that we will not be going back here. Such a shame you are probably losing potential repeat customers over this even though that's what Winterlicious is about-attracting new people to your restaurant. Beware!笑
If you expect a lounge-like jazz bar then this will NOT be the place you want to be. 5 of us was here on a Monday evening to enjoy our summerlicious only to find that the place was empty.  No one was out to take us to our seats, I had to yell 'hello!' At the kitchen door before someone came out.

Appetizer
Mushroom Crustini
Shrimp Gambas
Arugula Salad

We chose two of the three appetizers:  Mushroom Crustini and Shrimp Gambas.  They baked mushroom slices and cheese on baguette slices.  The taste was great.  The baguette was crispy with the flavorful cheese and mushrooms.  The sauce on the shrimp gambas was great, however the shrimp would have been better if it was oven grilled instead of poached.

Entrees
Organic White Fish Fillet
Giant Ravioli
Braised Beef Short Ribs

The white fish fillet was very tender along with the served rice and vegetables, it is a good choice.  The giant ravioli has cheese fillings and is very tasty.  The pasta is cooked just a little harder than I expected. The braised beef short ribs is a little bland if not eaten with the sweet potato mash but the rib is very tender and can be easily rip off the bone

Dessert
Tuxedo Truffle Mousse Cake
Fresh Berry Parfait
Classic Chocolate Ice Brownie

The mousse cake has a texture of the tiramisu, very moist.  The parfait is similar to the sorbet with just the right sweetness mixed with the berries.  The ice brownie wedge is served with caramel sauce and vanilla ice cream to neutralize the richness of the chocolate in the brownie.  Overall I prefer the Tuxedo Truffle Mousse Cake.

One thing about this place is that they automatically included 15% of the tips in the bill.  I did not really like this since I feel that the service was not up to par and should be given based on how well they serve.  I feel that I'm being forced to give a 15% tip when they didn't deserve it.笑
Overall we had a good experience at Alleycatz but it's a bit of an unusual spot. We decided to take advantage of their summerlicious menu and enjoy the live music band while we were there.

The first two courses on the summerlicious menu were quite good. Tasty, well-prepared, and went down easily. The dessert was unfortunately really disappointing. On the menu it was listed as "New York Style Cheesecake" which it certainly was not - it was more like a no-bake cheese cake with a rather unusual creamy flavour; nothing like the dense, wonderful New York cheesecake I was excited to eat. 

The band was decent - spent the evening playing their versions of covers and we have a good time on the dance floor for a couple songs. We did find ourselves waiting for quite a while to dance, hoping for a song that really got our feet moving, but it never came. So we got up and danced after a couple of drinks and made the most of the evening anyway. Honestly, I probably will go back for other live bands, but hopefully they will improve upon their dessert options.笑
This place is BAD. Really bad. I went this past Saturday. Let me start with the bouncers. They are immature  *ssholes . I couldn't believe how they treated patrons. Ex. A few girls going in ahead of us were speaking to one of the bouncers (who was extremely rude when responding to a few very simple, polite questions) while the other bouncer (the shorter one) stood behind them (right next to us) and openly mocked the girls by making stupid faces, rolling his eyes and gesturing "talking too much" with his hands. These "men" are suppose to be grown adults....Right?! NOT A GOOD FIRST impression. Anyhow, me and my party reluctantly paid $10 cover each to go in. I should have gone with my gut by not even entertaining the idea when we saw nothing but senior citizens going in and out. Anyhow we were already there and thought how bad could it be. We stayed for the duration of one drink and bounced. Never again. NEVER. The crowd was also super weird. B*tchy middle aged women and creepy middle aged men. AVOID this place....enough said.笑
Rude and irresponsible. I purchased a group deal for this place and made a reservation four days before the expiry date for my fiancé's birthday. I got a confirmation that my reservation had been made but when we showed up at the time of our reservation, the restaurant was closed- all the chairs were stacked on the tables. There was no sign on the door. When we asked the restaurant next door, they weren't sure what had happened either. When the voucher site contacted them the next day and asked if we can receive a credit, John from Alleycatz replied that they had a problem with their kitchen and will reopen the next day. He then said that if I have a problem using the voucher, which I "had 6 months to use", they will extend it for a week. We will not be going back. No restaurant staff tried to contact us to let us know that the restaurant will be closed, and John issued no apology whatsoever for the inconvenience caused. There are far too many better restaurants with better customer service out there, I recommend you skip this place.笑
Crappy food but good vibes at Alleycatz. Came here for Summerlicous recently. Don't expect anything from the food because it was basically on par with dinner you'd get at a crappy business conference. 

We had the stuffed chicken and ribs dish which both came with mash sweet potatoes and vegetables. The chicken was actually pretty good but the portion size, plating and choice in vegetables just didn't cut it. They also served these spring rolls as an app which were like something from a Mandarin.

On the positive side, the music and vibes were great. Our server were fairly attentive but the live band is what you're here for. We were there on a Friday night and the music was awesome! The best thing was the dance floor filled up and with people of all ages which I loved. Everyone was just having a good time.

I probably wouldn't come back for food but maybe consider it for just drinks and some great music.笑
Came here for dinner (Summerlicious menu) and dancing on a Friday night.

Was expecting service to be slow, based on previous reviews, but I guess choosing from the Summerlicious menu is different, as the food came fairly quickly. Serving size is good, and over-all the Summerlicious dinner has been great.

At 9:30 PM, the band started playing, great performance, good songs. I also noticed that the crowd is a lot OLDER. The band took a bit of a break, and then the DJ took over and played top hits, I enjoyed dancing to the music.笑
One of the more obvious differences btw alley catz and a classy restaurant is the waitresses dressed like they're going clubbing, black short dresses all stomping around the empty dance floor like they're doing runway.

Red flags:
When our food arrived with 3-5 mins of ordering looking like it came out of a jar! And my waitresses thigh is on my chair as she offered parmesan/pepper for our food!

Asked my husband how much parmesan he would like and after he replied just a little, she proceeds to dump a scoop full of it in the center of his pasta.

Quick facts:

Decor is nice, you can see it used to be a jazz bar, feels like a night club that sells food! If it was a night club I would have said nice night club set up, bar is right in the center, with tables and booths on the other 3 sides. Though the dance floor looked small. You would definitely enjoy it more if you stayed for the dancing.

Penne alla vodka ($17) tasted like my favourite classico rose sauce, but for $17 with a few pieces of bacon I could have made it at home!

My best friend's orgasmic pesto penne $17 was also strangely similar to my less fav supermarket pesto sauce cuz I can actually make it fresh myself. The only taste was oil and parmesan she luckily asked for.

My $10 strawberry, brie and pear spinach salad was good except for the skin... But its not hard to mess up on that salad.

Arrived at 740 and it was empty, when we left at 810 it was filling up... Yes it was a half hour dinner.

Menu wasn't innovative or creative, but can't be because they can't even do the basics right.

We went with a deal getters voucher and with out my consent and its not stated on the voucher my server (owner) proceeds to add a 15% tip and swiped my creditcard before showing that to me... Really? I generally tip 12 as a base but being obliged into it is never a good feeling! His answer "oh because of the voucher" our response "did we get better service due to this voucher?"

Was looking forward to this place but really disappointed!

At Demetres @ Yonge and Eglinton for dessert because somehow I feel Demetres will do prepackaged cakes better.

Btw as a quick tip, this place is besides Spacco in an alley, not exactly at 2409 Yonge!笑
Rude bouncers, crappy service at the bar, crowd is immature and sleazy. And I've been here at least 4 times so it wasn't a fluke.笑
I found myself here for a birthday dinner.
I have been here a bunch of times for dancing, but I never noticed that they serve food!

[ FOOD ] 2.5 stars

I expected the worst... but it wasn't that bad!
We had a reservation for dinner and all the other tables were full.
They had a strawberry and pear spinach salad topped with brie and almonds.  It was very nice! Fresh and arranged nicely.

For my main, I ordered the seafood risotto that came with scallops, shrimp, mussels, and calamari.  The tomato seafood broth was passable.  I was hoping it would be a bit spicy, but it wasn't.

Alright, we were having dinner there, but it still felt like I was in a club.  While we were eating, people kept trying to put empty glasses on our table because we had an extra spot.  Someone even left their umbrella and a martini glass on the table while we were still eating.

Alleycatz is not a place to have a fine dining experience.
There is a small dining section where people are pimped out in club gear and able to scarf down a meal while being  loud, obnoxious, and well, a bit ghetto.

[ CLUB ] 3 stars

The one great thing about Alleycatz is the live band (that alternates with a DJ).  They play some old favorites and covers of popular tunes.
Now, the music may not appeal to everyone, but I really enjoy the music here.  They play a lot of hip hop, RnB  from the early 90's.  Old Biggie, Dru Hill, Skee- Lo, classic Mary J. Blige... fun times!

My one major complaint is the club is small and freaking hot.
As in, you don't want to touch anyone because you'd stick to their sweat.  It got so hot we had to leave and go to the bar next door, Spacco.

Alleycatz is a fun place for dancing and live music.
There are some nice restaurants down the street if you want dinner first...笑
I went to check out blues music on a Wed night and it is a cool vibe. I would recommend it.  But I made the mistake of eating a meal. I had a Groupon and I think they provided the same level of service and quality as non-Groupon customers.  The salad was decent, but the bruchetta was just ok. The tomato mix on top tasted store bought. My hubby had pasta with rose which  was ok. My salmon was super salty and overcooked probably because it was frozen. The rice wasn't really edible. The desserts were the worst, again tasted like it was processed frozen food. 

I would say eat somewhere else and then come for the music. Food is 1 star, as a music venue 4 star.笑
A joke. 

My girlfriend brought us as a gift to me. She knows I like Jazz bars and the like. She got a Groupon. We were seated and left to dry for nearly a half hour before a manager (blonde, middle aged lady) came and very kindly explained to us our options for the Groupon. We ordered a appetizer, main, and dessert each under the deal  

The appetizer took a another half hour to reach our table. 
Appetizer: fried Vegetable spring rolls. Regular price: $7. The spring rolls were legitimately the same as the Costco ones i had during a last night binge. Exact same. They took 3 of them, fried, put it on top of some rot spinach leaves and had the audacity to serve it with a smile. (picture attached) 

The starter took another half hour after we finished our starter. Waitress no where to be seen, no service continues. By this time, the band starts playing (what I was really looking forward to). To note: we had a reservation at 8 so we can enjoy the love music that started at 9:30. It's 9:30 now. 
Meal: Hamburger and fries. Regular price: $19. Bahahaha. I would have rather had a Harveys burger. Nothing special, portions were small, fries were soggy, and burger was ok. 

Dessert took 45 minutes after the meal. We specifically instructed the waitress to get it to us as we were eating. We really wanted to dance l. 
Dessert: Brownie and ice cream, girlfriend had cheesecake. Reg price: $10 each. Well... I guess they really like Costco because these two desserts I've had before. They decide to make it fancy and gourmet by giving us SMALLER THAN PACKAGED portion size and a small bowl of ice cream. My girlfriend loves dessert. Even she was dissapointed. 


We go for a little dance after because by the time we get there the band wants to take a break. The DJ goes on but yet never touches his set up.... Pre-mixed just to keep up with the bull that this establishment is running. 


We ask for the bill. We were done with the place. 
The bill: Came with a GRATUITY ALREADY ADDED. AHAHAHA. They already know they're running a joke that they can't let the customers decide a tip. We didn't want to tip because we weren't serviced properly : we were ignored and had to wait for our food for hours. The blonde lady tried to help us out (she should be running the place) but the guido owner comes out, tan and all, and flicks me off. Says that if he take off the tip that the waitress won't get paid. I said that's not my problem how she's getting paid and that then her tip should be coming out of his pocket not mine. I ask him to help me out. Nothings. Screams in my ear, spits on my face, does hand gestures and i say ok. Let Yelp decide your fate. 

Please everyone, don't waste your money here. Go to Costco instead. They have the same food but give you free samples笑
Eight of us celebrated a friend's birthday.  7pm dinner reservation, so we didn't pay later cover.  I had seafood pasta and it was delicious, but small in proportion.  Others enjoyed their food too, but mentioned that they could have eaten more.  Prices for main were $17-$27, so I thought it was high for what I got, but the plates arrived promptly, all at once, and hot! Server (spanish accented male) was more military, without smile nor care for the occasion. He couldn't give a darn. When the band started, the place got livelier and we went to dance, by the bar.  Its a large rectangle which jets out on the middle of the restaurant and the tables and the dance floor surround the three sides.  A nice set up. The bar tender was the best! Genuinely wished my friend a happy birthday and asked if we were having a good time - a service with a smile, finally! So, our moods changed and had a blast, from then on, dancing and laughing away in front of a PACKED dance floor!  If your table is at the opposite side of the room as the restrooms, then you'll have to maneuver among the dancers and & the crowd & push your way through. This can be a fun adventure, but not a time saver. The music alternated between a dj and a live band every half hour. The dj music was better for dancing, though. Was great!  I'd say the crowd that night was 3/4 women and late 20's to late 30's.  Good enough decor, convenient $6 parking across the street. I'd go again.笑
I wish I could give this place no stars.
A group of us went to Alleycatz for my sister's bachelorette on the recommendation of a local business owner. 
Even making the reservations before I should have known what we were getting into. The manager John was rude on the phone telling me that if we didn't have as many people as we made a reservation for, we would be charged for leaving empty seats, which I totally understand on a Saturday night, but you can find a polite way to tell your customers.
So not wanting to get charged we made a reservation for 8 people, and we had 9, but two of them were just staying for a drink and then leaving. 
All we asked was for them to pull up another chair to our table so we weren't taking up a big table. They didn't even let me finish explaining our situation And right off the bat John was so rude and uncooperative, then another manager butted in and said they were at capacity and didn't have any free chairs (we could see empty chairs everywhere) and it took one of the girls taking him aside and explaining completely for hem to bring us a chair.
Even then he would walk past our table and tell us we had to squish together more because we were taking up too much room.
Our server on the other hand was good, she was very attentive and helpful, and I wish I had caught her name.
The food was ok, nothing to write home about, but I will never go here again, and never recommend it to anyone.笑
I went here with friends to celebrate my birthday. The food is absolutely horrible, but we didn't come here for the food--it was all about the music. And the music was fantastic. There was  a live band...not sure of the name, and a great DeeJay. They played all old school music (70s, 80s, 90s) and we couldn't help but get up and dance. We pretty much danced all night, until the DeeJay started playing Top 40. That's when we left. 

The drinks were okay. My friends tried the Diva Colada and the Mango Belinis and complained of not enough alcohol in the cocktail. I stuck to the martinis (Orgasmic Catz) and I wasn't disappointed. I'd go here again on the right night, with the right band playing, but I'd eat somewhere else first.笑
I have been here on 3 occasions one of them being a private function and each experience has been wonderful.  Great staff, so friendly and accommodating.  I highly recommend this establishment for its Fantastic food;  I have never been disappointed.  The staff is wonderful. Thank you Ryan for another great experience last night.  Fantastic food and Service by everyone!笑
Oh Alleycatz, I try to get away but you're just so convenient. 

This place has been my first and last option on many occasions when I was just too lazy to get on the subway, or too fearful of dealing with the B.O. and life threatening experience that we call a cab ride in Toronto. 

The $10 cover is average. It makes it easier to swallow since there is almost never a line-up when I do go. The dress code is enforced randomly, although on most nights I just wear sneakers and never have a problem. The best part about this place is the live band on Saturday nights. They really get the crowd in the mood and they play old school R&B and hip-hop regularly. 

The drinks are on the pricey side and it can get VERY crowded sometimes. They don't offer bottle service for some reason. It can take a LONG time to order drinks from the bar. I've seen a bartender throw a tip (not mine) away because he considered it "cheap". I thought it was pretty rude. They're not the friendliest bunch in my experience. 

Despite the $10 cover and expensive drinks, I'll still keep coming back. The routine has been to get drunk at Alleycatz, go to Mars for some corned beef hash, stagger home, and pass out. You can't put a price on that!笑
Went in to see a live performance... Ambience was dark and a good place for a date... Crowd is mature... Ordered a pasta... Kinda steep pricing... Portion was moderate... Taste was whatever... I think this place has guaranteed business so they don't put the most effort. Didn't hate it but nothing I am drooling over.  Their sexy spaghetti was just  OK looking if u ask me.笑
Horrifying food on a saturday night!!! Very crowded n they seat u in an alley. Come on owners, i know u want to earn, but by giving such crappy service n bad food????!!!!笑
Came with ultra-low expectations due the location, but even those expectations were dashed. In the heart of the dining wasteland of Toronto, where everyone has lots of money but not a lot of taste. 

Was not expecting a hipster bar, but was hoping that at least service would be able redeem mediocre food. That did not happen.

I had the steak salad, the server took the trouble to ask me how I wanted my steak. I said rare. The steak came out medium well. After about 5 minutes I was able to locate our waitress; she was on the dance floor spinning around with another staff member. Tried to get her attention but she disappeared into the kitchen. Finally got another server's attention after another 5 minutes. Explained that the steak was supposed to be rare, he apologized and came back a few minutes later with the redone dish. Apparently the kitchen thinks that it is possible to turn a medium well steak into a rare steak by putting it back on the grill. It was even more done than when it first came out.

The service was distracted, disinterested, disorganized, insincere. Inexcusably bad. Not rude or mean, just had no idea of the concept of proper service. Servers kept bumping into us (granted, the area we were sitting in was more cramped than a hipster dive bar) and for some reason would light one candle then carry the match over our heads in order to light the other candle. Very weird.

Bill came before we asked for it, we were planning on ordering dessert but I guess they didn't want us to? Tip was already included which for a group of 7 seemed a bit over the top. Perhaps they knew that we weren't happy and were hedging their bets. Good move, because I wasn't planning on giving more than 10%. According to the bill they added 15%, but after doing the math it turned out to be closer to 17%.

Wow, that was a longer rant than I expected.... And I'm not even in snob mode yet.

*SNOB MODE ON*

- Wine list-- terrible. That's all I can handle expressing without releasing a flood of rage against Uptown Toronto.
- Food-- overseasoned, overdressed, overdone.
- Drinks-- they have something like 12 different kinds of martinis. However, apparently their definition of martini is a V-shaped glass of flavoured vodka.
- Music was LOUD

It seems like they can't decide on what they want to be, a dive bar, a hip jazz lounge, dance club, hip uptown restaurant. And in doing so they are failing at all of them.

And finally someone needs to sue them for false advertising because I there was NO jazz played by the top 40 cover band.笑
This review is only based on the nightlife.  Not the food since I have no tried it.  This place is hit or miss I find.  What I do like about it, is that the crowd is generally older, and I guess when you're 30, and you feel like you've outgrown those richmond street clubs with 19 year olds, you're breathe a sigh of relief and don't feel "too old for this".  Whatever that means.  LOL. Infact age range, Id say is from 25+40's?

Some nights are better than others.  But my review stands, not overwhelming great, but definitely not awful.  Somewhere in the middle.  If you want a night out with friends, but don't want to be super fancy than this is a good casual place to have a drink and maybe dance a bit and maybe meet somebody.  It's chill.  Theres a live band they usually sing contemporary or pop hits.  

When its busy, I definitely think its a social spot to get hit on, certain people are on the prowl and you can tell.  Decor wise, a tad cheesy, feels a little tacky with spinning colourful lights, and could use a bit of a reno, update on furniture.  But otherwise, no complaints, service and bartenders have been great and friendly.笑
I think one star is the lowest I could go but if I could, I would give it half a star. My friends came from Calgary and love jazz so we had gone to Rex's on Queen street during their visit the month before. My expectation for Alleycatz was pretty low but I was still disappointed. When we first got there, they told us to take a seat anywhere. There was a 30 minute wait until the server came to give us water and take our drink order. Then he disappeared for another 30 minutes even though we didn't order any drinks. We were the only group at the restaurant as it was still early (around 6:30PM on a Wednesday night) so I have no idea where he went. By the time he got back, our water glasses were all empty (pet peeve) and we had been ready to order for a while. We ordered the buttermilk calamari to share it was pretty good (that's the half star they earned). 

For the entree, our group ordered the stuffed chicken, the orgasmic penne, the sexy spaghetti and the beet salad with grilled salmon. The pasta was definitely not orgasmic or sexy. I would recommend changing the name of the entree to "Floppy Penne" or "Sluggish Spaghetti". To start, the pasta was waaaaaaay overcooked/soft and the spaghetti was cut too thick. It also lacked flavor and needed salt (pretty sure they did not salt the water when cooking the pasta). The salmon on the salad was charred in a burnt way (not a flavorful char) and tasted like coal. It also could use some salt. Overall the food was overpriced and mediocre at most. However, Alleycatz truly earned it's half star review because of the poor poor service. I wish I had read other Yelp reviews before coming here because the poor service is absolutely true. 

I would not recommend this restaurant, not even for the same mediocre dishes for $10 on Spacco's lunch menu (which I was meaning to try). No thank you.  

PS. This doesn't add to their low rating but just an FYI for those of you who care, they do not accept debit card.笑
I love Allycats very nice atmosphere.whats the band playing tommrow night anyone knows?笑
I was lucky enough to be invited as a date for a private party here (okay, by the boyfriend so kind of a compulsory invite, but still).  Reading some of the reviews now, I'm glad I didn't know where the party was going to be or I might have come in with some preconceived notions - none of which were true on my visit.  

There were servers wandering around happily carrying huge trays with scrumptious appetizers, and I tried to sample as many as possible.  The crowd favourite was a crostini with deep fried cheese and berry compote - a friend described it as a grown-up pop tart.  Delicious!  They also had mushroom crostinis, melon wrapped in proscuitto (didn't taste, melon is evil), shrimp and seafood sauce... lots of really tasty snacks to start the party right.  

It's always a plus when the drinks are free, especially when they're as delicious and generous with the booze as these were!  We started with a glass of champagne, then moved on to cocktails.  Three of us had the genius idea to try and work our way down the list.  We got about halfway.  I tasted most of them, and almost all were delicious.  The ones that weren't were still good, I didn't have a single one that I wouldn't have finished (on another night).  

Then came the buffet dinner, which was like no buffet I've been to before.  I tried the arugula salad, giant ravioli, stuffed chicken breast, seafood linguine, steamed mussels, green beans, and the roast beef from the station where it was freshly cut for each person.  Everything was fantastic, with the exception of the chicken.  It wasn't anything special so I put it to the side - but everything else was absolutely delicious.  No complaints.  The desserts were also great, not outstanding but very tasty.  

The servers and bar staff were all super friendly, which isn't always the case at a free-for-all event like this.  We left very happy, and probably a little tipsy.笑
I've been here about 3-4 times, once was during winterlicious, the food was really good, the service was really good the drink menu was not that great 
The other times we've went at night, live music, lots of dancing, very fun
Salsa/merengue/bachata lovers this is a good place to go when you are in the area of maybe after a date night after the movies to spice things up and mover el cuerpo ayyyy笑
Went here for summerlicious as a party of four. The wait for the food was quick between courses. Food was average. I had the eggplant cannoli which was undercooked, cold and bland. Then i had the braised short ribs which was good. For dessert i chose rhe new york cheesecake which tasted like walmart stale cheesecake. The service was HORRIBLE. Waiters only came to take the order abruptly then to bring out the courses. Never refilled our drinks the whole time. I guess that's what happens when 15%gratituity is automatically added to ur bill. No need to work for a tip... The music was ok. Wouldnt come back for the food or service笑
Went to enjoy some good Mediterranean fare at a great local jazz bar/restaurant tonight and the food was killer... 
But there is much to be said about the underhanded tactics of our waitress who not only presented me a 15% tip included bill without letting me know...and then allowed me to punch in the tip AGAIN when I unwittingly/reflexively was given the machine, ON TOP OF of that!
She not only didn't try to correct my error of double payment in her pocket, but left it to me to bring it ME to the attention of the owner afterwards, who instead of reversing the transaction, only offered to refund me the difference in over payment of said tip.
It was only a party of myself and my husband not six or more gratuity would be expected to be included/disclosed... Does this sound kosher to anybody?笑
Groupons are not always going to work, people, especially for places thar are not a franchise/chain. Maybe complain to Groupon? The food isn't that expensive anyway.

This place is actually really nice. Pretty dark, but that comes with the whole "sexy" vibe they're aiming at. It's a nice spot for people in their late 20s to early 30s (on a Friday anyway). Nice and casual. Not a classless club like you'd see on Richmond Street. Moderately priced drinks. The food looks great and is also moderately priced, haven't tried yet but I'll probably be making a reservation for my upcoming birthday. :)笑
They need to play jazz music and require additional seating.  Other than that the setting and decor is nice.笑
Groupon brought me here years later. Service was great. Got a bit slow with big groups coming in. But nothing to complain about.
Bruschetta- perfect 
Beet salad- delicious
Surf and turf- was good. However menu says tiger shrimp. They weren't tiger size. If they had added 1 more shrimp would have been fine.

Overall great night out- live band was super fun. Will be back on a Saturday night for sure.笑
To start, it's not a jazz bar. Yes it always has a live band, but they never play any jazz. Not once have I been there and actually heard jazz music. No.

If you go there early for dinner, you don't pay a cover when it becomes a club. Is the food good? Yes, I gotta say, their in-house made lobster ravioli was really good, their wild mushroom risotto tasted like gasoline, which means they're real mushrooms, and the butternut squash gnocchi is great. But is the price worth the food? No, not at all. $20 for lobster ravioli, $9 for casesar salad (no meat), $18 for gnocchi...really? The place isn't fancy either.

The bands that come in after dinner are usually pretty good, although i can never tellw hat kinda music they are focusing on (Anything they feel like from pop to rock to oldies). In between the band, the dj plays anything from the 70s to the early 90s and no later than that.

For the two paragraphs above on how expensive the food is and how old the music that they play is, you can imagine the crowd to be fairly old, on average ranging from their early 30s to early 50s--not to say there aren't a small percentage of ppl in their late 20s. 

It gets ridiculously busy after 10pm. I don't know why.笑
"This is a supper club, so that means I cannot tell you how long you have to wait, maybe 5 minutes, maybe an hour, I just don't know"

This is what the waitress said to me five times when I asked her how long I had to wait for a table on a Friday night at 9pm. Yes, it was packed. But there were empty tables in the back. Yes, I understand she was stressed. But I'm sorry, that was just not professional.

As for the food, it's classic American-Italian flair, like upscale bar food. You can find spring rolls, fried calamari, salds, pasta, risottos, and steak on the menu. The service was quite lousy - music was so loud and the waiter was taking care of way too many tables. But the food came quickly which was a pleasant surprise.

I guess I have always assumed that it's kinda a jazz lounge because of the trumpet thingy on their logo - when the band came on, they sang a little bit of Norah Jones and stuff - which was great. But then they proceeded to sing Amy Winehouse and MILEY CYRUS. That's when I knew I had to leave ASAP.笑
We celebrated a birthday there. We had made reservations, so got a great booth (spacious, unlike some of the other tables). 
We were not rushed at all, our service was prompt and attentive. Our appetizers and meals were very good. (Mussels, spinach dip, stuffed chicken and giant ravioli).
Our only complaint was that wine list was not up to date, but we were offered a comparable wine to our choice at the same price. 
The band tonight is "Soular", and they are exceptional. 

All in all, a great night.笑
It's a busy time during Winterlicious! My friend had her birthday dinner here and we had a big group. The restaurant was packed because there was live music band later in the evening. We fit like 20+ people at the back wall tables, there was a little gap between another group of tables with waiter/waitress walking back and forth with food. I was so scared that they were going to drop the plates on my head. It was very uncomfortable seating, had such little space to eat my food. The problem with big groups is that the service is not the greatest and I expected it. Took forever before they finally took our orders, get the food and move on with the next course. Seated at 7:30pm, waited for people to settle into their seats, got our orders around 8:30pm, finally started getting my food at 9pm. I was starving, should of had some pre-dinner before coming.

Because the place was so crowded, it was also exceptionally noisy so it was very hard to catch up with friends and talk. And when the band started playing, it was impossible! We were screaming at each other and only able to talk to the person next to us.

Now for the food. For appetizer, I got the eggplant cannelloni - stuffed with roasted spinach, ricotta & parmesan cheese topped with tomato sauce. I was expecting it to be served warm but it was close to cold. The dish was ok, there wasn't much of the spinach stuffed in there but the eggplant was good.

Main course, I got the braised beef short ribs with sweet potato mash. The short ribs were really tendered, fell right off the bones and the sweet potato mash was a good combination to soak in the sauce. By this time, I was already starving for hours to the point that I was no longer hungry. The food was still good but I got a stomach ache from eating too quickly. Some of my friend got the ravioli, they said it was good but not filling enough.

For dessert, I had the tuxedo truffle mousse cake. I wasn't really impressed as it tasted like a cake from the supermarket. The chocolate and cream was too sweet for me. I ended up only eating the cake part. I should have got the cheese cake instead.

Overall, my experience here wasn't that great. The place was too crowded and loud, so if you want a place to carry a conversation, this is not the place. The food was alright, not the best but not bad for the price you pay. Service wise, they were not bad when you can find them or they finally come to you.笑
I guess I have nobody to blame by myself. Most of the reviews for Alleycatz here are resoundingly negative, and I had a fairly terrible experience at the establishment's sister restaurant, Spacco. But there was a pretty irresistible Groupon on offer, so I figured, hey, how bad could it be?

Famous last words.

We arrived at around 7:00 on a Friday night and were shown to an almost comically cramped table that was right next to a very loud party. But that's fine; I'd been expecting such based on many of the Yelp reviews I had read.

Our Groupon provided us with two separate three course meals, so I ate:

Calamari Fritto ("calamari served with jalapeno lime mayo & lemon") and Bruschetta ("Roma tomatoes, olive oil, garlic and fresh parmesan cheese, Vienna bread, balsamic glaze"): I'll admit I was pleasantly surprised by both of these appetizers, as the calamari was cooked well and accompanied by a tasty dipping sauce, while the bruschetta, though nothing special, was perfectly edible and well prepared.

The Champini Burger ("9 oz homemade ground angus beef with aged cheddar, smoked bacon, vine tomato, smokey bbq sauce, hand cut French fries"): Again, this was far from a stellar dish, but it was quite edible and even flavorful. The burger was relatively juicy, while the toppings were all fine, and the fries were actually above average.

Now here's where we run into problems. The timing between the apps and the mains was actually really well done - we didn't wait more than ten minutes to get our main courses after finishing the appetizers - but we waited a solid hour before we got our desserts. Yes, an *hour*. 60 minutes. I can't really stress that number enough. It was completely unacceptable and had me fuming by the time the desserts did arrive. (They were fine but I was too pissed off to enjoy them.)

Making matters worse, I had to chase down our server and ask for our bill -- which had been prepared with the *tip included*. I mean, I guess when service is that bad it's a good idea to include the tip on the bill, because I certainly wasn't planning to leave anything. (At least the tip was 15%. It's still way too much, but it's better than 18 or even 20%.)

What a farce Alleycatz is. Get it together, you incompetent clowns.笑
Came here on Saturday for a friends birthday. Got there around 8pm and it was still quiet. By around 9 it was getting pretty full and the music was blasting. The atmosphere and crowd was very chill, the band and DJ was good, nice mix of music. The food was excellent and reasonably priced. Just the washrooms need some improvement. Overall a good time.笑
Came here on a Friday night for a holiday dinner with co-workers, $50 per person which included shared appetizer platters and a main, but no drinks or desserts. The food was average, but portion sizes were generous. All of our steaks came out way overcooked, and the pasta dishes were just so-so.  

The place was extremely noisy even before the band started up, and got increasingly loud and crowded as the night wore on. This place definitely caters to an older crowd. 

I think this is a decent place if you're looking to have a few drinks and do some dancing, but skip the food here.笑
We bought the groupon deal and came here today on a Friday night.  No live music...
Food:
 We ordered medium rare steak but it came over cooked.  Super dry and a little too salty.  Stuffed chicken was a little dry on some parts but not much flavour to it.  
The cheesecake was a disaster. Worst cheesecake I have ever had.  
The only good thing is the mashed sweet potato. 
Service was good though.笑
Highly recommend the surf 'n' turf! Mussels and calamari are great too. 
The sangria is delicious and has a good amount of booze. 
The live music makes for a fun atmosphere!!!笑
I went here last night for a friend's birthday and the food was just okay, the wait staff were fine but the people who managed the place were incredibly rude. I understand that some of our party didn't show up and they were concerned about selling the empty seats but don't interrupt and ruin our meal by rudely and blatantly scolding at us about it. If you wanted to voice your concern, you should have executed it in a more professional way, we are still your customers and scolding us about the empty seats was so tactless. Then another managing staff spoke to the birthday girl, and other my friend who planned the event and made the reservation some more while everyone was on the dance floor but it was still in a really rude tone and brazen manner just to be more redundant.笑
My friend had her birthday dinner here on Friday - located on Yonge/Eglinton area.  It also coincided with Winterlicious.  We were a large group - maybe 10 or so.  They told my friend that after she confirmed reservations that any no shows would incur a $25 charge for her.  

I haven't been here for 10 or so years...I was actually surprised it was still here....and when I walked in, it hadn't changed much.  Low lighting, a bar in the middle and the stage to the side.
We were kinda squished in - all the tables are close together as they want to pack in as much people as possible.  

I ordered the organic beet salad as an app (where's the beet?!) b/c I could barely find them in the salad.  On the plus side it wasn't dressed heavily which is always a pet peeve of mine when people drown salads in dressing.  For my main I had the beef short ribs with sweet potato mash and veggies.  The beef ribs were really tender - however the pieces that I got had lots of fat on them.  The mash was good.   For dessert I had the new york style cheesecake.  It looked weird.  First of it was cute as a long rectangle slice - but it looked like someone cut it with a rusty knife b/c it was all jagged looking.  Also there wasn't a nice thick graham crust on it.  Just some drizzle of raspberry sauce.  It would never pass a Gordon Ramsey's inspection.  It tasted ok - store bought.  

We had to ask 2-3 times for a refill of water - no one bothered to do so when they brought out our food and noticed the empty water carafes on the table.  Also it looked like some of the glasses were dirty - not used dirty but dusty dirty.  We had to ask for some new ones.

The live band starts playing around 9:30-10pm so if you want to hear your dining companions then come a bit earlier.  The band plays covers of songs form the 80, 90s and popular now songs.  The DJ takes over on break.  Usually around 11pm-ish the reggae and soca come on - my kinda jams.  

You will see everyone from the young to the old - quite a few seniors hitting up the dance floor - they looked so cute!  You of course get your few hatchet's up in here and groups of guys roaming trying to get lucky.

In the summer I believe they have their alley way (hence the name) open so you can mingle there - not exactly a patio though.  I'm ok with not having to go here again.笑
We went there for a birthday party - we were a table of 9.
The waiter came when we were just 3 and asked for our drink order, we said to come back in just 1 minute because we were deciding and really wanted to have a drink ready for the birthday girl when she arrived. He came back about 20 minutes after she showed up. all our other efforts to flag someone, ANYONE else down failed.
He took our drink order (finally) and then didn't come back for food order for another 20 minutes (at least). 
The food was quick but all of the seafood dishes were mediocre at best and very fishy (not fresh)... 
I ordered a soup - it never came. at all.
We brought our own cake - which was good, they brought cutlery, oh yeah a lot of us had REALLY grossly dirty dishes/cutlery (gooey). When they were clearing the ice-cream cake plates, they spilt melted ice cream all over the b-day girl's LV purse and her boyfriend's Hugo Boss Coat. He said sorry! took a dirty napkin, half-assed whipped it down and left.
When we asked to speak to a manager about what could be done about the incident, he offered us a round of free shots and to pay for his dry-cleaning. The shots were the most disgusting things ever - REALLY crappy whiskey mixed with water.
We eventually left because it was impossible to place drink orders - we were there about 4 hours and had only managed to get 2 rounds of drinks. Even our waters were empty most of the night.
Maybe because they were already going to be making 15% gratuity since we were a large table they didn't care - whatever the reason the service was awful and the food was mediocre. 
I've spread the word to tons of ppl already and don't plan on ever going back.笑
Weird place! Booked for last night of winterlicios but food was average at best, and just set menu on with limited choices. Wanted to charge for $3 per coat for coat check even though we were just about to spend $100 on dinner and drinks, this is a disgrace! Place is very run down. Will not be going back.笑
I was there recently with a group of 5 for Winterlicious. We were passed a few times by other staff before anyone acknowledged us. Service was extremely slow despite the fact that the restaurant was relatively busy. Our server would serve food to half our table before moving onto another table. 

We were prepared to tip according to the service we received, but unbeknownst to us, an automatic 18% gratuity was added to our bill because we were a "large" party of 5. While it's standard practice to mention this to customers before service, this was not mentioned before service nor was it mentioned when the bill was brought to the table.笑
Service was good, food was disgusting. I had the seafood linguine in tomato sauce and it tasted like the seafood had been sitting in dirty water and had been plopped on a bed of linguine and canned tomato sauce. Server was nice about it and offered another dish but I resisted and stuck with my coke. This seems to be the experience when using these dealfind, groupon etc ...笑
Cool atmosphere but terrible service. There was maybe 3 tables that were occupied in the whole place, not busy at all but still took 10 mins for the waiter to come to us. We told him we just wanted drinks. We drank our first beer and he just didn't come back. We waited over half an hour after finishing our beers to get more before we went to the bar and paid the bill and left. Terrible terrible service.

I'm also a big fan of jazz music and was hoping for something similar to The Rex but was very disappointed. They weren't even playing jazz radio but a bunch of pop/rock stuff.笑
Gut-wrenchingly bad service. I mean, she was nice and everything, and she seemed cool, but holy hell... HO-LEE HELL. I honestly can't remember a time I got even close to service that bad ever before. And I'm including from disgruntled employees in 2-star Cuban resorts who don't speak English. It was honestly so bad it was good though, like, it's a real lasting memory... I feel like I was on one of those new Youtube hidden camera attempt-to-go-viral videos. Like 'Let's see how nice people in Toronto are...' OMG he still said thank you... OMG he still tipped %14 (I had to knock %1 on principle.  BUT SHE WAS SO NICE...I compromised though by paying it mostly in junk change). 

Anyways, this may have been a one-off anamoly. Maybe it was her first day and someone dropped LSD in her pre-work latte or something. 
Besides that, the general atmosphere in this place was that of a Lava Life commercial produced as a highschool class project. Like 'Okay kids! You have your $250, now go out there and shoot a faux Lava Life commercial!! Don't have a disco ball??? paint cardboard squares with shiny nail polish and paste them to a beachball! Don't have that super sultry lighting etc? just get a couple flashlights and tape them to the ceiling!" I love cheap places, I love upscale places, but this just feels like a cheap place pretending to be upscale.

The food was okay.笑
Went here on a Saturday night. Music was good until 1 then a jazz player comes and people started leaving. Ended up going behind it to a place they have pool tables.笑
After reading thorough dozens and dozens of Winterlicious menus, a friend and I chose Alleycatz for our long overdue get together. We walked in and liked the atmosphere, but once we met the hostess, my opinion changed. 

The story was  that my friend booked our reservation online (through the restaurant website mind you), and the hostess freaked out at us. Telling us that they were booked solidly for two weeks, and that we were SOL. We protested and she said to take with Dine.TO about the reservation. She was very rude about the whole situation. We calmly told her we'd wait to see if something came up for us. Ten minutes later, we had a table. 

We both ordered the soup, chicken and each had different deserts. The soup beat our drinks orders, and while I found mine to be a bit unevenly heated,  it was just okay tomato soup. Then they brought our food out just as my friend was still finishing her soup, some mix up in the kitchen, but it made me feel like they were rushing us out. The chicken was over done, the sauce they had with it was kinda weird, (I kept tasting mint in the sauce). The sweet potato mash was okay, but you can't really screw that up. 

Desert was good, I had the brownie, but my friends Tiramusu was kinda blah. 

However, we will say that the two bright spots were two male busboys/waiters. One graciously showed us to our seats like we were VIPs and the guy who brough our meals was funny and nice. 

We left the bar with a shrug, it was okay, but we'll never do it again. 

BE WARNED WINTERLICIOUS FANS!笑
Went to Alleycatz on a Friday for dinner after we purchased a groupon for a 3 course meal. Service was good and by the time we left at 9:45pm it was packed. The food however was just ok, all 3 courses we nothing special and by the time we paid for drinks, plus the added in tip, and tax it was a $130 meal. For that price we've definitely gotten way better food around Toronto.笑
I would give this place a 1 star rating if I could.

I came here with a groupon and you get a  25 or 30 dollar pre-fixed menu. When you walk in the place looks pretty nice but the restaurant quickly became smoky because of the kitchen and after leaving our close stunk. We waited 20 mins before anyone came to greet us and another 45 mins for cold appetizers that were mediocre at best.... which is the exact same for the rest of the food. The menu is WAY over priced for the quality of food. We again waited another 25-30 mins for the main course I got the surf and turf and it came with one shrimp and some veggies all of which were really meh. I would never pay full price. We waited again another 25-30 mins for half-frozen dessert.  We hoped that the dancing would make-up for the lousy experience but the hose band played for about 20-30 mins and then a dj took over when they're advertised as a jazz bar... The who evening was such a disappointment and when we spoke to the manager  He was extremely rude.  He said that these wait times were definitely acceptable and refused to listen to my boyfriend when he tried to explain we we were also unhappy with the quality of food and overall experience. The manager walked away from my boyfriend before he was even done speaking.

My parents came a few weeks later because they also had a groupon and had an equally dismal time. They said they also had extremely long wait times and very mediocre food. They were suppose to get the pre-fix menu but nobody told them and once they found out that they could have had that option they were disappointed and pretty mad because they never received the deal that the they paid for. They also complained that manager sat behind the bar to watch the leaf game while the restaurant became crowded. Their experience was ruined and came home pretty upset.

If you're thinking about buying the groupon for this place its a complete waste of money. The groupon advertises that its worth a $94 value, which is untrue. The pre-fix menu is $30 and even if you were to get the most expensive one at $35 that's still only 70 and the price doesn't include drinks, tax, or tip. They've over-inflated their 'value' on groupon to make you feel like you're getting a better deal when you're actually paying $60 and getting a $60 dollar meal. No money saved.

Don't waste your money here. Bad food. bad service. Horrible manager.笑
3/5! We came here for winterlicious- and to my surprise- our meal was good given the price ($25) & location.  I recommend the eggplant for the starter and the tilapia for the main. The only disappointments were the dessert and the service. My appetizer came out 15 mins before everyone else's (and that was after we followed up with the staff). We did not stay for the jazz portion, but the place definitely picked up at night. This place is better for entertainment / drinks than food.笑
The venue wasn't a jazz bar...it turns into a sub-standard club on Saturday nights. Had a live band earlier in the evening...ok experience, but by 10 pm turned into a loud club scene...more for over the hill singles trying to be in their early 20s again. (We're two early 30s professionals).笑
Came here on a Friday night around 11pm with a group of friends.

Turned out to be a great choice of destination especially since there are not really many other options that I know of around this area.

The cover was $10 which I thought was a bit too much since the place was not completely busy and once inside the drinks are very expensive for an uptown location.

However you will soon forget about this once you hear the music. That night there was a live band playing and as mentioned in a previous review I do not think I heard any jazz at all. 
The band and DJ rotated every half hour and if I had to rate this place on music it gets a total five stars! The DJ was good and the band was awesome doing covers of various tracks to keep the crowd dancing. My favourite track of the night was Lady by Mojo and they did it complete justice! 

The place itself is nice, has adequate seating and a small dance floor where you will just have to find your space and claim it. 

Bar staff are best I have experienced in Toronto since I arrived just wish the drinks were not so over priced.

The crowd was fairly mixed with mature and young.

Would love to experience the same sort of music in a proper club venue but I doubt that would happen. 

I would definitely go here again.笑
Very slick place; cross-functional between a hot-spot club and a chill-out pub... 

Quite interesting, yet exciting*** 
Mature crowd... Nice area!笑
Came here for a small birthday dinner with my family. We were surprised by the fact that the restaurant was empty when we arrived, especially because we went on a night when they feature live jazz/rnb. The service was wonderful (then again we were the only ones in the restaurant) our server was super attentive and personable. We had the calamari as our appetizer and it was okay. Our mains were much better, we enjoyed it very much, we ordered the steak frites and braised beef. 

Later on in the evening the band started playing and they were a pleasure. Intimate setting with good acoustics (a little loud though).笑
Planned a surprise party for my best friend's birthday this past Saturday. I'd been a couple times before casually during the week with some friends and my dad. It tends to be less busy then and more about the band of you're looking for a more jazzy, personal feel. Saturday was a totally full house with the DJ sets in between, but that didn't stop them from being incredibly accommodating. They were wonderful with letting us bring some decorations and flowers for the table beforehand, and being patient with the guest numbers and late arrivals.

Our waitress, Kate Kinloch, definitely made the night for us. If we'd had a terrible waitress, the evening would not have been the same. My experience with the staff at Alleycatz has always been positive - they are hard working and every single time make sure you are a happy customer. Kate in particular care of our party and was always on the ball for everything we needed. Large group sizes can be demanding and high maintenance, but she was fun and lively and got right in there with our group from the start. She took care of everything, even making sure our own cupcakes we had brought were plated and came out with candles we forgot. She was very accommodating with the many dietary restrictions, completely took care of the birthday girl, and frequently checked in despite the number of people coming and going all evening. Our whole group raved about our "wonderful waitress" all night. It was a first time for many of the group at Alleycatz, and I heard great response that I won't be the only one back. 

Expect good food, good music, lots of dancing, and for exceptional service, ask for Kate to be your waitress! Cheers.笑
I went to this restaurant with my wife and and a friend. We were looking forward to the dinner, as we had purchased a voucher for this location. Based on my impressions from this first visit, Alleycatz is a nightclub that also happens to serve food. Very little emphasis is placed on the creativity and variety of the menu. 

We arrived relatively early as the restaurant had yet to fill up with customers. After looking over the menu, we all decided on different pasta dishes. We were surprised (and somewhat skeptical) to see that our food arrived 5-7 minutes later. At this point, I realized that this was going to be a very short visit. Sure enough, we finished our food and in roughly 35 minutes we were in and out of the restaurant. 

My final verdict on this place boils down to this: If you're looking for a place to just have dinner, then maybe Alleycatz isn't for you. But if you have every intention of staying for the dancing, then you may want to consider a dinner and dance evening here.笑
I my friend made reservations for this place for a saturday night. Owner (man) she spoke to on the phone was extremely rude. She mentioned that she may have a few extra people and he said they would have to stand and anyone who doesnt show up he will charge $80 per person. After this kind of treatment we started looking at other places to go to and when we called to cancel the owner laughed and hung up. DO NOT RECOMMEND. we ended up going to Spacco next door and I must say it was the best experience I have ever had at a restaurant. Thank God. This place deserves to be shut down!笑
3.5 stars. It's hard to rate this place and I'll tell you why. First impression is a nice quiet and cute atmosphere. We got the summerlicious menu. Both apps were "okay" but nothing special. The entrees were actually quite good. The desserts were "meh". But for $25 each I would say it was worth it. The only issue I had with this, was that they included tip onto your bill automatically even though there was only TWO of us. And they don't even warn you ANYWHERE or at ANYTIME that it is included, and is actually 20%!!! Not 10% or 15% but 20%!! That is pretty rude to force that kind of a tip for barely doing any sort of service. Do they not want people coming back?笑
**1/2 stars

th3hungrycat eating at Alleycatz - it was just bound to happen!  You will be confused by which door is the entrance but eventually you will figure it out.

Unfortunately we didn't come on a jazz night so I missed out on some live music.  However, it was salsa night, and by the time we left they were already setting up for it.

We were pleasantly surprised to find they were still offering up their Winterlicious menu for $25. I personally loved the décor of the restaurant (save for the neglected painting that hung askew).  The walls are made from textured stone with pot lights beaming from below to create a slight glow, there was another wall that was painted red which contrasted the black chandeliers.  If I could describe it, I would say boudoir chic?  Think Moulin Rouge?

Dinner tables serve as the border to the focal points which are the bar and dance floor/band stage.  Unfortunately, due to the airy corridor that is exposed to the outdoors, the restaurant (and the food) were cold.  You might not want to wear that strapless dress after all! 

On this particular Monday evening, there was but 1 server holding down the fort, which would suffice for the grand total of 5 occupied tables.  The service was swift - our water glasses were always refilled, and our server checked up on us at various intervals during our meal.

From the prix fixe menu I opted for the Roasted Tomato Soup, the Braised Short Ribs and the Berries Parfait.

The Roasted Tomato Soup definitely packed in the zing and acidity of the tomatoes - perhaps even a little too much.  Cue the whipped cream, which served to tone down the tang just a tad.  Be it the actual temperature of the restaurant or the consequence of having a dollop of cold whipped cream in my soup - it was cold.  It should have been more appropriately dubbed as a vichyssoise.  This was a thinner soup as opposed to a creamy soup.  

The Short Ribs were promising as they melted off the bone.  It was served with a side of creamy, sweet potato mash, and zucchini and red peppers.   While the texture of it was bang on, the flavour was not as condensed as I would've liked.  I usually look for a bit of mesquite coupled with a hint of sweetness in my short ribs.  Though this may sound rather odd, the sweet potato mash and vegetables were more memorable than the ribs.  The vegetables were perfectly salted and were "simply" delicious.

William T.  had the Stuffed Chicken Breast.  I got to steal a bite and it was not your usual dry chicken breast.  It was served with the same sweet potato mash, and a white cream sauce.  But of the 2 entrées, I think the Short Ribs stole the show.  There was just something missing from the chicken breast in terms of flavour.  If anything it still erred on the side of bland, but that's okay - the sauce made up for it.

Dessert was nothing special and most probably store-bought.  The brownie had a layer of chocolate glaze on top and is accompanied by berries, a miniscule spoonful of vanilla ice cream and a chocolate drizzle.  The Berries Parfait was nothing but whipped cream and berries - so its kind of hard to screw that one up.

Verdict:

Most people don't come to Alleycatz for the food, but for the live jazz and for things like Salsa Night.  If you're looking to have amazing food, you should go elsewhere.  The food here is comparable to the likes of your fancier national chains (think Moxies or Milestones).  They do win points for ambiance and service.  The food comes out quick (although cold).

Martinis here are 3 oz. martinis, for a pretty decent price (about $10.50 each).  I had me a Crazy Catz which consisted of lychee liqueur, lychee juice and vodka.  Bonus points for the piece of lychee fruit that ended up in my drink.  I have been to far too many restaurants that come sans this delish garnish!

I could see myself coming back to Alleycatz for group functions as the space is very accommodating for that and I believe that things like jazz night and salsa night would add a bit more activity than just being sedentary and eating.