Service was good but the food was horrible. I ordered an Americano that was basically water. I also ordered a grilled chicken skillet which came with uncooked chicken. Ugh. Or waiter Russ was very nice and apologized a million times. The food was taken of our bill but we won't be spending our money here again.笑
My fiancé and I only came here because it was the only thing available at the time. No matter where I go, I always keep an open mind, especially at 130am. 

We were seated, went over the menu and I had a couple questions for our waitress. I asked if they could make a tuna sandwich instead of turkey. No, as we don't have tuna in the kitchen. Okay, that's fine. 

I kept on looking and saw a nacho appetizer. Awesome, I love nachos with some added chicken for protein. Joked with my fiancé saying she would say no again. I went ahead and asked, again, as I predicted, she said no. Not because there was no chicken in their kitchen, it was simply because they couldn't; didn't want to. 

I was already in a very shitty mood and had a blt sandwich. It was mediocre. 

In a city that has everything, this place in particular does not have the option to personalize. 

Anyone else that is looking for them to accommodate their simple food requests, go somewhere else. This place WILL NOT!笑
Arrived at 12 noon for lunch, about 4 parties ahead of us. Hostess was very friendly but escorts to the tables were slow to return to the hostess desk. Took between 5-10 minutes to get to the front of the line.

Seated at a very comfortable half round booth. Given menus and info about their daily pancake by our escort...then it was 10 or so minutes before any waiter acknowledged us. He offered mimosas & bloody mary's, we opted for tap water since it was lunch time. 

Upon returning with water we placed our orders for two Cobb Salads. Then we waited, waited and waited. Finally a lady who appeared to be a manager asked how everything was going and we said we have been waiting quite a while for two salads. She said she would check on them and they arrived shortly after that ...total time between ordering and arrival, 40 minutes. 

The salads were excellent and plentiful.  We did ask for bread and our waiter told us they didn't have bread but had crackers, which never came.  Too bad the service/kitchen is so slow because our salads were really good (fresh and plentiful).   

Total around $40 including tip.笑
The food was great. The service was even better. Paul was my server and was amazing. He was Friendly, attentive and provided great service. I had been to a few different restaurants for breakfast out in Vegas and this was the best place to go for breakfast and mimosas!笑
We always come here for breakfast when we come to Vegas.  I came here this morning with my family and was really impressed. The food was great. The orange juice was absolutely delicious and tasted freshly squeezed. It was perfect. Also, our waiter was really nice. We had a great time there. Service was top notch. We'll be coming back for sure!笑
Hi. Today I purchased a $16 omelet and a $4.50 iced tea bc that's the cheapest egg dish on the menu and I was unaware that such an amount could be charged for a tea bag in water and ice. It's been quite a few hours and I'm still annoyed at this.  

What happened to this place? I love the 24/7 casino cafe/diners! Places where you can get some simple dishes at reasonable prices. Flush that idea down the toilet here. Sure, my omelet was OK (The Californian- Seasonal Roasted Vegetables, Egg Whites, Avocado), but unless there are baby unicorn tears in it next time, I wouldn't order it again (mmm unicorn tears). Strip mark-up? I get it. But a $7 for a bagel with cream cheese? You suck.  

I'll be back (drunk late night) and let you know if $18 chicken fingers are somehow worth the cost. Doubt it, though. Skip.笑
Avenue Café is a decent stop for breakfast while staying at MGM Grand, MGM Signature, or in the vicinity. It is not something you walk half of Vegas to try. Just a sit down type eatery located on the main casino floor in MGM next to a Starbucks, and on the way towards the KA' Theatre. 

The food is typical breakfast and lunch fare, mostly eggs, omelets, pancakes, sandwiches, salads, etc.  It really isn't the greatest food either, but after days of partying, walking, shopping, and gambling...any chance you get to sit down and eat eggs, bacon, and toast is probably a decent experience. 

Service is surprisingly fast, and rather attentive. We drew Jose on the go around and he was friendly, fast, and thorough. 

Frankly in the dozen times I've stopped in for a breakfast while staying at MGM, this place never wows me, but it won't be sub par. It just is, what it is.

ENJOY!笑
Letitcia was are server today and was a total delight! The line to get in was long but took Maybe 10 minutes total. The food is good and they have a pretty good selection笑
Another over priced restaurant in the MGM Grand.  Really should have a better selection - I opted for the eggs Benedict with hash browns and it was all cold.  The hash browns weren't enough to fill up an infant let alone a grown man.  The meal with coffee was $23.97 - to me that is insane.  They are less than the buffet though so that's a positive笑
My blueberry almond pancakes were good. Huge portion and came with a side of bacon and sausage = perfect choice for the usual savory vs sweet breakfast dilemma. Best part was the efficient and kind service. We got seated quickly and had great quality time together post a long fun weekend in Vegas without the hassle of lining up for another brunch spot prior rushing to the airport. I loved that it was convenient and hassle free.

Coffee was hot and fresh OJ was on point.笑
This is a regular restaurant, nothing especial, but a little expensive... we ordered 2 regular breakfast, me eggs, hash browns, toast and coffee, huevos  rancheros and a coffee for my husband... total $45.00笑
Came in here with the family on Sunday, October 4th around 11:30am. There was a line waiting to be seated but it was quick and we were seated on a large booth that accommodated all of us. Paul was our server who was a nice guy but he seemed joked around a lot with us but almost a little too much. It was interesting. I ordered a Belgian Waffle and a side of scrambled eggs. The food didn't take too long to come out for all of us but when I received my side of eggs, they literally looked like they had been sitting under the heat lamp for an hour or so. It was gross, and as soon as I had one bite of it I knew I needed to say something. I got Paul's attention and I told him about the issue also explaining that I'll just order a Denver Omelet instead (especially because I had a large appetite that morning). He looked at me with a funky look and said "all for you?" That made me feel a little uncomfortable as if he was judging me or my habits. Obviously it's for me! I few minutes go by and he brings out a side of freshly cooked eggs. I was confused as to why he brought it out and I mentioned that I thought I was just getting the Denver Omelet and no side of eggs. He basically ignored what I was saying and told me that the eggs were fresh and hot. So, now I'm forced to eat these eggs which in turn made me less hungry for the Denver Omlelet which was coming out in a few minutes. Paul is a good guy, but he's a little too intense at the table with customers. He must've reminded our table about 10 times that we should take tequila shots. It was funny the first few times but after a while it got old.笑
Good breakfast experience on our recent trip-we stayed in the hotel so this was a convenient location for a Saturday morning kicking off our first full day.

Service was o.k. in terms of timeliness, but we were in no hurry whatsoever.   My wife's California Omelet looked good, while I really enjoyed my Pulled Pork breakfast sandwich.  The pork was really juicy (I don't use the "m" word when expressing not dry food) and the cheesy onion ciabatta roll was excellent.  Fresh squeezed grapefruit juice was a good pick me up.

Their lunch menu looked interesting as well.   A good place right in the middle of the MGM casino floor to eat.笑
Decided to try the Avenue Cafe because we had a comp to use. Although it was early and not busy, server was not attentive or pleasant. She asked what side (bacon or sausage) I wanted with my French toast, so I assumed it was included.  Wrong, there was an additional charge. However, the white chocolate French Toast was good, but not worth another trip back.笑
So nothing special... blood Mary was crap,, the orange juice was watery, water tasted funny, the biscuits to my biscuits and gravy were dry and hard, my egg Benedict were pretty good, coffee was pretty good. Overall would go somewhere else because it was pretty expensive for okay food. Service was pretty good.笑
I love this place. The bartender, Christine is the best person ever and the food is awesome笑
Nice little place came here for the first time with my family. They have a lunch menu and a breakfast menu. Everything we had was very good. The service was fast and friendly and they accept the mlife card. The prices are pretty fair for a café in Vegas. We got our food pretty quickly.The portions are pretty big a lot of these dishes you can share between two people. Especially the sandwiches. They do not have a restroom but there is one in the hotel.笑
Went to the cafe for breakfast because we had a hotel food and drink credit to spend. Long line to get a table, no complimentary coffee while you wait (hungover people need coffee!), very sloooow service once we were seated. The wait staff was nice enough, just not fast or very attentive. The food was overpriced for what you got (prices you would expect in the MGM - stuff that should be $10-$12 is $15-$20) and not very exciting food (we had the scramble which was just okay-ish) but there was a lot of it so you can split if you're not starving.笑
Our rodeo gang of five had breakfast here this morning and everything was excellent off the menu as well as service. Will surely return.笑
Wait was like 5 minutes. Servers very friendly and courteous. Everything's fancy :) and everything is good!笑
Meh.
Looks cool. Food is so so. Definitely overpriced.
I came late with a friend, 2am. It took 30 minutes to bring out my omelette. The egg itself was ok.  The potatoes that came with it were gross.笑
This is a classic example of a Vegas restaurant with a captured audience, who has forgotten the value of quality food. Eggs Benedict not cooked to order and served cold. Coffee served cold. And general disconnect by waiters making you feel like part of a cattle run.笑
The turkey burger had the consistency of a brick. Waiter never came back to check on me.笑
I really really enjoyed this place in the MGM Grand.  The service was great and more importantly the food was perfect.  The atmosphere is a little dull for vegas, but I'd say the great food and service outweigh that.  They have terrific burgers and amazing fries.  Drinks were perfect as well.  If you don't feel like a buffet, this is a great option.笑
Close to the worst food I've consumed... ever, and that's including my own cooking.
Three of us came in for breakfast expecting something special because of the queue but alas, no. We each ordered the eggs benedict and it was totally horrendous, eggs undercooked, hollandaise lumpy and slightly cold- just terrible! It made us all a bit sick in the stomach afterwards which didn't pair well with the pool party we were attending later in the day.

The one redeeming feature was our server. She was friendly, helpful and prompt- its not her fault the food is atrocious.笑
Pros: they accommodated a large group quickly. 

Cons: 

-The food is mediocre on the verge of being bland
-overpriced, but expected in Vegas 
-don't get the pancakes unless you're ok with bisquick and cheap syrup
-The server offered to split the bill and then when we did he said he didn't want to 

Overall, overpriced Meh food. Grab yourself a Starbucks breakfast sandwich or put the money towards a buffet.笑
They only serve their full breakfast menu until 11am, despite the sign outside labeling them "Breakfast & Lunch." It's a little annoying if the only reason you arrived at 11:05 is because you spent 15 minutes standing in their line to get a table. My fiance noted that half a dozen tables stood empty but uncleared while we waited in line, surmising that the busboys were all on break and the waitresses were unwilling to clear tables. We were finally seated at the bar, where I argued with the bartender over the 11am rule. Seriously, is this McDonalds? You had pancakes FIVE minutes ago.
They were willing accommodate requests for certain breakfast items, but by the time we had ordered it was almost time to leave for our flight out. We then decided to pay for our drinks and go, but instead the bartender hit us with a $50 tab, which included the food we never received. Finally we agreed to continue waiting and get the food to go, but this breakfast debacle resulted in a mad dash through the airport trying to make it to the gate on time with our names being called on the loudspeaker overhead.
I had ordered the California omelette, listed as egg whites with Jack cheese, avocado and a side of roasted vegetables. Instead I got an omelette with squash and mushrooms (the only food I hate) inside, avocado on top and a side of hash browns. Pretty disappointing even for food you are scarfing down in a cab on the way to the airport.
In hindsight we probably would have been happier going to McDonalds.笑
GARBAGE!!!!
Aside from the whipped cream on Chris' hot chocolate and my coffee, which were both very good, everything was absolutely horrible!
I ordered a bacon cheese burger medium rare and Chris ordered chicken fingers and fries. About forty minutes later my burger came out, and a minute or two after that Chris' chicken fingers came out. His chicken fingers were so badly over fried they were inedible! They were hard and dry. the french fries ironically, were soggy and cold.  My burger was on par with a basic diner-The meat itself had turned so the color was not right but, I do believe they cooked it medium rare. It was very juicy and not too charred. He forgot the bacon on my burger which was probably better off the burger was pouring grease. We saw our waiter twice when he took the order and when he dropped the check so there was no opportunity to complain. I felt so bad watching Chris crunch on his gross chicken fingers. The vacation was a gift for his birthday, so he was trying his best to be a good sport about it.笑
Got our food and no silverware. Never came by to fill up drinks. Terrible service for what you're paying for the meal.笑
Great place for breakfast, especially with kids, service was quick and our server was sweet, the only thing i didnt like about the restaurant was the hash browns
They were literally the most disgusting hash browns ive ever tasted, wayyyyyy too many spices. 
Other than that we enjoyed the meal.笑
My husband and I went looking for breakfast and saw a long line outside the Avenue Cafe... Thus, we assumed that this place surely must be good... WRONG 

We talked to the friendly guest reception person in the front while we were waiting and our first clue, which we seemed to have ignored, was that she said there was a lot of construction so basically the choices were limited...which accounted for the long line...

We were seated in a great location overlooking the casino in a cozy nook so that's why this place received 1 star.  The other 1 star is for the friendly staff (except our waitress, bless her heart, was not having one of her best days... I hope).

The food was bland and basic at the most. It was edible and we were hungry so we ate. Oh ordered an extra side of eggs and they forgot that and when it finally came it was cold .  I didn't bother to make a fuss because our waitress looked stressed that her other tables were not leaving her the tip she expected (I wonder why). She wasn't rude or anything, but when I clarified an order she seemed a bit defensive.

This was definitely a waste of our Mlife credits...笑
In MGM this is one of the places where we went to eat, this place has nothing exceptional to offer. It has a feel of a diner with a service that really doesnt help it either.  Eat here only if you need to save time otherwise there are plenty of places in Vegas where you can get a better return on your money.笑
A great place for breakfast priced the same as any other establishment in the casino.  It took about an hour for us to get our food from the time the order was placed.  I was a Saturday morning and they were pretty busy.  The food was good enough and we did not have to wait to get a table.  There are not much breakfast choices in the casino and this one was on the average.笑
I like how they treat us here. The lines were super long but because we had rewards status, we were seated in 5 minutes. The women in the front were so courteous with big smiles, no wonder the lines are long; I'm sure good food and good energy here! 

The food here is just amazing and the variety is great! 
Overall, I'm impressed with this place. A must try for all foodies.笑
We stopped by for lunch after we woke up and thought the food was okay. It's typical diner food and they serve breakfast and lunch.

My friends got omelets and they were pretty decently sized! I got a chicken sandwich with french fries. The sandwich was good and french fries were crispy.

The service was okay- I wasn't impressed nor was I disappointed.

This is a great breakfast place in MGM if you are staying here and people in your group want breakfast or lunch!笑
Was not impressed by this restaurant. Service was very slow, and the food was just okay. I ordered one of the spicy bloody Mary's from the menu. When I received it, there was no spice at all. The olives were also supposed to have habanero peppers in them. Instead, they were just regular olives. I went back to the bar and the bartender would not add more spice. I had to take a bottle of tobasco back to my table. My mother found some hairy ball in her cured salmon. The prices were what I expected for Vegas. Overall, was not a fan of this restaurant.笑
The server didn't know the menu. I ask what "asian vegetables" were included on the thai chicken salad. He stood there for a long time. Then continued to say , lettuce and noodles. (When lettuce was in the description, not part of the asian vegetables.)  He went back in the kitchen to find out after I looked at him and kind of laughed at his answer. We waited forever for the food. It was completely dead in the restaurant. My boyfriend saw him standing behind me watching the soccer game the entire time. His prime beef dip sandwhich obviously sat under the heat lamp way too long. The cheese and gravy were both congealed.  Then he asked if my boyfriend was done with his plate and grabbed it. And my boyfriend said no. Then the server stated he was sorry for trying to grab it away. Literally 1 minute later he asked again and tried fo grab it. Both times we said we were still working on it. Way over priced and horrible service. His name was Lucas. Make sure to not get him!!!笑
My plate had 2 sausages and one of them was raw, I told the server and he just looked at it and said it was okay, I told him that the other one was good but this one was red and bloody.  He did not do and thing and walked away.

My sisters skillet of egg and pork tasted weird not good at all she did not even finish half her plate.

My moms French toast was probably the only thing that was good about the place. It looked nice and tasted good, she said it was sweet I thought it was just right, but I do love sweets anyway.笑
We just arrived at the MGM Grand starving and this is the first place we saw. Glad we did! I ordered eggs Benedict and the eggs were perfectly poached. Great hollandaise. Had some orange drink concoction that was delicious. It's pretty spendy considering it's a Cafe, but we left full and happy. The service was very good but it was hard to hear them because it's so loud.笑
Service was very slow and the food was awful. Breakfast came out cold. I ordered sausages on the side and it came cold. The skillet breakfast was nasty and the plate had been sitting under the heat lamp for so long that the cheese had hardened and the eggs were chewy. Steer clear from this place笑
Do not order the cold brewed iced coffee cocktail. Completely ruined the experience. There was something off about it. Tasted like sour milk or something. It could have been the bailey's or cold brew but it was not pleasant. The food was good but the cocktail just ruined it for me. I knew it wasn't just me because my entire family had tasted it and all agreed it tasted like sour milk. Would not recommend the drink and how they handled the situation. Skepticism made it seem like I was lying about it to get out of paying.笑
We ate here twice during our recent stay at the MGM, and I was pleased with my meal on both occasions. The service was a little slow, but the servers were quite pleasant. I loved the short rib sandwich, it was tender but not too rich or fatty. For a cafe, it is a bit pricey (as I recall, about $17 to $25 per entree) but the quality was excellent and we were able to walk right in and be seated both times.笑
This place is located in the MGM grand; which was so convenient because that was where my boyfriend and I stayed for our trip.  We came down for breakfast and immediately noticed the long line.  It got longer as we waited.  However, the line moves fairly quickly.  It may be due to the fact the place is so massive and there are a lot of seatings.

We were sat at a booth.  Our server came around shortly and took our order.  I ordered the blueberry almond-crunch pancakes which came with a side of bacon and sausage.  My boyfriend ordered the chicken & waffles with a manmosa (the manly version of a mimosa, served in a beer mug).  Our breakfast was pretty basic and nothing too fancy, but definitely hit the spot for a fulfilling breakfast.  Honestly, sometimes you do not always have to go too crazy creative with your food.  

Breakfast foods are classic and when done right should make one feel as if they are ready to take on the day.  Avenue Cafe certainly does that.笑
It was already noon but we still wanted breakfast. The kids and I walked into this hotel cafe for the location convenience. The waitress,  Liz, was very friendly and checked in on us frequently.  
The food itself is average. I ordered the breakfast burrito and the kids got the chocolate chip pancakes. They seemed to enjoy the pancakes as they were loaded with chocolate chips,  but my food tasted bland.  Overall, this place wasn't bad or good,  just something to get in my belly.笑
Mushroom & Gruyere Burger was very good tasting but that's all you got on the burger. No tomatoes, onion, lettuce, or sauce, etc.笑
Food was okay, the service was great. Hostess was sweet but I can't remember her name. And our waitress outdoes any waitress I've had in Vegas, Letizia/leticia.笑
Tried the Monte Cristo and the biscuit & gravy special. The food was pretty good, a little under-whelming. The restaurant is clean and casual.笑
It's late night after a fun night at Hakkasan and seeing HARDWELL!!!! The birthday couple wanna grab a bite so of course I am down! We ordered A LOT of food. Unfortunately the birthday girl suddenly didn't feel so well once all the food came. The birthday man went to go get his birthday woman while I sat and sampled a little bit of everything... Nachos, chicken wings, chili, grilled cheese, coleslaw, french fries... I don't recommend the chicken wings, they were breaded. So if you like breading on your chicken fingers, by all means: GET THEM!! But I just do not. The grilled cheese was good - it came cut into four pieces and with a tomato bisque type dipping sauce, you know just like grilled cheese and tomato soup! The nachos were piled high but I was just stealing jalapenos off of the pile anyway! 
And our server was really nice and understanding =)
The only thing I can say that SUCKS is there is no bathroom inside and you have to walk through the casino alllll the way to the bathroom and when it's 4am and you've been partying all night in heels it is NOT the business!!笑
Worse service I ever had ...we wait 45 minutes for pancakes and omlet
And the food was gross笑
Decided to just have a quick breakfast in the MGM before we started our day.  There was no wait so that was a plus.  Our waiter was attentive and polite so that was good, but unfortunately the food was pretty expensive for the quality you get.  I would compare the food to room service at a cheap hotel.... Plus, it took forever for our food to arrive, and by the time it did, my husband's benedict was cold.  The waiter was kind of enough to have it sent back and apologized. But $45 for 2 breakfast plates, 1 OJ, and 2 coffees is a little much for sub par quality.  I would go somewhere else, or just get Starbucks next door :)笑
Came here for early breakfast with my brothers. The waiter was very courteous and outgoing. Chatted us up for a bit and it was a good small talk while we wait for our orders. Had the white chocolate french toast. The outside was crunchy and went great with the syrup. The inside was hot and soft and went well with the surround berries. Great experience and good breakfast. Little on pricey side but you are eating inside MGM Grand so don't expect cheap stuff.笑
Didn't have a bad meal here. Everything IS kind of pricey. Where is the Vega$ of the $4.99 prime rib buffet? Imploded with all of the old, classic hotels on the Strip? Anyway every server we had was super attentive and super-friendly. Coffee is absolutely delicious. Tried a number of things at breakfast 3 days in a row, all of them quite filling and appetizing. Lines move pretty fast...even on Sunday at 10 AM. I should almost deduct a star for not having a restroom on the premises, so you DO have to walk a good jaunt through the casino, but then I only had to do that once out of our four visits here.笑
LOVE this restaurant.  My husband and I ordered the spinach dip with warm pita pieces as an appetizer and HANDS DOWN it was the most awesome, delicious, marvelous spinach dip I have ever had in my life.  I still think about it and wish I knew how to make it as good as they do.

I also ordered the turkey wrap, and I was good as well.  My husband ordered their wings and said they were absolutely fabulous (well not in those exact words, he used more manly terms that I cannot remember).  

I would recommend this restaurant if you are looking to not spend a lot of money but want something quick and good.笑
I was happy with my breakfast and experience, even with a very rude and obnoxious group sitting next to me.

I ordered the custom omelette that came with a side of hash browns. I cleaned my plate! 

Yes its expensive, its a casino restaurant.笑
I can't complain about this place. I always have a good experience. Several times visited here and as usual, good service but some times waiting time for food can be issue   It depends on the time. They serve only breakfast & lunches. Weekends are very  busy. Definitely come back again.笑
Breakfast at the MGM Grand cafe.  Service was good.  Wife's patty melt was a little overcooked but tasty.  Fries were good.  My steak & eggs were good but overcooked steak. Very tender, though.  Didn't get my bloody till 15 min; was holding wife's champaigne for my drink.  Wasted bubbles.笑
We ate at Avenue 24 on a Saturday morning while staying at MGM Grand with friends.  First off, I recommend you get Avenue 24 to go instead of room service.  We actually looked first at the room service menu, and it was crazy expensive, even for room service in Las Vegas on the strip.  So, we checked out the menu for Avenue 24 online.  The scrambles and omelets were approximately half the price that they were on the room service menu.  The place is close to the Grand Tower elevators, so it's easy and quick to get to.  Also, they provided plastic utensils, napkins, and plenty of condiments.  Were we ever to stay at MGM Grand again, we absolutely would get Avenue 24 to go instead of getting room service.

I had the Avenue 24 scramble, which is eggs with ham, bacon, sausage, a lot of Tillamook cheddar, crispy potatoes and chive sour cream.  This is an enormous scramble, easily shareable.  The crispy potatoes were in every bite and worked very well with the cheddar.  But, the thing that tied it all together is the flavor from the chive sour cream.  It gives a faint chive flavor throughout and the sour cream adds a nice creaminess to the eggs.  I would absolutely get this dish again, every bite had every flavor.  

The wife had the corned beef and eggs, which is another enormous breakfast.  It's made with large chunks of tender corned beef, and there are a lot of them.  The dish was seasoned well.  She would order it again.

When I went to pick up the food I sat in the bar area, which was large and had TVs.  Service was quick, they told me on the phone it would be about 15 minutes to get my food and it was.  This is a great addition to MGM Grand and we would definitely return.笑
Not very good. Dark skinned bartender made drinks touching olives and other products that go into drinks without washing his hands. Ordered some food and wasn't very good at all. Very pricey at that. Sorry. It is what it is笑
If you can't handle the amount of people who are in your restaurant, STOP seating them!

No one should have to wait for over 10 minutes to place a drink order, period! I still have no clue who my server is as I type this review and the hostess ended up taking my order.

It's like they sat me in an area with no server. Total BS.笑
Probably the worst dining option in the MGM Grand. Went with four friends for a casual lunch, and each one of us were dissatisfied with the service and food. Avoid this place.笑
Had some resort credit at MGM so we tried this out for breakfast.  We split the Grand Breakfast both days and for $20 it was a pretty decent meal and filling for the both of us.  The pancakes were much larger on the second day but it all tasted great.  Service was a bit slow at times but it worked out.笑
Service is a 4 star. We went here for breakfast. Foodwise, its a 2.5 to 3 stars. Lobster benedict is ok. Waffle sandwich was ok as well. Price of the food I would say on the expensive side.笑
Ever been to a buffet? It's exactly like that but u don't have to get up to get ur food. They unkindly bring it to you. The food is average and overpriced. Atmosphere is loud and cold similar to a buffet.笑
Slim pickings for breakfast places any time after 11am in this city, which seems ironic considering the 24hr party that is Vegas. Anyway, the waitress was nice but not terribly attentive, had to actually ask another waitress for the check because we hadn't seen her and had been finished eating for probably 10 minutes. 

The food: overpriced ($80 for two breakfasts) and not that great. The hasbrowns were mushy had cheese in them (not a fan of cheesy hasbrowns and the menu didn't specify there was cheese in them).  Bloody Mary had a wilted piece of romaine and a cold, disgusting piece of bacon in it. 

Would have preferred the overpriced, prepackaged Starbucks breakfast next door.笑
Overall, the menu was your typical diner food but way more expensive because of it's location in the MGM Grand. We ordered well though, and had the chicken and waffles. The waffles were flavored with jalapeño and cheddar. It's definitely a highlight of the menu. My husband and I were super full after sharing this meal.

HOWEVER, they advertise fresh squeezed orange juice and that is a lie. There is no way that orange juice they served us was fresh squeezed. C'mon, don't lie about silly stuff like that. Also, a standard coffee will set you back $5. Much better to just go to Starbucks at that price.笑
I ate here a year ago was great BUT I went to the cafe for breakfast yesterday and was very disappointed. Went to the cafe early to beat the rush and was told by the hostess I would have to wait 10-15 min, in the long line , when the restaurant is almost completely empty. She said she did not have a person to serve at the empty tables. I guess in the largest hotel they don't care much about the guest. When I was sat I still waited for service as I looked around at the few employees trying to run around trying to serve and was sad to watch. My server was friendly but everyone in that place looks overwhelmed.  The food was not good for the price they charge and took almost 25 minutes for egg dishes. That was on top of ALL THE TIME I WAITED BEFORE. ALMOST 1 HOUR FOR A SIMPLE BREAKFAST. If you charge $20 for eggs and $5 for coffee you should at least have the service to back it up. Did not see manager the whole time until I asked to speak to one.Took her a few minutes to come out. I talked to the manager Martha about the service or lack of and that the food was cold she gave me an apology but did not seem to care too much and brushed me off and walked away to the back were she came I guess she was not concerned with how the place runs I don't know who is running the MGM cafe but they should be ashamed. Walked by the next day around lunch time and the line was out to the casino again and you can see how empty the place is. The management  should care more about the guests but I guess they prefer empty tables and making people not want to come back. Take my advice with all the restaurants to eat at in Vegas GO SOMEWHERE ELSE.笑
The newly opened Avenue 24 cafe inside the MGM Grand had absolutely no appeal except for its proximity to Wet Republic. We ended up stopping in for a quick (or not so quick) lunch right before day club and the whole experience was quite disappointing.

The only good part about the place is the service. Our waiter was really nice and friendly. Everything else pretty much sucked. First of, I had wanted to order a salad but I just couldn't fork out $17 for a caesar or garden salad. Some things on the menu are more reasonably priced for the type of dish but be prepared to spend at least $20 or more per person.

We waited for our food for almost 30 minutes, which created a huge problem because we had a guestlist that was closing at Wet Republic. We ended up having only 10 minutes to eat before we had to rush out because it took the food so much longer than we expected to come out.

The taste left a lot to be desired. We had the skillet hash with green sauce and the short ribs fries. They both sound good in theory but both came out less than average at best. The hash didn't have good flavor and was overly salty. The fries didn't have enough topping and the short ribs also didn't taste like much.

With so many great places to eat in Vegas, I would highly recommend skipping this. MGM has a sandwich shop that's supposed to be good and from the looks of it, the service is a lot faster.笑
Located in the MGM, near the casino floor, this is a decent place to grab your basic diner style foods. The food quality is wonderful, portion sizes are very large (leftovers for sure here! Sadly no fridges in the MGM rooms though) and drinks are refilled promptly. Prices are high, but in reality are acceptable due to portion sizes. The menu is huge and there is a small all day breakfast menu if desired. 

Amazingly, there is no smoke smell despite being so close to slots which was a very welcome surprise. Avenue 24 is a good place to visit if you need your basic comfort foods; however, with all the great dining options in Vegas, I would say to limit this to one visit per trip.笑
Two stars because the service was nice. But that food was EXPENSIVE and it tasted blan and horrible! Make sure if you order eggs you order real eggs, otherwise they serve your powdered or syrup eggs. 

But the only reason we ate here is cause we were hungry. But the bill ended up being over $40 and we didn't even order drinks... Just water. If it's possibly for you then I suggest avoiding this place.

The only good thing I remember about this place was the PBR was descent price compared to everywhere else in the hotel. $5 for 16oz $13 for 60oz pitcher.笑
convenient cafe for people who wake up late and still want breakfast (they serve breakfast until 1pm)...the white chocolate french toast was different than any french toast i've tried. it's sweet but i still put syrup on it. the berries were a nice compliment to balance the sweetness.笑
Very average on its best day

Average casino cafe- good for when you need a quick sit down meal.  The food is basic banquet quality- nothing too amazing.  Prices are high but normal by Vegas standards.  
The service was a little slow but still considering the quality of food, it wasn't the lowest point.

I can't say I'd recommend this place but I also can't say I wouldn't come here again. If you're staying at the MGM Grand and want a quick sit down breakfast, it's not your worst option.笑
I went here..  Nothing too fancy, but sometimes, that's exactly what is needed.  

I ordered the Frisco melt and it was perfect.

I like the layout of the place.   Opening and welcoming.

If you're already at the MGM, Not a bad place to pick up some grub.笑
While looking for Gluten free friendly places to have breakfast we came across this cafe that was conveniently located inside the hotel we were staying at.

The wait was short and the menu was accommodating. As we placed our orders we mentioned to the waiter that my husband was gluten and lactose intolerant and cannot eat any cheese/milk/wheat products. 

10 or so minutes later our food comes out and looks amazing! I ordered the pancakes with apples and my husband ordered the scrambled eggs with bacon and hash browns. He takes a few bites and comments on how tasty the food is and just as salty as he likes it as if there is cheddar cheese in the eggs which he goes onto finding a huge chunk of cheese in his food... takes another 10 minutes to get the attention of a waiter and another 15 until he offers to replace his food. In the meantime we found the manager who promptly disappeared into the kitchen for 15 minutes or so to talk to the kitchen staff (I assume).

When the manager came back, he apologized for the mistake and offered to comp our food and replace the dishes we ordered. My husband ordered a new dish and while we are waiting the original order he had, this time without cheese came to the table... We told the waiter he'll just have that and to cancel the new order before any more food is wasted.

For a city built on service, the actual service has been nothing but dis appointing...

I just hope people with worse sensitivities do not get affected by receiving dishes that can be detrimental to their health. We were lucky he only took a couple of bites and realized the mistake.笑
Avenue Cafe is located inside MGM.  Its one of the few places open for breakfast.  Dishes cost about 10+.  I decided to order the California Omelet.  After putting in our orders, we had to wait about 20 minutes for our food to come out.  The California Omelet was pretty good.  There was egg whites, spinach, mushrooms, and avocado on top.
 
The service could have been a bit better.  We never really saw our waitress after we ordered our food.  I requested for some ketchup for my hash browns, but it never came.笑
Such a waste!!
Came by before a day at Wet Republic and NOTHING looked appealing on the menu, so I chose something simple that I figured could not have anything wrong - a club sandwich on sourdough with a fruit cup. 

The sourdough was nicely toasted and good . . . that's about it. 
There was a glop of mayo on one piece of bread while the rest were dry, really?
turkey was decent, ham was overly salty, bacon was soggy, and they put more lettuce than all of the meat combined. Fruit cup had bad grapes and the edge/skin pieces of pineapple . .
WELL THEN笑
Decent enough spot to grab breakfast or dinner. Lines can be long so if you don't mind grab a spot at the counter. Not a large menu and a bit pricey but consider it's casino prices.

Seems like a lot of so-so reviews for this spot. It's nothing fancy but an ok enough place to have breakfast while I was staying here the other week while attending a convention in town. Never had to wait on lines too long as I was by myself and always took a counter seat. Service up there was ok. 

Kind of tired looking decor though. MGM should renovate it a bit to have a more cheery look and not that of an old casino floor.笑
Arent comps great!  Eating the MGM buffet for four straight days, it gets a little old.  Another great choice for breakfast in MGM is the Ave Cafe.  Fresh OJ and good coffee to start off your day.  My wife had banana bread french toast, which she loved.  I had the eggs bene, which was also great.  Eggs were perfectly poached and the holly sauce was perfect.  Side of bacon and toast rounded off a great meal.  Service by all the server in MGM are very well trained and attentive.  I have never had bad service from anyone in MGM.笑
Hubby and I stopped in for Happy Hour to check this place out. They have a 5 for 5 special where you can get sliders, chicken strips, truffle homeade potato chips, nacho's. 
Patron shots for under 5 bucks in vegas is a steal, so we had a couple of those. Food was pretty tasty, service was good and the restaurant is very pretty on the inside and very clean. 

Happy hour was a bit hit for us so we will be back!笑
I've got nothing but love for the Avenue Cafe!  There was a long line (even for mlife members), so we grabbed a spot at the bar.  The server/bartender was a doll and just plain everything we needed on a hungover, Friday morning.  Our breakfast was your basic diner quality (which I love, btw).  Places like this bring me back to old school times when cafes where open 24/7 and omelettes were made at 3am.  No matter how many Starbucks go up in the casino (there's 3 inside MGM alone), I'll always be a fan of a cafe like this.  Was it brunch at its finest? No, but it went down heavenly.  Just what the hangover called for.笑
Food is super expensive and gross. I got the Denver omelette. The ingredients tasted like cheap lunch meats and the onions had to have  been precooked and sitting around for hours. One of my friends is a human garbage disposal and even he wouldn't eat it. The hashbrowns also tasted like they were sitting  around.笑
Decent bloody mary and short rib skillet.  The vegetables were the best part of the dish.  Nothing really stands out here.笑
tip if you are MLIFE or VIP you can skip the lines. portions are huge.笑
On a normal Tuesday morning my boyfriend and I waited 15 minutes JUST for coffee. 30 minutes later we recieved our food... Very 'meh' pancakes and the GROSSEST biscuits and gravy I have EVER had. Okay eggs and okay hashbrowns. Over all a very poor breakfast that ended up to be about 50 dollars. Not worth it at all. Very disappointed.笑
Two stars because my huevos rancheros were surprisingly good and it was a huge portion! 

Kind of pricey, but that's what you can expect for Vegas hotel food. 

What really upset me was the service. From the start, my boyfriend and I felt super rushed. We could tell that our server, Hoi, was about to end his shift by how he was hurrying us and everyone else around us. Our breakfast was dropped off at the table by a different waiter, and not even 5 minutes later Hoi walked up and asked us if we wanted dessert and dropped off our check when we said no. I definitely don't want dessert yet if I have only taken a few bites of my entree and still have a full Bloody Mary on the table! We watched as he did the same thing to the man next to us, who still had a full plate as well. I understand that he just wanted his tip, but I'm sure guests would appreciate it more if tables were transferred to the next waitress instead. We came to Vegas to relax on vacation, not to feel rushed and unwelcome in a restaurant that we're giving our money to. To make matters worse, there must've no communication on his part when he left because the next waitress taking over his section asked us if we were ready to close out yet and looked confused when we said we already did. Being in the service industry myself, I would never treat my guests like this.笑
This brand-new remodeled restaurant just opened the other day. It's a 24 hour restaurant, open 24 hours, and serves classic but unique American food! 

Everything on their menu sounded fantastic! They had simple yet delicious dishes like eggs and sausages and really interesting dishes like red velvet pancakes! 

I had the Lobster Benedict, and it was absolutely amazing! I never even had eggs Benedict before, so I was completely in shock when I saw my dish. First of all the serving size was HUGE. It was a huge buttery toasted bread topped off with really big delicious & tender lobster claws, two perfectly poached eggs, and this creamy light hollandaise sauce! It also came with a side of fresh, garlic seasoned potatoes. It was absolutely delicious! 

Their menu had a range of prices generally from $6 to $24. $24 was the highest price I saw on their menu (at least from what I remember). My lobster Benedict was $21, but it was completely worth it! It was so good, and the portion sizes were so big that I couldn't even finish everything! 

I had a taste of my friend's blueberry pancake that she ordered, and it was just as amazing (but not as great as mine! ;] ). It was these big 4 layered pancake stuffed with fresh blueberries and topped off with almonds and a light maple syrup. So yummy~ :3 

The service was absolutely fantastic! Everyone was so friendly and catered to every one of our needs. Our server, Dean, was really nice. We had a really nice conversation with him. 

This is a really nice quiet restaurant to dine in. It's a nice place to get away from the loud and busy commotions of the casino and the strip. It kind of has this home-y feeling which I love because you can sit down, relax, and chat with your friends. Totally recommend it!笑
This cafe is pretty pricey but hey you are in vegas!
I got an omelet with hash browns and it wasn't anything special. I would honestly prefer ihop.
But the service was great and we got our food pretty fast.
If you are staying at the mgm it is a fast place to get breakfast or lunch!笑
It's solid, reliable hotel cafe food, nothing to write home about, but also not so bad as to say you'd kick it out of bed either.

It's priced a tad higher than the value I think, but you're paying for convenience

The food is good, not great, nothing signature nor unique about it nor the experience.

I'd recommend it if you look at the menu for the variety/diversity of food and pricing before you go in, to know what you're walking into.  It it has stuff you like and you don't mind the prices, and there's no long wait, then I say "go for it."笑
Not bad, not great, had breakfast here. If you're staying in the MGM then this is the most convenient place for breakfast that won't charge you an arm and a leg. Food was good enough and satisfying. Service was friendly and efficient.笑
The only reason my friends and I came here was because we were craving breakfast after staying up all night and didn't want to leave our hotel building. I would recommend this place for a decent quality breakfast if you are staying in MGM. 

At around 11am on a Saturday, the wait in line was around 20 minutes. I had a group of 10. Our server was very upbeat and friendly, he took our orders really quick. Everybody either had the steak and eggs or the eggs benedict. The prices were higher than what I'm used to for what we got but like I said, this is a good choice for convenience if you're staying in MGM. 

I really enjoyed my eggs benedict, the eggs were perfecty poached and the hashbrowns were cooked well. As for my friends, they devoured their steak and eggs and said they were delicious.

NOTE: Coffee is $5 per person. It says so on the menu but our server dumped some filled coffee canisters on our table and gave us mugs if we said we wanted coffee. My friends were surprised that they had to pay $5 for it afterwards.笑
The best chicken and waffles I've ever had!!  Was just in Vegas for my birthday and stayed at the Signature MGM.  We arrived a bit early so we were killing time waiting for our room to be ready and decided to grab something to eat.  I forget her name, but our waitress was so nice and accommodating.  I ordered the cheese and jalapeno waffles with chicken and a side of hash browns.  I did order a Bellini which wasn't so great..Capital Grille has the best Bellini. However, the service was outstanding and my meal was yummy, albeit a bit pricey. Most importantly, you can use your Mlife card to earn points and get discounts. My waitress even brought me a brownie with candle in it for my birthday.笑
I went two days in a row. The first time the service was terribly slow and it took a long time to get in. The second time it was better but still not ideal. My food was pretty good both times. I had the blueberry almond pancake and the chicken strips with a plain waffle. The waffle could have been bigger. The mimosas were good! Everyone at my table enjoyed their meals and I would go back.笑
Warning - honest review by a professional!!!

Credentials for posting this review:  My wife and I have 25 years collectively in the food/hospitality realm. We spend ~$35,000 per year dining out. Together we can enjoy a simple burger to a multi course dining experience. From grab-n-go, to fast-casual, to fine dining, we can appreciate each for what they are.  Hence, we believe we are well qualified to make this review. 

Food: Negative. If I was to place a star rating on the food in would be firmly in the 2 stars. It was not terrible, but you can tell that there is absolutely no love in this food. The ingredients have been frozen, bagged, and prepared far ahead of time in an effort to maximize efficiency and profits. Quite bluntly, it is dated and in hospice just like the hotel's accommodations and decor. 

Service: The saving grace of this establishment is the server Russ and the manager Maria. Without these two people, this would be a 2 star review. My wife and I walked in needing a quick bite and coffee. We expected to get in and get out with calories in our bellies and caffeine in our blood. However, we were met by Russ who greeted us cheerfully with a smile. This immediately made us feel welcomed and valued. Seeing that my energy was a bit groggy, he immediately asked if I wanted some coffee or a latte. He even gracefully "upsold" a shot of kahlua and informed me of the all-day cocktail menu (even though I declined.) His knowledge of the menu and quick responses showed his level of expertise and EQ. Throughout the entire dining experience he was attentive, without being overbearing, and did so flawlessly. If the food was anywhere close to the quality of the service, this would be a 5-star review. I settled on 4-stars because bad food can be forgiven (for the time being), but bad service cannot. Bad food comes from the priorities of the owners. Band services comes from bad management. 

I do not normally spent this much time and though typing a review (especially when I have tons of work to do) but because believe thoroughly comments can drive positive change, I decided to speak with a manager. Maria (manager) came by and I gave her my feedback and asked for the GM's card, which I will be sending this review to as well. 

If this establishment prioritizes profits, the food with not change. If they care more about their bottom line, they will simply ignore this review. However, if they (and they is a loaded word because sometimes it is beyond the management's control) have the ability to raise beyond the day-to-day and better themselves and the experience of their guests, then there is hope. What is needed is a concept change; a complete makeover. Additionally, management hopefully recognized people like Russ and invests in his advancement in their company. 

I do believe one person can make a difference. If you end up dining at this establishment, please feel free to post updated reviews. Also, I'd recommend asking to be in Russ' section... 

Respectfully,
Christopher and Joyce笑
Adequate service, don't order the Southwest omlette.  They use frozen chopped vegetables and potatoes.  I had to send mine back and order 2 eggs over easy which were good, but hash browns were sub par as they had been frozen.笑
I am sitting in a booth at the Avenue Cafe as I write this review. Next to me is my sweet 7year old son who ordered the choc chip pancakes with choc milk. Chocoholics Anonymous anyone?

Since I am trying to stay true to my Atkins diet, I ordered the eggs Benedict, and asked for an extra poached egg in place of the English muffin. I asked my waitress if she would ask if they could do a substitution. Her reply? No. 

I asked, "No, you won't ask if they will substitute?" And she said no, uhh, yes, I can ask, but they won't substitute. Oh wait, there's my manager now. I will ask her.

The manager told her to tell me that they would not substitute, and if I wanted an extra egg it was going to be an additional $2.50 per extra egg. 

Since I am paying $15 for the eggs Benedict, it seems excessive to charge so much money to remove one of the main components and swap it for a cheap component. "Hey, could you remove the expensive two pieces of muffin and replace it with ONE poached egg?" 

Note to self; MGM management who oversees the Avenue Cafe gives not one hoot about customer service. My tip today? Stay away. Spend your money with the rude Starbucks baristas next door instead.笑
Don't eat here! Had the Thai salad and it was the saltiest and most disgusting salad ever. The chicken was dry and the lettuce seemed weeks old. I would stay clear of this place. The service was slow. It was ridiculously expensive, and the food was no where near worth it. Mcdonalds would have been a better option.笑
Breakfast was delicious at the Avenue Cafe. We waited about 10 minutes for a seat but the service after that was wonderful. We had a lovely waitress who was friendly and welcoming and helped give us great recommendations. We ordered the banana nut French toast which was out of this world, as well as eggs Benedict. The place was crowded but we waited very little for the food. I wish the eggs had been a little warmer, but overall it was well worth the money.笑
I rarely go sweet for breakfast but when I saw red velvet pancakes on the menu, I couldn't resist. Unfortunately, I was disappointed. They brought out 3 smushed muffins with a a thing of syrup. When on asked where the white chocolate glaze from the menu was, the server said no one liked it so they stopped serving it. Why was it on the menu then?! Boo brunch fail!笑
I expected more because this was in the MGM but it really let me the down. The food was whatever but the service......horrible. I don't know if our waitress was deaf or if she was too busy for our group but it was awful. My cousin found a hair in his food. She brought out the wrong bread for three of us. She messed up my whole order except for the potatoes....but how can you get potatoes wrong? Maybe I'm just ranting and it was just my waitress who wasn't very professional but overall it wasn't a very good experience.笑
This is tough to give 2 stars to. I honestly think that if it wasn't so outrageously expensive, It would have 3. Yes I know, it's in Vegas and Vegas is expensive. But the Denny's style menu (breakfast lunch and dinner all day) just shouldn't be that much. 
After much debate between the make-your-own omelette or the french dip... I went with the french dip.
It was big. Maybe too big. I'd almost describe it as I had some bread with my meat. The sandwich itself wasn't bad. It was soaking wet with grease which was disappointing, but the quality was pretty good. The sauce (they do it with gravy instead of au jus) was waaaay too salty. Had they toned it down on the salt, it would have been a lot better. The saving grace were the fries. They were really quite good. 
It's the noise level got a little obnoxious. I know its Vegas, but between the casino and the amount of employees yelling across the restaurant, it was a little much.
With the big menu and the convenience of being located in MGM, it may be worth a shot. However, get out your wallets... my french dip was $20. Ouch.笑
Eh. Went right at 6am when they opened. Only about 6 other tables were seated so it wasn't busy. Yet took over 10 minutes for waitress to come and another 10 to get water/drinks and order placed. Then another 20 to get our food. It was just 2 of us. Basic breakfast food. My sandwich was decent, but not worth $20. My girlfriends breakfast was mediocre and she couldn't even eat the potatoes they were bland. Not worth an hour of our time and over $40 we spent. They seasoned everything with some red paprika seasoning and it still was pretty tasteless. Blah.笑
This place makes a terrible skillet, in every way possible. First, the meat was not even hot! It is not mixed into the skillet but placed on top and it tasted like it was microwaved!! The potatoes were hard and the edges chewy, meaning they weren't fresh. I couldn't taste the potato! How could you mess up on potatoes?? Good thing the eggs themselves were fine.

For a ~$15 skillet, I deserved wayyyyy better. Next time I'm sticking with Denny's. The wait time was also at least 20 minutes after ordering.

On the plus side, the pancakes were decent. Get those, but don't expect flavored pancakes to come with much flavor. Ours didn't.

Service was friendly and the place was clean. Coffee was excellent.

If we ever return, which is highly unlikely, it will only be for pancakes and coffee.笑
I was very disappointed with the service. You would think having a cafe in such a nice hotel like the MGM they would have better service.

Pros
Quick seating

Cons
Poor customer service
Low food quality

My husband and I wanted to get breakfast before going to Wet Republic so we came by here so we could leave quickly. Oh boy was that a fail. Our waitress was slower than molasses. We waited forever for her: to bring us water (never gave us any refill), to take our order, bring our order, bring the check and take out box! She was also incredibly rude (probably because we look young). I asked if I could substitute eggs for extra hash browns for a meal and she said it wasn't possible. So I just got the fruit and walnut pancakes to keep it simple. My husband did the create your own omelette, and she criticized him for his choices....like seriously? It's his breakfast why do you care?

Fortunately my pancakes were great, but his omelette looked pitiful...you spend so much money on it for it to look like they threw everything in sloppy.

When we were finishing up we tried to flag our waitress down to get a box and our check because we had to leave to make it on time to check into Wet Republic. She acted like she couldn't see us. When she finally came over and gave us our bill, she made us wait over 10 minutes to give me back my card and my copy of the receipt.

Needless to say I don't recommend coming here. If you want an amazing breakfast and don't mind the walk go to Hash House A Go Go. Better service and food.笑
Service was quick and friendly. Large portions and variety of breakfast options. I had a nice party for 1 breakfast here during my stay at Tropicana next door to MGM. 

Keep in my portions are huge. I think my meal was enough for 2 people.

Eggs were cooked right. 

Biscuit and gravy was delish. Although I did think it was a bit too salty for my taste.

I really enjoyed the carrot juice. I'd recommend trying that.笑
My wife and I come here every time we stay at the MGM. The service is always awesome, restaurant is clean, and the food is delicious. Our server today was Yoseph and he was excellent. He kept our coffee cups filled and checked on us as needed. Unfortunately my meal was not up to par. The homemade corned beef hash was undercooked enough to where it was bloody. I requested eggs over easy and they were cooked medium. There was way too much hash brown potatoes in the corned beef hash that I couldn't eat more than two bites. My wife's order was perfectly prepared so no complaints from her. Since were in a hurry I didn't have time to speak to the Yoseph but hopefully the manager will read my review and check on how the food is leaving the kitchen.笑
We were staying at MGM for the first time and wanted a quick bite before Wet Republic, so we came here out of convenience. Never again will I do that here. If you want overpriced, mediocre food, you're in the right place.

Decor: Modern, nice, and clean. A few tables for larger parties. Too bad this was the only positive thing I can find. All looks and no substance.

Food: 
1) Braised rib skillet - The eggs were overly cooked. The braised ribs were tender but had no flavor in them. Even when it was mixed with everything. Even adding a bunch of salt, pepper, and hot sauce didn't improve my appetite for this dish.
2) Breakfast burrito enchilada style - This dish was a little better than the braised rib, but a little better than a 0 is still terrible. You can make a simple breakfast burrito delicious, but somehow they messed it up. Though it was doused in sauce, it felt dry. The one thing I liked was the crispiness of the potatoes.

Service: very minimal.笑
We really enjoyed our breakfast experience here! We only waited a few minutes to be seated. Our waitress was lovely. I ordered scrambled eggs without butter/oil and they were prepared perfectly. Actual whole cracked eggs, scrambled. Not a pasteurized liquid egg product that was used in Hubby's omelet. With our check, our waitress also gave us refills on coffee/tea and to-go cups. I will definitely go back!笑
Avenue Cafe was pretty average and that may be being nice. Nothing special! My husband and I came here with a group of friends during our Vegas vacation. We all had started with mimosas but I had the manmosa. Basically 14 oz instead of like 6 or 8. The mimosas were good but the food was blah! The waiter had a lot of personality and kept is laughing.

Now onto the food. I ABSOLUTELY love red velvet cake or anything for that matter. When I saw that they had red velvet pancakes I was SSSSOOO excited and knew that's what I was going to get..So I ordered that and some egg whites, chicken sausage and hash browns to share with my husband.. : / .. Well to my surprise (which I don't know why I was surprised bc most ppl don't get red velvet right anyway) it was nothing like a pancake or that good. It was more like 3 little mini cakes. They had a dry crumble but had a rich taste. The icing was also cinnamon roll icing. And YES I expected more bc I've been to restaurants that have had red velvet pancakes or waffles and they took time out to provide a good "icing" or cream. The egg whites were blah and I should have out cheese on them. The chicken sausage was good though. The hash browns were just hash browns nothing special .. My husband ordered the Chicken and Waffles and his meal was average. Once again ... Nothing special. 

Overall coming here was a good experience and good vibes with friends but the food was mediocre . I've tried it once and that's enough. I doubt I would come back.笑
It was an over priced Denny's.  Disappointing especially since it was the first thing I ate when I got to Vegas.笑
Stopped here after attending a show at another casino.  It was about 11pm and we were greeted and seated immediately.  
Wife ordered a steak salad and I ordered the bowl of chili.  The steak on the salad was good but the dressing was just blah.  The chili was just your run of the mill chili and was a bit too salty for my taste.  
It was quiet inside, but it was late, and the ambiance was nice.  Overall though, it was a bit pricey for what we got.  It will do in a pinch if you are looking for late night eats and don't wish to leave the hotel to go look for it.笑
I went here for Breakfast one morning - I really enjoyed the egg and bacon sandwich; however the portion sizes are way too big, I wasn't able to even come close to finishing all the food on my plate. If they were about half the size it would be better. That being said, the service is great and they are incredibly friendly.笑
Great coffee, nice breakfast menu, food is tasty and certainly reasonably priced for a Vegas hotel restaurant. No wait at all on a Thursday morning but this could change depending on local events.  I would definitely come again for breakfast.笑
Ordered an omelet and didn't got it even after 40 min, really not professional.
Don't come here if you are really hungry.笑
After trying to figure out what to eat for breakfast we came across Avenue 24 Bar & Grill. The line was long but moved fast. The server quickly came to take our order and in no time we had our drinks... some OJ & water. 

The water tasted like it came from tap... Talk about tasting nasty...

Our food came quickly. Even though the menu is high in price the portions are decent, the service is great, and the food is tasty.

The clean up crew is also awesome. They move quickly and start cleaning right after a table is finished. It makes it more pleasant for customers to sit around clean tables & cuts their wait time.笑
Nice decor. Good food. Lousy service. I asked for coffee with cream and Splenda. Server set set down a carafe of coffee rather hard and said here's your coffee. I had no cup and no Splenda. Some one else brought the cream. But I had to take the Splenda from  another table. The server never conversed with us. Wasn't very personable at all. Somebody else dropped off the food. Not sure why as the restaurant was not busy at all. The server came but to check on our drinks after we were finished never during our meal. Very disappointed in the level of service from such a prestigious hotel. Better customer service training is obviously needed.笑
Definitely a pricey breakfast for what you get but its expected at a casino.
Wife & I stopped in for breakfast. Ordered the Grand and wife ordered the Montecristo. For the Grand,  eggs were cooked exactly as I ordered, sausage was flavorful, pancakes light and fluffy. Wife said the Montecristo was just OK, not the best but not the worst. Service was fantastic, Thank you Gloria B!笑
it does its job.
The food is nothing to write home about, pricing is within Vegas breakfast diners.

One thing I must say is that the Nachos was very tasty and for $12 it can feed 5-6 people.  We had a family of 2 adults, 1 child and we only ate half of it.  I couldn't even much for my dinner due to the nachos.笑
They serve gluten free bread!!! We stumbled upon this restaurant and we over it. Great gluten free options listed on the main menu with reasonable prices.笑
Yikes paid $60 for two breakfasts and they're barely edible. The waiter was awesome though, super friendly.笑
Well first off I wanted to place a carryout order from my hotel room , but you have to order from the bar , a little inconvienced but ok. The bartender was friendly and wanted me to order alcohol??? Lol! I'm like dude it's 9am.. But it's Vegas anywho the Buttermilk Pancakes and Applewood Bacon melt in your mouth !! Very Expensive though $20 and no potatoes笑
Came here for breakfast with a few friends who were staying in the MGM.   Restaurant is pretty convenient from the Monorail as I came in from another location.  Just follow the signs to the Restaurants.

Good coffee, generous portion of orange juice.  I went with the Avenue Scramble and it was quite good.  I'm really getting into scrambles of late as they just seem more enjoyable than your typical omelette.  Service was attentive and pleasant.  All in all a great start to a very busy day.笑
Terrible breakfast. My potatoes in the hash brown taste nasty and my bacon soft   No crunchy. I'm not coming back笑
Not bad if you're looking for food late when the buffet and other restaurants are closed.  It's a little pricey compared to the food in the food court area however it wasn't bad.  I got the club sandwich and it was a huge portion.笑
I had the French toast for breakfast it was good just incredibly small. I thought I was getting these big prices of French toast and theses little Ice cube shaped things come out. It was good ( made with cornflakes so it can a good crunch) just felt more like an appetizer than a main dish. Also tried the breakfast burrito it was descent.笑
Had a NY Strip smothered in onions and mushrooms, a salad and potatoes for Breakfast. The Balsamic dressing was weak, life is still good. Sometimes I love this life.笑
Lobster Benedict was very good. It actually had large pieces of lobster, nice. Hollandaise sauce was bland. 

However, price wise, it's definitely a little pricey. Most items are $16-22, but it's vegas so perhaps that's to be expected.笑
The food isn't worth more than 3 stars but we were very fortunate to be serviced by Jose, who is truly an outstanding waiter. He took care of our extremely large party and handled our requests and orders with nothing short of grace and professionalism. Furthermore, our party was split into two tables (one of which wasn't even in his original area to cover) and he managed this additional load with no issues, even taking the initiative to provide refills on everyone's drinks before we even needed to ask and making sure the bill was handled efficiently. He made the experience dining here very enjoyable - thank you Jose!

As for the food, it's fine but nothing special. I think it's nice that they offer breakfast foods in the afternoon. My recommendations include their club sandwich, Frisco melt, omelets, and sourdough toast. Avoid the chicken & waffles, wings, and poached eggs (I'm not sure how anyone can mess up poached eggs, but my order looked like snot). Avenue Cafe is obviously not the type of place one should go to eat unless they're staying at the MGM; it's a convenient option and with a waiter like Jose, a pretty pleasant one at that.笑
Mediocre to say the least. For more than $16 I got a plate of tasteless eggs with a few tasteless veggies in it. The rectangle hash brown tasted just like any other and they didn't bring out my toast until I was finished with my meal. They also never got us our butter, fruit for the toddler; or the extra napkins. I wouldn't bother going there, it's not worth the money.笑
For a $17 omelette very disappointed. Onions were scarce and the three or four slivers were grilled not fresh. Toast was cold and bacon burnt. Very sad!笑
My then, fiance, husband now, was starving and wanted to eat that very second, so Avenue Cafe was directly in front of us and off we went. There was no line as it was an off time between late lunch and early dinner. I was quite happy to see a vegetarian item on the menu that looked great and I ordered it.  When my food came I wasn't sure what to do. Anna didn't bring it out someone else did. I stared and stared, I asked my husband to taste it to see if it was what I ordered. He said he didn't know what it was. We flagged Anna down and the minute she got to the table and saw my food she picked the plate up and said she'd take care of it. Well, we ended up having to get everything to go. Check out the picture and you tell me what I got?....lol

Only reason for 2 stars is that when I got the right food, it was good...AND....
Jeff the Host - was very nice
Anna the waitress - was on her game and handled the mistake with our order quickly
Open 24 hours? wasn't sure???

DOS 0902 2014笑
Great breakfast and open 24 hours!

I've stayed at the MGM Grand multiple times and always end up going to Avenue 24 at least once if not multiple times throughout the stay. I've been here most often for breakfast and they do a damn fine job of curing the Vegas hangover - or at least fueling you up for the next round. Service has always been really good here, they get you seated fairly quickly even when it looks packed and the wait staff is very attentive to any of your needs. 

Good menu selection, reasonably priced, and a relaxed atmosphere make this a great place right in the middle of it all at the MGM Grand.笑
I stayed in Vegas for a week in November at the MGM. I placed a phone order with Avenue Cafe for 3 days in a row, and when I came down to pick up my food it was ready to go. On the 4th day,  I called down to place my order and the lady over the phone said that the cafe does not do phone orders. I told her that I had already done it a few times. She said she didn't know why an employee would do that because it's not allowed. I asked her if she can do it one more time for me because it was my last day and she asked me to hold. I was then on hold for 15 minutes (no joke). I was getting ready while I was on hold which is why I stayed on the line. I ended up hanging up and I walked down to the cafe. I spoke with the Manager (Solange) and explained the situation to her. She was so sweet about it. She said that none of her customers should be treated like that and she asked me what I wanted and said she can have it prepped and ready to go in a few minutes. She had the order ready fast and she even comp'd it. I was ready to blow up on someone when I was walking into the cafe but Solange definitely changed the tone for me. I will return to the cafe just for her!笑
Adoramos os lanches e nachos. O lanche é gigante é muito saboroso, não  conseguimos comer tudo!! Ótimo atendimento!!!!笑
The quality of the food saved this place for me. The service was slightly below average and it was very overpriced.

Got there around brunch time on a Sunday and only had to wait 5-10 minutes so that was great. When we sat down it took awhile for someone to take our order. And when the waiter did take our food order he forgot to take mine and walked away pretty quickly. He came back a few minutes later to take mine and apologize though. 

The food was good, my boyfriend got an egg scramble dish (forget which one) and he said they were the fluffiest eggs he's ever eaten. The coffee was very good but extremely overpriced-$5. And they only refilled it once.

I might come back here if there are no other options. It wasn't terrible but it was nothing to write home about.笑
Eating breakfast here reminded me that we were never going to eat here again. I don't know the problem but the food is not very good. From the hard eggs, undercooked hash browns to the limp bacon...I don't know. This place should be much better.

The service is okay but certainly not exceptional.

I have eaten here three times now and it has never been that great. I'm sure I will forget the next time I am in Las Vegas and stumble in again.笑
We really enjoyed our breakfast at the Avenue Cafe in MGM Grand. Our server Paul was excellent with a great sense of humor. I wasn't planning on drinking but the Hot Momma Bloody Mary sounded too good to pass up. It was well worth it although I added a little spice. The spicy olive was incredible.  The wife had the bacon Bloody Mary and enjoyed that as well.  

For the meal I had the Avenue Scramble and really liked it. I held the sour cream but it was all cooked perfectly and meshed very well. Caroline had the two egg combo and thought it was great as well. Definitely an upgrade over some of the other places we've been on this trip. Although not inexpensive we felt we got closer to what it was worth than other stops.笑
Wait was long and the food was mediocre. Other restaurants like the Beach Cafe at Tropicana is much cheaper and better笑
This is your run of the mill casino cafe, so it's not too over the top with just about anything.

HOWEVER, I will say that the service was great! They were on point with just about every movement and request that I made:

Cholula - "I almost had to go to Mexico to find it, but here you go my love."
Blood Mary - "Oh you've got it. I'll bring it before the water."
Water - (thinking to myself: I could use some water) Bam! "Here you go dear. You looked like you were going to need another one of these sooner than later."

Solid sized portions, check. Good food, check. Good selection, check. Pleasant, mildly hungover breakfast, check. Mind readers, ......maybe.笑
Ok so this has always been a go to place for me every time I'm in Vegas! The food is great the service has always been great until today. 
 Came to get food to go so they directed us to the bar to order it there we sit down to order our food we tell the bartender our so he turns around to input it in the computer and then asks us for order once again. Maybe you should write things down? It was a simple order . Placed our order at 10:25 to give you an idea we left at 11:00am with our food. But before leaving they forgot our coffees and our bagel . I didn't even give the guy my MLife card I was so frustrated with how long it took him just to charge us let alone bring the bill back! And take in mind there was 8 people sitting at the bar NOT BUSY!! I hate to do this because the day before was excellent service and all the other times as well but not today other people at the bar were also frustrated at the slow service by this man笑
Terrible experience. Waited 45 min for food which the food was discussing. Then waited 30 minute for check. Then another 15 to sign and get outta there.笑
Horrible service and totally overpriced. To be expected at the MGM casino though. The waiter behind the breakfast bar loved saying "no and we can't do that". He was ending his shift at 11 am and could care less. Get some sleep bud sorry I bothered you.笑
You're in Vegas, be nice to yourself.
As a local, I go around and try different casino cafes for the giggles and to write a review about something, but honestly I regret going here and torturing myself. 
My omelet was watery and bland, a bitter Mimosa that was $12, which I'm sure was made of expired OJ.
Atleast the customer service is nice, but the food will make you sick. go somewhere else.笑
This restaurant always has long lines in the morning since everyone is here for Breakfast. However, the line moves quickly and you are seated pretty quick. The restaurant as a really nice layout to it and the service is really good. 

I came here with a group of friends during our stay @ MGM & I absolutely loved our waitress! She made some good recommendations & I really liked what she recommended which was the California omelette. If you're weight watchin, this would be a good place for ya. She was super nice, tentative, & cracking jokes left and right. My entire group of friends really enjoyed her service. 

Tip: the portions can be a bit big for those who aren't big breakfast eaters or those who has a small appetite. The pancakes are huge (except the ones you ordered on the side) which is good enough to share among two. 

All in all, I would come back if I were to stay at mgm in the future :)笑
Really great toast.  Good prices and plenty of food for what you are paying (especially for Vegas).  

It's crowded, and there is usually a line for breakfast in particular, but it moved quickly.  It's the typical breakfast fare but sometimes that's exactly what you are looking for!  Haven't been back for lunch or dinner, but I would.笑
Convenient. However, I had to wait for a table for one while people who came after me were sited promptly. 
Coffee was watery but the price is 5 dollars. My two eggs with hash potatoes 16 dollars and one side tomato 2 dollars...笑
No vegan breakfast options and only one salad that didn't require modifications.  The kale salad was good (and huge portion) but dressing wasn't very flavorful.笑
Went for breakfast twice while staying at mgm.  Good amount of food for your dollar.  Wait staff friendly and prompt.笑
We had breakfast here twice while on our trip. It's convenient when your staying close by to grab breakfast before you head out for the day. The food was great both times and the service was friendly too. The ambiance isn't anything exciting but it works for breakfast. Expect a little higher prices than your normal breakfast joint but seems like everything on the strip is marked up like that so expected and not unusual. This place is located inside the mgm casino but once you go in you wouldn't know you were in a casino. I'd recommend this place for breakfast if you want a good solid meal. The wait can be a little long at least for breakfast. Get a free m life card and you get moved to the front of the line!!笑
Wanting to grab some breakfast food close by, my friends and I Yelped and found this place. We were excited that there were no lines - but we found out later that just meant this place was meh. The restaurant itself looks like a fancy diner, and I loved the big booths! Looking over the menu, there were a lot of items, but only a few that looked appetizing. All of the food were so pricey!

I ordered the hash, and it was the best dish out of all of my friends'. It had potatoes, sour cream, cheese, and bacon. Although it was the best dish out of everyone's, it was just mediocre. If I wanted hash, I'd just go to Hash House A Go Go next time. For more than $20 per person, I'd go elsewhere for breakfast food.笑
Avenue 24 should really change their name considering its no longer open 24 hours. I've been here quite a few times as its a easy, centrally located restaurant and I am a big fan of staying at the MGM. We were turned away at 12:15am on a Friday night with many events going on in the casino stating they were closed.笑
**2.5 Stars**

Extremely expensive for the quality of the food that was brought out. I ordered a chicken/avocado wrap and the lettuce was brown and the tomatoes were not at all ripe. It was good but it's what I would expect from a restaurant that serves food for a third of the price.
Very slow service- we waited a long time for our check and then again for the receipt.笑
So Avenue 24 is the MGM Grand's "Casual Cafe".  It was Thanksgiving Day, and I had planned on going to a buffet; however, apparently so did the entire tourist population of Las Vegas.  We tried the Wynn, Wicked Spoon, Rio, Studio M. All had waits of greater than 2.5 hours.  We even waited in line at the Rio for about 30 minutes, before we decided to give up our spot.

We were going to search off the strip; however, most things were closed.  We ended up back at our hotel, the MGM Grand.  We noticed that Avenue 24 wasn't that busy. We also noticed that you could order off the regular menu or do the Thanksgiving Pre-Fixe for just $26.00 per person.  We did the Thanksgiving meal, which we weren't expecting to be that good; however, it was EXCELLENT!!!

We started with a delicious bowl of Butternut Squash soup with some cinnamon sauce on top.  Then the main entree was a generous portion of good turkey with all the trimmings including stuffing, sweet potato casserole, green beans and cranberry sauce.  For dessert, we got some mini pumpkin pies.  

It was a great meal, and would definitely return based on this experience.  We also had a friendly server, who helped make the meal good.笑
Came back here after a year before hitting the pool during Labor Day weekend and apparently the quality has tanked since then.. I got a steak and salad, which ended up being a terrible cut that wasn't cooked all that great (almost  as if the beef was boiled).  Given the amount I paid, $23, I expected at minimum a decent steak. The service was slow which wasn't our waiters fault but it did make me think that overall this place has turned into a dump.笑
The decor here is really nice and no music blasting which was great for breakfast. Well that's about as good as it got. I had the 2 eggs and NY steak for $23 and that was a big mistake. The steak was too chewy but I should have expected that.笑
To begin, this is closer to a 2.5 instead of a 3, but we'll go for the average on this one. While staying at the MGM during CES, my husband and I went to this place twice out of pure convenience (ie, it was in the same hotel as the one we were staying at and it was easy to eat there and then get on the monorail to CES). We didn't go there twice because it was "so good" it was just easy LOL.

With that said, the first time we went it was just the 2 of us. I ordered Huevos Rancheros with scrambled eggs and my husband ordered Eggs Benedict. I was unimpressed. First of all the food took like 35 minutes to get to us and the service wasn't great. I was out of my drink frequently. Yes, they were busy, but still if I'm paying full price I expect the establishment to figure out how to get me served whether they're busy or not...just sayin'. It's not like they didn't know CES was this week and that Vegas wouldn't be ridiculously busy...scheduling people!

The skillet wasn't great. The eggs had not been cooked long enough and they were runny in spots...so I had to just skip that part (I don't do runny egg). My husband said the eggs benedict were average at best. 

The second time we went was because we were going home that morning and just wanted to make it easy and eat there. Our friends went with us this time as they had seen all the posters all over the casino with pictures of the red velvet pancakes. That's what they ordered and they said they were REALLY sweet for a breakfast and between the 2 of them, could not finish them. They also said the hash browns were very salty.

I ordered the blueberry nut pancakes this time and enjoyed them much more than the skillet. They were very good. My husband ordered the white chocolate berry french toast. While he enjoyed the meal, there was NO white chocolate anywhere to be found which was interesting since it was literally called "white chocolate french toast" LOL

The service was also better the second time. It still took a while to get the food, but our waitress was better.

Honestly, if I stayed at the MGM again, I might return just out of ease.笑
Nothing special. Pretty much the only other option for breakfast that is not an overly-priced all you can eat buffet with sub-par food.

They had pancakes that they rotate certain flavors each day. We went on Sunday so they were serving the pecan pancake but we passed. Both of us were craving eggs of some sort. I ended up going with the egg-white scramble. My husband got the California Omelette and it had super fresh avocado. My scramble was good. Portions for both meals were pretty small. But we filled up on the toast that comes with the meals.

The coffee was also served to us in our own coffee pot, which was nice to not have to wait for the waiter to come around to serve us the coffee...cause we needed a lot after Saturday night!

There was a line by the time we went around 1030 but we were seated very quickly. Would recommend if you want a nice breakfast that's not a buffet.笑
YUMMY!! best breakfast I've ever had out! the eggs benedict are to die for and the waffles with bacon inside were excellent too! the only thing i didnt care for was the bloody mary :(笑
I stayed at the MGM on my most recent trip to Vegas and naturally I wanted to find a place where I can enjoy a casual dining experience. Avenue Cafe provides such an experience. I ate here twice for lunch on my trip. This is strictly my opinion but their lunch menu did not have alot of things that seemed appetizing to me so both times I ordered the grilled cheese dip. Which is a grilled cheese sandwich with a tomato bisque soup for dipping.  Let's just say I ordered it both times because it was that good! The grilled cheese sandwich was great with lots of melted cheese. The tomato bisque was perfect. I am not normally a fan of tomato bisque but this was perfect. The tomato flavor was just right. Not at all overbearing. It was hot and creamy and made a perfect dip. I may make this myself in the future. The first time I was offered a choice between coleslaw and fries for a side and I chose the coleslaw. Opps, because it was flavorless. Nothing but chopped up cabbage and not much else. I took one bite and was done. Thank goodness the grilled cheese and the large dill pickle was enough. The second time around I was not offered a choice and ended up with the fries and since I am not a fan of fries anyways (I like very few place's fries) it was no surprise that when I tried these I was not impressed. But again the sandwich and the pickle are more than enough.

 The prices are typical Vegas in my eyes. Anything you get the price will be inflated in Vegas so my price standards for the Las Vegas Strip are different than most other places. For Vegas I thought the prices were reasonable. The portions are large so you do get some bang for your buck. 

Customer service both times were excellent. My first visit my server Jose was so sweet. He made me feel very welcome. He watched over me and I was well taken care of. i was alone so I sat in the bar area and was served there and he talked to me and made an effort to have a conversation. The second time I sat in the bar area as well and the waitress was very sweet as well. I cannot for the life of me remember her name but she was great. Both times I felt very welcome and each time I had what I needed. 

I enjoyed this restaurant and I will be back for the same dish next time I want some lunch in Vegas. Yes it was that good. My only real issues were the coleslaw and the fact that they are not open all day like I feel these cafes should be. They are open for breakfast and lunch only. I hear they used to be 24 hours and it is most unfortunate that they are not anymore. There needs to be more 24 hour places to eat in these casinos besides whats in the food courts.笑
The fries is good but the burger is not cuz the beef is no taste. It just likes u take the beef and cooked it without any salt and pepper. The bun I'd crunchy and good.
The services is good.friendly.
Kind of pricey for what I got. I expect something good for what I pay. It is not the amount but the quality not good笑
Ordered a carafe of "freshly" squeezed orange juice. It tasted like it was frozen. Definitely not fresh. The wait staff took its time getting to us. Very slow service. I got the avenue hash skillet. It was ok. I don't know if they did, it didn't taste like it, but I wish they actually cooked it in the skillet instead of just putting it in the skillet. Also, blt Bloody Mary. Not worth it. It's literally a Bloody Mary with lettuce, and three strips of maple flavored bacon that tasted like it was just sitting out. 

If you do eat here, we also ordered butter pecan pancakes. They were pretty good.笑
Paul was hilarious and awesome . Food was so good. I wish I knew her name, but the woman at the from was amazing (Elizabeth?) ....I was getting cranky with two people who cut me in the mlife line while she was one the phone...so even though I was being awful she got me seated and came by and apologized! So unnecessary, but such a wonderful sign of a real dedication to customer service. Would come back her for the food, but specifically for the wonderful properly that work here.笑
At the end of our Las Vegas vacation, the morning before the car trip back home, our merry band was hungry for breakfast.  The choice needed to be made whether to wander far from the hotel to a neighboring restaurant or find a diner inside the casino.  With time a factor and checking out with a carful of luggage still needing to be done, we decided to stay close to 'home' and we paraded down into the Avenue Cafe.

The staff is nice enough, the room itself is clean and well managed, as far as this review goes, the location and people are not the problem.  A quick look at the menu, however, begins to raise a few eyebrows as we made our order.

Already having a pretzel earlier, I opted for something simple and small, getting an Assorted Fruit Cup and a Green Machine smoothie to go with it.  The fruit cup, as noted, was small, maybe a bit more than half a handful of cantaloupe, pineapple, watermelon, and honeydew.  The fruit was sweet, fresh, with a nice texture, just a bit disappointing / underwhelming at a cost of $8.  The smoothie itself was Naked Juice brand; you can tell this, not just because of the taste, but also because it was named as such on the menu next to a $7 price tag.

That's right, Avenue Cafe sells a small glass of Green Machine Naked Juice for more than an entire two quart jug of it at the store.

My beloved had the USDA New York Strip & Eggs.  It was cooked nicely, with a nice grilling on both sides, but the meat itself was not the best of cuts as many bites were chewy with tendon and gristle.  She didn't care for the Whiskey Steak Sauce, using it sparingly before pushing it away.  Her eggs and hash browns were average, nothing too special, and by the end she proclaimed that her favorite part of her breakfast was the wheat toast.

Our son had the Steel-Cut Oatmeal.  It came with brown sugar, raisins, and a small jug of milk to help make it palatable.  After a healthy spoonful in the sugar, he ate about half of it, drinking a bit of the milk, and then eating all of his raisins.  Like most oatmeals, it came down to more of the doctoring up than anything else.

But, that leads me to my mother and her Eggs Benedict.  First, the eggs themselves were well cooked, poached nicely.  But, the muffin beneath was under toasted, sogging very easily.  Last, the ham between was small, a thin cut, and barely there as the Avenue Cafe tried to hide it all beneath two ladles too much of their hollandaise sauce.  All in all, the taste was slightly subpar and it was still a bad presentation of a proper Eggs Benedict.

Now, I know that most of these qualms, particularly in reference to pricing, can be written off as, "we're in Vegas!"  I understand that a small bottle of coke is going to cost $4 in a vending machine and you're going to expect higher prices than normal at any restaurant.  But, it doesn't change the fact that you should get some value for the cost.  When you're paying so much for the privilege of having someone pour a premade smoothie out of a bottle or to make a bad steak / eggs benedict, you either expect a cheaper cost to account for the quality of what you get or a little bit more effort in the technique or style.  You could also try passing it off as Thanksgiving morning and that none of the staff wants to be there, but then you have the trade off of people coming in for the special occasion of a family holiday and the ultimate disappointment is made all that much greater.

Whatever the excuse, breakfast sucked on a multitude of levels.  No, I'm not expecting a small cup of fruit to blow my mind, but it shouldn't piss me off either.  If I had much looser standards as for what constitutes a 1 Star of 5 Star review, this would definitely be on the bottom of the heap.  But, with that saved for the truly horrendous or places worthy of extreme mockery, this place ranks as a very low 2 Stars in my book.笑
This restaurant changed their hours. No longer serves dinner. I went last week to try it again but it's only open for breakfast and lunch. Looking at the more recent reviews looks like things are going down for this restaurant. Too bad...笑
Went here for a late breakfast.  It's nice that they serve breakfast 24x7.  I ordered a mixed scramble which was fine.  One friend ordered steak and eggs and he wasn't happy with the steak.  All and all ok, but expensive for breakfast.笑
We have been coming to Vegas for years and usually stay at the MGM. We don't gamble we eat our way around Las Vegas so I feel we have a pretty good take on restaurants on the strip. This has ALWAYS been 100% consistent. We have only eaten breakfast here and we know what we are going to get. The food is good the service is good the price is normal for the Strip. The atmosphere is fine. It isn't fine dining but again the food is good.笑
During a recent stay at MGM I decided on this to minimize the walking and it was a MyVegas reward so I assumed that would hold for something, but overall it failed just like hopes of hitting the big on in the casino.

Our waiter seemed to be very distant or possibly sampled the paraphernalia from the Vegas underworld. In his "defense" I did notice that the guy had more tables then he clearly could handle so I can't completely knock him. However he really didn't set much of a positive mood for the meal.

Foodwise I had blueberry almond pancakes which on paper sounded good, but down the hatch it was all snake eyes. I found the pancakes to be really dry and the blueberries were far from sweet. 

To say the very least I think the city should be noticed that this "Avenue" is in dire need of repairs.笑
Only reason I'm giving it 2 stars is because it was in the hotel besides that the food was horrible service was horrible I can't even really say much about it except it was in the hotel The corn beef and hash look like dog food was dry with no taste they threw some eggs over medium on top that were cold and gross won't go here again笑
Steak and eggs please...

quick service and the food came out quickly the steak was cooked perfect was nice and juicy..笑
For Saturday morning, my girlfriends and I went to Avenue 24 after much walking and deliberating. Avenue 24 is a large food place within MGM Grand - I think it's busy because no one is up before lunchtime if you're truly experiencing Vegas, or for those who are, are either nursing hangovers with pots of coffee or have been standing in line for the buffet since 7am. I personally would've liked to not eat and just drink coffee in the middle of the casino, but there are others who apparently need food to survive, so here is where we went. Mind you, we're all working on 5 hours sleep after bar hopping the night before. 

The food was okay - you got a lot for your money, though you'd better, the price you pay! I'm from Los Angeles - I'll pay $5 for a muffin, as long as it's good. This place...did our group well. A large booth in the back, plenty of juices, waters and coffee. Somewhat okay service, but it was before noon, so I imagine they're busy (though in my opinion, one should know that, so plan accordingly). I wouldn't go back here, on my own in the future. I don't do buffets either, so keep that in mind.笑
Had breakfast there, because I stayed in MGM Grand. It's actually nothing impressive, seated at the bar table because it was packed in the morning at MGM. It's actually below average food but pricy, I would recommend you to check out first in the morning then look for other restaurants because there are definitely more selections than having breakfast for $20+ and doesn't taste good at Avenue Cafe.笑
Went in not expecting too much, and if you do that, it's not bad, although still pricey.

We stopped in because we were late to watch one of the world cup games and needed to grab a quick breakfast. I got the two eggs breakfast and my wife got just two eggs. 

The food was decent: eggs were done ok, sausage was fine, toast was good. The hash browns, however, arrived in a sort of "brick" and were greasy and rather tasteless.  I presume they came frozen in that shape and had just been tossed in the deep fryer. Coffee was ok and they left the carafe.  

The one major negative I must mention is that I didn't realize how expensive the coffee was until we got the bill.  $3.95 per cup for coffee!  If I'm paying four dollars a cup for coffee, there had better be liquor in there.  I realized the rest of the meal was going to be pricey, but this was a bit much.笑
Stopped in for a business meeting. The mac-n-cheese (with cheese) was delicious and the service was excellent. Everyone else in the group enjoyed their meals as well.笑
NOTE: This is where the Studio Cafe once was ... but was remodelled and upgraded. 

We went to Avenue Cafe on NYE Morning, and there was a line.  But moved fairly quickly.  We were in the mood for a sit down breakfast, and so we were fairly limited in choices.

We had:
-  Omelette - Build your own - 4 out of 5
-  Hash with Poached Eggs - Was actually Pork with Chile Verde served in a large skillet!  (it was huge really)

Great service, friendly staff (once they saw we were friendly and not jerks).笑
A casual restaurant located inside the MGM Grand hotel. They offer breakfast, lunch and dinner. Came here for a quick grub around dinner time with El Hubby Cakes. It was close to where we were staying at (West Wing), and we were too tired to walk elsewhere. 

We had...
-half order of Thai Chicken Salad- DON'T order it! Although it came in a huge portion, it lacked flavor and over dressed which made the greens very soggy. The chicken was old. The texture of the meat was tough. 
-El hubby Cakes had the Mushroom burger with a side of fries. I had a bite and it was pretty good. Meat was moist and not too greasy. Should've gotten a burger instead of the nasty salad O_o.

The service was great and the decor looked a bit outdated. I noticed there were more people at the bar than dining area. 

We only go to Vegas once a year and we won't ever come back here.笑
newly remodeled cafe @ the MGM Grand. 
Menu selection is quite expensive considering what it offers. There's meatloaf dinners, pasta, burgers and your usual sandwiches. Unfortunately the quality of the food doesn't match the price point of the menu.

Avenue 24 used to be 24/7. But now it has changed the hours, which is unfortunate. This would be worth going to at 4am considering the lack of dining options @ MGM, but now that the 24/7 option is gone, your better off trying one of the many other exemplary restaurants @ MGM or the food court. 

This place can accommodate HUGE GROUPS.笑
My husband is a Mlife gold member and we still had to wait in the line for few minutes. No one acknowledged us until the manager came up and placed us right away at a table. At the table, service was exceptionally slow but the waitress was very nice. She arrived at our table almost 15 minutes later to get our drinks and noticed my husband's gold card. I ordered the watermelon juice and my husband ordered water. By that point the drinks arrived quicker than I anticipated. Our drinks did not come with ice. It was almost room temperature. Oh and the watermelon juice isn't that great. Would be much better it was had alcohol(which they do have one if you prefer) or with strawberries or something with a little more flavor. I looked around the room and noticed others had ice in their drinks. For lunch at 12:30pm the place was busy but not enough servers/waitresses. We placed our orders- a classic burger well done with fries and a pecan pancake special with fruits. Our food arrived almost 30 minutes later. It wasn't amazing. My burger was very dry. Needed ketchup and mayo. The fries were half done.  My husband's pancake was much better. It had raspberries and blackberries on top. Came with whipped butter, maple syrup and pecan spread. I was jealous but super hungry so i got ketchup and mayo (which I had to ask for) and ate my burger. Considering they only served breakfast and lunch I was hoping they would do a better job. Oh well. I was just glad after a 5 hour flight and being unable to go to our room since it wasn't ready yet, I was able to at least eat something.笑
Staying at the MGM Grand and was looking for a quick, easy spot to grab breakfast and saw this spot. Food here is definitely over priced, but it's Vegas prices for you. A typical breakfast will cost you a minimum of $17. Ordered the chilaquiles and boyfriend ordered the huevos rancheros. Surprisingly our food was pretty tasty given the over priced items. Wouldn't come back again because of the prices, but will admit the food was good. Chilaquiles had a good crunch covered in a red sauce with two eggs made your way. Huevos rancheros tasted very similar to the chilaquiles, but had black beans, bell peppers and onions. Both plates looked almost identical.笑
A family restaurant in the MGM with huge portions, great presentation and surprisingly decent good.

My 4 girlfriends and I came after going to Hakkasan, and it ended up being the highlight of our night! What we had: 

Massive glasses of water: we were thrilled!
Fries: seasoned and delish. Recommend!
Steak salad - Recommend!  (Well-seasoned steak, loads of avocado, tomato, onions and hefty bed of greens)
The Club: turkey/ham sandwich - filling, average ingredients

If at the MGM, I would definitely consider dining here again!

Tip: All meals are big enough to be shared; average price range: $16-24笑
I have only been here once and it was at 6:00 in the morning. Not too many people were eating here this early and I say... they are missing out on the awesome breakfast burrito!

The burrito came with sour cream, avocado and salsa! It consisted of potato, egg, and so many more things I can't really describe this fantastic burrito! You really would have to come here yourselves. 

The waitress was very nice and attentive. 

This is not a fancy place, low key and casual. A great place to grab a bite.笑
A greasy, gross mess.

I ordered the Avenue Dip - braised short rib, provolone cheese, French roll and peppered gravy for dipping.

It had a metric ton of cheese on it.  The sandwich started falling apart as soon as I picked it up.  And the gravy already had skin on it by the time it came to the table.

The fries were flavorless.

My girlfriend got an omelet and tipped her plate so at least six tablespoons of grease came running off into her napkin.

Despite the relative emptiness of the restaurant, our server was AWOL for most of our visit.

Avoid this dump at all costs.笑
Avenue 24 is conveniently located in the MGM Grand casino area.  It's centrally located spot in the hotel made it very convenient to "pre-game" and grab a few drinks and appetizers before heading out of the hotel.  I've only eaten at the bar, so I'm not sure what the actual restaurant was like but for the most part, I enjoyed the bar.  The bar has a couple of TVs, nice shelves and lighting that displays the drinks and a good view of the casino area.    

I have mixed feelings about the customer service because some of the bartenders were friendly and checked on us often.  Other bartenders seemed uptight and it was apparent they didn't enjoy their job.  Despite the service, they have pretty good happy hour specials and their nachos are yummy!  I'd return here for a couple of drinks and a quick bite to eat next time I'm at the MGM Grand.笑
One of the best things about MGM Grand's food offerings was this spot for breakfast. Without having to venture into the 100º + heat in the mid-morning hours, this was a convenient and quality breakfast. This was also the only restaurant besides the buffet that offered breakfast inside the hotel. Prices are $10+ and coffee is $5. Expect to spend $50+ for 2 to dine. 

We ate here twice for breakfast, as they are only open until 2pm. I think my favorite item was the hash browns! They were so different and flavorful. I appreciated the servers working with me by opting for no meat and substituting for hash browns. They offered a different daily pancake, which all sounded more like dessert. I tried the red velvet pancakes one day, which turned out to look more like mini cakes for breakfast. I could only eat one, but if you're down with dessert like items for breakfast this might be for you. I also built my own omelet on another trip which was very filling. Service was fast, and the wait to get a table is shorter earlier in the morning. For quality and convenience, this is your best bet if you're staying here.笑
Solid place to enjoy a very good breakfast. Got to eat at the bar as I was only a party of one. That moved me quickly through the line which saved me a lot of time so was very much appreciated. Service was spot on and just truly enjoyable breakfast.笑
Okay food and service. Tasted the Avenue burger- way too salty and tasted like a cooked frozen patty.  I had the BLT and it was good, LOTS of bacon though.笑
Ate here while I was at a conference just because I didn't want to leave outside of the MGM for food. For there to be such a line out the door... food was average. I'd say.. go elsewhere. And the service terrible. Slow waiters笑
I really like this place for a bite to eat.  There can be a 15-minute or so wait before getting to sit down.  If you're a gold M Life member you can bypass that.  I ordered the Monte Cristo sandwich and it was really tasty. It came with some avocado, side of fresh cut fruit and raspberry jam.  

The waiter was really attentive and had no complaints.笑
While staying in the MGM this was one of the very few options to have breakfast or lunch. We stopped in for breakfast and there was a line, however service was good and it moved fast. Our waiter was very friendly and made great suggestions from the menu and was comical. I didn't quite catch his name but he was a middle age asian guy. Great sense of humor. 

I decided on the Almond crusted, blueberry pancakes. This comes with bacon and sausage links. DISCLAIMER: these pancakes are HUGE. XXL big. They give a generous stack of 4. I never finished that. They were very moist and flavor.  I did not like the sausage or bacon. My friends ordered basic items like silver dollar pancakes, eggs and bacon. They were not impressed. Another friend ordered White Chocolate French Toast. She loved it. It was not your typical French toast. It was shaped like bars or a brick. Topped with a berry compote. 

Avenue has good coffee and super size Almond blueberry pancakes.笑
For the price, this is the worst food ever. Got pancakes, felt like I was eating out of a generic pancake box. For 16 dollars definitely not worth it. Waited 30 minutes for a too go box which I asked twice for. DO NOT EVER COME HERE笑
Chicken and waffles are amazing!!! Coffee was $5  but about par with all the casino restaurants. Service could use a lil improvement笑
Very convenient location, service was spot on, quickly seated, very efficient. Nothing to write home about, just good food. Pancakes, sausage, grilled Monte Cristo were all great... Absolutely no complaints!笑
Don't let the line scare you off...it goes quickly.  We ate here prior to the marathon. 

For starters...or waiter (Paul) was a blast.  He joked around and messed with us the entire time.  He made breakfast fun. 

Coffee was really good. So we're the blueberry pancakes. One of us had the bagel and salmon which was also really good.笑
What an unexpected find in a casino. Enjoyed the best egg white veggie scramble ever--and attentive service from Paul & Christine, and all. They work as a team, and your fresh meal arrives promptly. Thank you Team MGM!笑
Not busy yet it took over 40 minutes to get our food for a table of two.  Server was attentive and friendly when taking our orders but no follow up since.  No apology from the server when the food came and he knew it took too long too.  I ordered the Club House sandwich and the manager said the kitchen had made the wrong sandwich.  Excuse me?  How long does it take to make a freakin' sandwich?  The manager did adjust our bill and even though the explanation didn't sound right they were sincere in  their apology and that made you feel better when leaving the restaurant.   Hopefully this does not happen to the next customer.....笑
Opted for a breakfast place for brunch and saw this place while walking towards the lobby, skimmed the menu- looked pretty good so I walked in for a solo brunch meal on Christmas. Since it was a holiday, it was pretty busy. But not much wait for a table of one. :) I was seated right when I walked in.

FOOD:
Ordered a grilled chicken egg scrambler ($17.00) that came with sauteed vegetables including two types of squash, bell peppers, onions, mushrooms, and red skinned potatoes. I also ordered a cup of OJ ($5.00) to pair with the dish. On top was a grilled chicken breast. It also comes with your choice of bread as well. The sauteed vegetables were the highlight of the dish as the chicken was a little dry and the eggs a bit rubbery (but not something a few dash of hot sauce won't solve ;) ). The vegetables were deliciously seasoned to perfection and not too soggy, they were delectable!

SERVICE:
Very good service here with full smiles and bright attitude no matter how nonchalant a customer was especially on a holiday, these dedicated folks are still working!

Not the best place I've had in terms of breakfast, but decent enough!笑
Staying at the MGM hotel for the first time I was in dire need of a late night dining establishment. Avenue 24 did that and more.

Now, yes, this place is a bit pricey, but the food was great and the service excellent. I ordered the Brick Chicken, which was supposed to be half a chicken served with potatoes and vegetables. What I got was either a large Cornish game hen or a full small chicken. Either way it was incredibly juicy and flavorful. The fingerling potatoes were quite tasty as we're the green beans it was served with. I enjoyed the shrimp cocktail, but for the price, probably wouldn't order it again. Regardless, the food my dining partner and I consumed was hearty, tasty and satisfying. I would definitely return.笑
The kale salad with grilled salmon was surprisingly good. Salmon was grilled to perfection. Service was ok. I would come eat here again if I want a quick bite.笑
It is what it is. What was really crystallised for me on this my 5th trip to Las Vegas is you just have to surrender and spend the money because you really, truly cannot really be on the cheap. The portions were pretty big but I imagined kind of a mass produced assembly line in the kitchen. The food will keep you alive but it won't bring you joy.笑
My friend and I stopped into the Avenue Cafe for breakfast and mimosas, not expecting much. What a surprise, this place is GREAT. What makes it so great is the people that work there! Our bartenders were the NICEST people and their service was top notch! We didn't even want to leave when we did so of course visited again the next morning. I am guessing the reason the bartenders and servers were so nice is because the manager of the Avenue Cafe is the sweetest woman! I highly recommend checking out this often over looked restaurant!笑
Tried a late breakfast here and wasn't terribly impressed. Long wait to get in, long wait for food, and expected more for the price.

Servers were okay, and the decor is nice. Other than that, nothing specific to note.笑
Menu changed and service is way down. Many good entrees left the menu in the past year and prices went way up. Service quality is very amateur. I think this is now the training restaurant for new MGM restaurant staff or tertiary staff.笑
To me the biggest selling point of Avenue 24 is the fact that's open 24/7. After a long night out at Mandalay Bay, I was exhausted and hungry by the time I got back to the MGM Grand at 3am. This was the first place we saw in the casino that was still open, so we stopped in to refuel. 

At 3am, as you can imagine, it's pretty empty. Service was fine and the food was good enough. Be prepared to shell out some money, though, like all places on the Strip. If you're looking for some cheap eats, this is not the place for you. But for a quick meal at 3am, who cares! I paid $10 for a pretzel and $15 for some omelet thing for my partner. I didn't care.笑
In the MGM Casino appears clear as day from a lobby bar in the casino. Had breakfast with a colleague. Services was good and the breakfast was average.笑
early morning breakfast....inside mgm...casual bar & diner open quite early...browsing breakfast menu and wanting simple...avenue scramble and cup of coffee...self-serve thermal carafe of coffee provided...hot iron skillet of a meal served...dollop of sour cream on top...eggs and sausage mixed inside...bed of hash on the bottom...finding the eggs overcooked very hard and dry...overwhelming sweetness from the sausage...side of toast well toasted with choice of jams and honey...sip of coffee and eating sweet egg scramble...$27 after tax and tip...笑
Great for a hangover breakfast! 
The location is convenient being inside the MGM, next to all the slot machines 
Our waiter was super friendly and very helpful 
The portion sizes here are pretty big, I could hardly finish my food (but that's always beget than not having enough food)
even though we were stuffed we got the Cheesecake,and I regret nothing. IT WAS SO DELICIOUS
I'll be back here on my next Vegas trip after a heavy night out笑
Great service , good food

Came here while staying at the MGM

The Good; 
Try the skillets , 
incredible breakfast options 
The waiters and staff are attentive and friendly 

The Bad;
$$ for breakfast 

The turkey burger had stuffing on it, ruining the burger appeal. 
I complained about the turkey burger and was quickly given another option, which was greatly appreciated!

I would come back !笑
We had breakfast here before heading out.  Pretty much the only breakfast restaurant in the MGM Grand so there was a bit of a line and wait.  The food and service reminded me of a Dennys restaurant. Nothing bad but nothing spectacular either.笑
If you know me, I'm a brunch kind of guy. After a late and long night in Vegas, I was looking for a nice breakfast/brunch the next morning, but didn't want to go TOO hard on an all-you-can-eat buffet.

Staying at the MGM, I guess the natural choice is Avenue Cafe due to it's convenience (so that's a plus!). Nice casual, open air, brunch type atmosphere. Standard menu of scrambles, omelettes, pancakes, toast, orange juice, etc. Nothing special here, just what you'd expect from a basic brunch spot.

Our waiter was awesome: very peppy, upbeat, energetic, threw in a few jokes, quick to ask if we needed anything. I thought he was cool, but could also be seen as an annoyance if you're not feeling it in the morning/hungover.

Will I go back? ONLY if I'm staying at the MGM and semi-desperately hungry. The food was OK. Again: nothing special, nothing horrible. Hence the 3 stars.笑
After a late show at MGM, this will probably be one of your only options, and, one of the cheaper ones as well. They have some good comfort food options, as well as breakfast and lunch items (sandwiches, omelets, etc.). The portions are large and it's all tasty. It's a great place to cap off a good show and reminisce!