Passable. Egg roll was extremely greasy. Supposedly you have a choice of egg or spring roll but wasn't offered.  Cashew chicken was light on both, but plenty of veggies and fried rice for the money. Basically a takeout place with seating as an afterthought. Only beverages canned soft drinks. If you need a Chinese fix quick and inexpensive it'll do.Ǿ
One of my favorite Chinese take-out. It's a mom and pop shop. Not the cleanest but their food is what brings us back. 

My usual is their hot and sour soup, egg drop or their General Tso chicken. What I love about their General Tso chicken is the fact that the chicken is chopped to bite size. 

Their egg rolls is on the greasy side. Their lunch menu is a great deal as well as their offers depending on how much you spend. (Although, these deals are offered if you pay in cash.) 

We usually order from them for party platters. Their prices are better than others. I cannot recall when we started coming here but it's been years and they manage to remember us even if we haven't stopped by in months. 

Restrooms are co, so don't expect it to be the cleanest bathroom you've ever used.Ǿ
Ordered General Chicken and Shrimp.  Food tasted good.  Set up like any other Chinese restaurant nothing different.  Will come back when have urge for Chinese food.  Came to $20.30 for General Chicken and Shrimp.  Were a handful of people waiting so food must be good all around.Ǿ
The food is pretty good in flavor but it's not the cleanest in there. 

My first visit I was pretty satisfied a little on the greasy side but it's Chinese food what else would I expect. But today I was completely disgusted. I went with the Wanton soup because it's so cold and dreary out. Got home and about 5 bites in I notice HAIR in my soup... 2 strands of black hair and a little ball of what looked like lint, fuzz, and hair. DISGUSTING!!!!!!!!! Needless to say the rest of the soup went in the trash. I won't be returning to Chin Chin. And my advice to anyone that does go there is to examine your food first.Ǿ
Spend a few more bucks and go eat something with more quality. I got bourbon chicken and the chicken felt like lit was weeks old.
Never coming backǾ
Not very many stars here...not too sure why, I've never had a bad experience with any carry out items.  I've been coming here on & off for several years and have always had pretty decent food.  This being said, I almost always only get hot & sour soup without chicken OR plain lo mein w/ water chestnuts.  Kind of hard to mess that up. 

I have never dined in.  The lady behind the counter has been there every day for years.  She's always really nice and starts a conversation.  The food is ready quickly.  Prices are decent as well.