Legit Mexican food in University Circle. I'm so happy that they're here!

I'm a fan of their W 117th restaurant, and I will definitely support their business here. Luchita's Express is "assembly line" style like Qdoba or Chipotle, but this is a little more authentic. They serve burrito mojados w/ mole, which is one of my favorites. All of their burritos are under $6 (before tax), so it's a great deal too.

They use all organic & local OHIO products and the owners are great people. Let's keep them in business, and let's support the local business owners in University Circle!Ǿ
Luchita's Express is University Circle's latest addition. The menu and location are very similar to Qdoba, but that is where the similarities end. Luchita's uses only organic locally grown ingredients and you can definitely taste that in the food.  It tastes very fresh and healthy. They have the usual fare, Burritos, Quesadillas, and Tacos.  I have only tried their burritos, but they are very good.  Much much better than Qdoba.  With better quality ingredients and better taste than Qdoba, you'd think that Luchita's would be more expensive, right? Amazingly, wrong.  Luchita's is CHEAPER than Qdoba.  Definitely give this place a try!Ǿ
I was very satisfied with my pork burrito. It was worth the drive down Euclid. Many times I feel bloated and incapacitated after eating a big burrito, I did not after this one. My friend ordered the chicken burrito and said it was good. I plan on going back in the near future.Ǿ
Best burrito in Cleveland. Usually order a pork burrito mojado with mole. Real flavors. Attentive and thorough service. Mexican coke. Word...Ǿ
Burritos as good as they are in San Diego!  I can only speak to the vegetarian burrito, but I am there at least once a week.  Friendly staff and excellent food.  The only thing that would make them truly "San Diego" would be if you could get fries inside the wrap.Ǿ
Ok so no 5 stars, still.  I even contemplated dropping one :(

I still ove this place and would DEFINITELY still go there before Chipotle or Qdoba, but there is one issue that I've found.  The service. 

The first time I was there, there was a bit of confusion, but I let it slide because the place was brand spanking new.  Now, with a few months under their belts, I expected there to be an improvement. Everything was fine til I got to the register and confusion prevailed. 

I'm not holding this against them, but sometimes it's nice to have efficient service, especially at a "build your own __(burrito, sandwich, etc) bar", when people tend to get pushy. 

All in all, I'll still return :)Ǿ
Luchita's was great while ie lasted, but they are now CLOSED! I much preferred them to the Chipotle across the street, but this location has closed (though I'm not sure why).