Amazing and guilt-free! I am addicted to the berry acai bowl with granola topping. It tastes like a sorbet, slushy combination and is perfectly filling. I've started getting more then one and taking them home to freeze for later. I haven't tried the state-of-the-art infrared sauna but it looks so inviting, not to mention therapeutic. 
I highly recommend this place!Ǿ
Love this place! I come here at least once, sometimes twice a week after my workouts. I get the Paleo wrapped, vegan tuna (they use a collard greens leaf to wrap it up). This wrap is always on point!  The smoothies two are amazing and you can watch them make the smoothie in front of you seeing that they do use whole fruits in them. 

The Jun Kombucha is good too. If you find regular Kombucha too strong this is a good alternative. 

The people that work here are amazing. Really friend and some of them goofy in a good way :) 

Anyways, if you need a healthy alternative try this place out!Ǿ
Tried this place because of Yelp and I totes agree with the five star rating.  Very helpful and friendly to a first timer and the smoothie and muffin were delicious! I will def be back even though it is out of the way.Ǿ
Here's why I'm a fan of the Spirit bar. 
A year ago, a week before I go on a 10 day vacation my entire house hold comes down with some type of cold. Crap. I head down to this place and he hooked me up with an immunity booster and wheat grass shots.  The booster had ginger, acai berries, cheyenne pepper and some other things in it.  He gave me instructions as I drank it.  Drink 1/4 of the glass then wait an hour, repeat until it's gone. There's a lot of stuff in this drink your body needs to absorb.
Needless to say, I did not catch the house hold cold. 
As of 2016, I have not had a cold or any type of flu in over 4 years. My time ran out, 2 days into my cold I head down and they set me up with the same remedy. It cut my symptoms in half by the next day. 
Im not saying they are some type of voodoo dr or anything, but they know their stuff. Before I start shoving cold remedy's from Walgreens in my systems, I will stop here first and do this. I think it works for me. Either that or I have some superior gene's that I don't know about. 
Thank you Spirit bar.Ǿ
Wow. .just had their tuna wrap...really delicious and healthy. They also gave me some lemon water that was delicious and hydrating.  They provide holistic services and also sell an array of healthy  products..cant wait to go back and try the smoothies..thumbs up on this lil gemǾ
These guys will go above and beyond to make you happy, the service is very friendly... They created a couple of custom smoothies with ingredients I wanted, all natural good quality ingredients.  We are hooked with the spirit wrap, healthy and tasty, you better try it.Ǿ
I needed to replenish my vehicle of expression after doing yoga, so I drove around and found this place on yelp.  I wanted to get back into yoga so that I can release all my unwanted energies. But for me to succeed in my yoga practice,  I must also fuel my body with the proper nutrients. Not only do they offer organic vegan bowls, smoothies, and drinks, they also offer other healing modalities like Reiki. They also have an infrared therapeutic room in the back which I highly recommend. The owner was more than gracious enough to allow me to try it complimentary, and now I am hooked!  I will surely come back here to get a sauna treatment again since my gym does not have it.
Namaste. Sat NamǾ
I DIDN'T KNOW HEALTHY VEGAN FOOD COULD BE SO DELICIOUS!!!! This place knows how to do healthy right. I love to eat, and it's nice to know I can eat healthy and still enjoy my food. Awesome smoothies  (I've tried several, and one is better than the next) delicious wraps... Spirit Wrap is my new fave, replacing the vegan tuna, which is now a VERY close second place... Pitaya bowl: I never knew what it was but it is DELICIOUS, and so is the ACAI bowl. Been eating only their food as a test, for the past week and I feel great! I did the Nutritional testing which ... i dont know how it works, but is accurate! confirmed what my doc said... And the infrared sauna!!!! : TRY IT, YOU'LL LOVE IT!! ( just bring a towel with you). I dont want to leave! Oh..and  I almost forgot:  there's FREE WiFi!!!Ǿ
Love this place been coming here for a while and its my go to. The smoothies are great too i have tried most of them. The staff is friendly they may be a little slow at times but thats how you know that they are doing it right.Ǿ
My friend and I tried out the Spirit Bar for the first time recently and had an awesome experience. Nice employees and delicious smoothies! We went back and tried out their food, needless to say it was fresh, wholesome and tasty! I would recommend to anyone looking for a new smoothie joint/healthy eatery :)Ǿ
The food here is amazing!!!
The healthy shakes rock and I have yet to taste anything that wasn't awesome.
I am headed for the infared sauna asap!!!Ǿ
Went in and was ignored pretty much. If they have more than 1 customer prepare to wait god knows how long. Ended up walking out because i waited 15 minutes for the start of the persons smoothie ahead of me. I had my daughter with me. Not inviting at all. Nice place but awful service. Will not return.Ǿ
Wasn't impressed by this place especially reading all of the good review. they do seem to sell a great selection of third party products but their smoothies and food was just ok. I have had better elsewhere.Ǿ
Very very awesome place. Their vegan (and gluten-free) Apple & Chocolate Chip Muffins are REALLY good...I think that I've had at least 3 this week lol. They also have Kombucha (also from a local distributor)  on tap!! The staff is really nice and knowledgeable too.Ǿ
Excellent. The dragonfruit bowls my wife and I had were excellent, healthy and organic. The owner and employees are extremely knowledgeable about the good they are selling as well. Also they sell a kombucha by the bottle or on tap that is the best I've ever.  is made in Sedona which is organic and local. I was told about yoga classes they have on the green belt next to the store that in interested in checking out with my wife. Overall the Spirit Bar is a great addition to my regular spots for organic, healthy and local fare.Ǿ
I can not rate this place high enough! 5 stars just doesn't do it! Not only was our food INCREDIBLE! But the people working here were top notch. They took time to come sit down by us and talk us through nutrition and how to take care of our bodies. We ended up staying way longer than we expected because we were having such a great time with the owners. Thank you Spirit Bar for great food, advice and company.Ǿ
Some time ago, I heard they did nutritional testing so I emailed them to ask how they did it. They wrote back and said, "too much to type. Just come in and ask someone". 
Very strange to not take the time to explain to a potential customer, a service that costs $150. You'd think they would care. 
This rubbed me the wrong way for a very long time, but yesterday was fathers day and I was gonna grab my hubs a smoothie and Spirit Bar was right there, so I figured what the heck.
Oh jeeeez how does this place stay in business? I don't know why everyone talks about the "vibe" in here. Amidst the supplements for sale, you'll find a filthy couch and a tv that plays some kind of trippy images. 
We ordered the blueberry muffin smoothie and a dragonfruit smoothie. The slowest man alive then got out a binder which I assume contained the recipe/instructions, and proceeded to take close to 10 minutes to make one smoothie. My son tastes it and tells me it is horrible. I figure I will drink just about anything, so I will take that one. I taste it and tell him I agree, it is horrible. Chalky, with an artificial sweetener type aftertaste. We stand there, discussing how truly bad this smoothie is, while the dude busts out his binder to get to work on the next one. After studying whatever is in this magic binder for what seems like an eternity, my son and I decide that it must be the protein powder that tastes so bad. 
Protein powder?!!! Did someone say protein powder??? Dude runs over, grabs a few bags of this damn powder, and launches into a sales pitch. I was getting really mad now, because its been 20 minutes, this guy is NOT listening to me, my kid is about to have a seizure from the tv screen, and the guy behind the counter is just slow in every sense of the word. I'm starting to get anxious now, because I just wanna get home and my child is turning green. Dude puts down his binder, goes to the back, and comes out with a banana. Sits down and picks up the binder again. Reads for a few minutes, gets up, takes the banana back to wherever he came from, goes back to sit down and read binder, goes back to kitchen, returns with half a banana. Alllllriggty then, I'm out. I said Im gonna just stop you there, dude, before I wait another half hour for another chalky smoothie. I honestly don't even know if I paid them. 
I should have just stuck to my original plan to never go there after the original email incident. I would not be surprised at all if the lazy email responder was the same guy who was working yesterday.
Fool me twice, I guess....Ǿ
great place,  very friendly and helpful staff ...delicious way to fuel up post workout with their protein acai bowl, portions are perfect! I was so full I didn't need dinner.... has really cute out door sitting with a view to the lakeǾ
Finally a healthy alternative in the Chandler/Gilbert area. 
Great smoothies and guilt free treats. Staff is knowledgeable and friendly. 
If you have those aches and pains, the infrared sauna is AMAZING!

Love this place!!!Ǿ
Great little place! Very in tune with current vegan / health and wellness. Acai bowl was great and spelt muffin was deliciousǾ
Absolutely love this place for fresh, clean, organic, vegan, 
gluten free & so many healthy options. 
( also a nutrition & wellness center )
Delicious smoothies! Delightful staff! Excellent, quality ingredients!
Always a positive experience!
Thanks Spirit Bar ~ for all that you bring to the healthy living community in Gilbert.Ǿ
Absolutely delicious bowls and smoothies served up by kind-hearted staff. I'm proud to have this place in my neighborhood and community.Ǿ
First timer and cool experience. Also sell supplements so not just smoothies.    the employees are super nice and chill.   They also do health testing.  So pretty neat. Also good looking employees.Ǿ
I have been going to the Spirit Bar for about 2 years now and this is "hand down" the best raw organic vegan place!! Their vegan menu is endless and everything is honestly amazing!! I normally always get the Vegan Tuna Wrap and it's the BEST!! Their customer service is wonderful always making sure I love what I get and if I don't they always ask how to fix it! I also love using their sauna is a such a great way to start the day or after a work out,then when your done you can get a juice or smoothie and even something super health to eat!! I would never pass this place up!! I love the Spirit Bar and the Energy there!! Good Vibes Grow There!!Ǿ
I just returned from here and I am delighted at how wonderful the food is! The two employees in there were very polite and professional and answered my questions pertaining to favorite smoothies/meals etc. in a cheerful manner. I ended up purchasing the Tuna Wrap (as reading another Yelp review inspired me) for $5.49, the Post-Workout Ultra Recovery Shake for $6.95, a 12 oz mint, lemon, cucumber, lettuce and kale juice for $5.49 and a Dragon-fruit muffin for $3.49. What excellent pricing for organic and vegan products! As we all know, most establishments typically charge an exorbitant price for the same thing of similar quality, but not this newly opened joint off of Cooper and Warner. I highly recommend trying this place because who doesn't enjoy healthy food for a reasonable price? On a side note, this is not a restaurant, but essentially a healthy "stop" which mainly provides juices/acai bowls/pitaya/shakes and 6 lunch items with a muffin tray in the display case. Other than that, there are protein supplements, aloe vera, beepollen and propolis and other vitamins and such. Give it a try! I'll certainly return.Ǿ
Let me start by saying I have no experience with health and eating right, but I left happy and enlightened. Their offerings of help and wellness inspire me to be better to my self. This may be my new habit.Ǿ
I really like this place . One the food is affordable for health food and I really love their wraps that they make . My favorite wrap is probably the tuna and spirit wrap . The 12 ounce smoothies are only 3.99. The service is pretty good and I'm surprised this place isn't as popular .Ǿ
I was totally impressed by the food! It was my first time at the Spirit Bar and I was greeted so warmly. I ordered the vegan grilled cheese and added avocado on a spinach wrap. It was delicious and I'm not even vegan! In addition, the vegan chocolate and truffles were absolutely amazing! To top it off I had a black berry and minus kombucha beverage! Totally pleased and will be back!Ǿ
You can find kombucha on tap. I got the 16 oz kombucha so it came with a blue bottle that you have to fill up. There were two flavora available, i got the cilantro ginger local kombuchaǾ
I stopped in 15 minutes before close and found the place was still filled with vibrant energy! A couple of people were selling artwork and hand-made wire wrapped jewelry. I got a an organic coconut water and a vegan cheesecake for dessert and it was outstanding. I love happy people doing what excites them.Ǿ
Came here today for another acai bowl and was not disappointed. This place deserves more yelp reviews so I suggest you go to restaurant.com and get a certificate for this place to give it a try.  I have no doubt you will be back  As usual the food was good and freshly prepared.  The service was friendly and informative.  We also took home 2 patiya or dragon fruit bowls.  I have never had this fruit before but look forward to eating it tomorrow morning.  This place is more than just a great place for bowls, smoothies and other nutritious food; it is also a wellness center which in my opinion tells me that the proprietor is conscious about the food her serves.Ǿ
My first time coming to Spirit Bar was last week. 3 individuals were behind the counter. 2 women. 1 man. No one greeted me. Until I stood, read the menu above my head, and asked for assistance, noone spoke a word to me. They didn't even speak to each other. The energy in this place was DEPRESSING! They seemed unhappy. I smiled and asked one woman if she would like me to pay while the other woman made my smoothie as she was standing at the register. She never looked up at me and said, "Not yet". She and the man exchanged a few words and then he disappeared in the back. I literally thought I was being punked. This place promotes wellness. It was very unimpressive and in my opinion the vibe in that place was anything but well. Ill never return. 

Positive note, the smoothie was decent.Ǿ
Wow! This is amazing food! The staff is very knowledgeable about health and the tuna wrap is amazing.Ǿ
Best place ever!! Food is always on point. Dragon fruit muffins and cookies are a must try. Trust me you will want to stock up on those. Staff is beyond amazing. They have extensive knowledge on all the products and remedies they offer and always go the extra mile to provide for each individual's needs. My skin was breaking out awhile ago and everything my dermatologist was recommending from pills to topical treatments and facials was not helping my skin clear. Here, I was simply recommended the free-liver detox and green superfoods smoothie mix (both are derived from natural ingredients so you know exactly what you are putting in your system) to help with my dilemma. Within the span of a couple days I noticed, and I cannot stress this enough, a significant change in my skin. Not only was it clearing up, but even began to glow. My overall feeling has changed for the better as well. To say I highly recommend this place is an understatement. Whether you are looking to treat an ailment through natural means or just looking for great food, this is the place to come.