Food was good. Prices were fine. Service was fast and friendly. Restaurant was clean and pleasant. Will visit again.笑
XLB in the hizzy! This place is clean and humble. Plus, our server was attentive and friendly. We were having difficulty narrowing down what to order; when the server suggested the xiao long bao as the way to go, we didn't hesitate and ordered it right away. 

The XLB (Xiao Long Bao/ Shanghai soup dumplings) $6.95 weren't too shabby. I've certainly had better, but I also have no other place that I can compare it to in Vegas. Although they were a tad bit bland for my personal taste, there was plenty of warm broth in each dumpling. You need to make sure to eat the dumplings with the provided black vinegar ginger sauce - it compliments and helps season it up substantially. Flavor rating: 3/5

We also tried the chili oil & peanut butter cold noodles $6.95. It's a big heaping bowl of spaghetti type noodles topped with minced beef in a thick chili peanut oil sauce. I honestly felt that the menu description was a little misleading - there is nothing peanut buttery about the noodles? Plus I couldn't taste peanut butter or sesame ingredients for the life of me. I suppose the dish wasn't terrible after we doused it with soy sauce, more vinegar sauce, and chili oil to wake it up. Flavor rating: 2/5

If XLB is what you're hankering for, I would suggest giving this place a try; you may find them to be satisfying.笑
A small, clean, and humble place where no one speaks English. But who cares when the Xiao Long Bao is p.e.r.f.e.c.t. Wrapper is thick enough to hold in the soup but still thin and not chewy. Meat inside has great flavor and soup is abundant. Make sure to eat with vinegar and fresh ginger which they will provide on the side. I have been to China Mama, Bund Shanghai, Three Villages (closed) and 1900 Asian Cuisine (closed) and this place is the best by far! This review is only for the XLB.笑
Simply, some of the best Chinese food in Las Vegas. And the prices are very reasonable. 

This is authentic Chinese food: Menu in mandarin? Check. Restaurant packed with local Chinese folks looking for a taste of the mother country? Uh huh. DHS human trafficking surveillance van in parking lot across the street? Yup! (Just kidding!!)

The kids love to have "exotic food", and they devoured this stuff. We tried the fish in tasty sauce as a main dish ($19). It came out in a huge bowl and was on top of a pile of veggies & garlic. I was nervous at first because of all the garlic, but the sauce was the perfect balance of spice and flavor. 

We also had fried rice and a crispy noodle with seafood medley. Definitely going back to this place. Please check them out.笑
We heard of the XLBs here from Tony's review, but alas they had none. We've heard from other friends of them not having any so perhaps it's something they make only a certain time, so calling may be a good idea. 

Me and my friends decided to do family dinner, but left ordering up to the only one of us that spoke the language to pick and order up for us so excuse that I don't have the official menu description/name for everything.

We started with steam buns that had small crispy shrimp, leek and dried tofu to fill it with. This had good flavor and I enjoyed the bitty shrimp in it. 

Edamame, mustard greens and pork - I've had this dish at other places and this was pretty standard, but good. I thought it was decently prepared. 

Rice cakes with greens - I love rice cakes and this is one of my favorite, basic ways of preparing it because of my brother and I ordering it often before. 

Steamed fish special on their wall - it was fresh fish in a simple soy and sesame sauce with ginger and cilantro on top. 

Green onion pancake - theirs was just OK. It was a bit dense and didnt have those flaky layers in between, just crispness from the outside. There are better places for this dish. 

Steam dumplings - these were pretty decent, though the wrapper of mine fell apart so maybe needed less time steaming. 

Beef pancake roll - this was pretty good. I havent had one in Vegas yet so I can't compare elsewhere, but I liked it.

We got a pitcher of carrot juice to drink. 

The service was just okay. I'm worried about a language barrier perhaps as they were speaking Chinese to a friend that didn't speak it.

The food was good and they had a large menu full of stuff that sounded intriguing that warrants a return. I'm not really a expert in Shanghainese cuisine at all, but everything was pretty good and reminded me of growing up with my half siblings who are Chinese.笑
A newcomer to the Spring Mountain scene, I'm glad Shanghainese cuisine is starting to make itself known to the Vegas Asian food scene joining the ranks of Bund Shanghai, Edamame, and 1900 Asian Cuisine.

With my father's side being of Shanghainese ancestry, perhaps it is somewhat of a birthright for me to evaluate the quality of such aforementioned cuisine. Having sampled all the other restaurants except for Edamame, I can say that A&K is the best of the bunch, but I wish the others well since competition will only push and sustain the quality of offerings all around.  

A little primer on Shanghainese cuisine:  the flavors tend to involve dishes enhanced with salted meats/preserved vegetables, often blending sweet with savory, lots of seafood (being close to the sea), and all kinds of wondrous carbalicious concoctions involving dumplings baked/fried/steamed, savory rice cakes, thick pan-fried noodles, and buns filled with meat/chinese veggies.

Xiao long bao (soup dumplings) and sheng jian bao (pan-fried pork buns) are popular staple items that are fun to share in groups dipped in some vinegar and ginger so be sure to try these if they are available on the menu.  If you've been spoiled by places in Taiwan or LA/Vancouver, it may not be up to par, but it definitely satisfies the craving.  

The sweet and sour spare ribs are just like my mother's recipe, a delicate balance between soy sauce, rice wine, rice vinegar, and sugar glazed and crisped to perfection around wok charred spare ribs meant to be enjoyed immediately to retain the fragrance off of the wok.  Don't even dare mistaking this dish's namesake with the Panda Express concoction with the toxic red sauce and deep-fried styrofoam coating in their sweet and sour dishes, this is the real deal!

The dungeness crab served with rice cakes was the real show stopper (see photo).  Fresh crab coated with a wondrous trinity of ginger/garlic/scallion is delicious enough on its own, but add a bed of glutinous pan-fried rice cakes with chili paste, and one's tastebuds are transported to Shanghai Shangri-la.  If you're feeling less spendy and indulgent, the rice cakes with pickled cabbage or chinese spinach is a good alternative.

There was a soup dish on the menu whose name I can't recall that contained salted pork, chinese squash, and thin squares of scrambled egg with a frittata-like consistency, that provided a nice contrast to the typical bold dishes described above with delicate flavors and velvety textures, so if you see something close to that description, it is a nice intermission between the fireworks of flavor noted above.

Some dishes that missed the mark were the salted pork soup with tofu skins (a bit too salty) and the fried yellow fish with pickled vegetables (great flavor but the wet ingredients negated the crispy coating on the fish).

All in all, a solid addition to the neighborhood with tasty Shanghainese dishes that won't leave you feeling Shanghai-ed.

Pro-tip:  They have fresh pressed juices (most including carrot) that are on the house if your food bill exceeds a specific threshold (somewhere in the 30s I think), providing a nice palate cleanser post-dinner.笑
Wonderful Shanghainese dishes! A must try in Vegas! Shiao Long Bao 小龙包 is the best. Even better than Ding Tai Fong.  The appetizer drunken chicken is very tasty and tender. Many authentic dishes to choose from.笑
This new Shanghai/Taiwanese style restaurant  is definitely authentic. The food is done without a heavy hand. In cmparison with Bund, China Mama, Y. M. Taiwan Deli, this is superior. The wait staff is very attentive and not hovering. The Green Onion Pancake is done properly with multiple layers and not greasy. The Pork/cabbage buns have good fillings and the bread is a little on the dense side, but good. The XLB's are juicy and tasty. The beef roll is good  and not greasy from frying. The stir fry Chinese New Year rice cake has a good mix of vegetables and proper amount of shredded pork. It is not done with a heavy sauce. Finally, the prices are very appropriate. Their dinner menu and daily specials look good but I have not yet tried anything on this occasion. Will return for that. I recommend this place.笑
One of my favorites. Great customer service and appears to be clean. 

Last time we came here they gave us complimentary carrot juice because we spent a certain amount. 

Food isn't too salty nor too oily. 

Xiao Long Bao (Soup Dumplings), cabbage & pork meat in bao, and beef & noodle soup.笑
If their Shanghai Xiao Long Bao 小籠包 is the only item on their menu, I would still be dropping by this latest Chinese restaurant to open up in Las Vegas's greater Chinatown area. Now before you all go crazy and question why it is only getting 4 and not 5 stars on Yelp, let me explain.

It is good, not the best I've ever had, but I enjoyed it. In fact, after my unplanned XLB crawl of the 2 newest restaurants that serve it to open up on the west side, I can say A & K Chinese Restaurant (aka Heng Long Chinese Restaurant, if going by their name on the credit card receipt) was the clear winner of the head-to-head XLB CHALLENGE over Edamame Restaurant on Wednesday, May 7th, 2014.  

You don't have to take my word for it though. What I think is "good" could be "that is the worst, flavorless blah blah I have ever had!"  (Funny random thought: what if water is being judged right now?)

Anyway, seems like we are blessed with more and more XLB options in Las Vegas, which means to make it, the chefs all have to up their games. Translation: consumers are the winner. Yay!

I also had their Three Treasures Dumpling 三鮮水餃 (12pcs) per order and it was pretty good too. The fact they hand make these is just wonderful.

On my first visit I also tried their Pan Fried Pork Bun 生煎包 (8 pcs) $7.95. If you go by yourself, this item alone will be enough to send you home with a full belly. It was just okay, the doughy bun on the outside is thinker than what I have had in Taiwan (which was THE BEST 生煎包 at that busy night market), so maybe not fair comparison.

Beef Pancake Roll 牛肉卷餅 $7.95. Decent. There are better ones I have had within a 2 mile radius.

Hot Purple Sweet Potato Juice 紫薯汁, small $2.25. It was an experience to try this. It is basically purple sweet potato drink, not really sweet, but a creamy dessert alternative beverage.

Service overall was good.  I happened to have been there when they were not busy, so that might have helped too. Plus I can speak enough Mandarin Chinese to get by in restaurants, so that certainly helped.

Decor/Ambiance was pleasant. Music playing in the background was not Chinese, but instrumentals of popular American songs, which you probably wouldn't even pay attention to unless you focus on it.

Price/Value: I think it was good overall. 

Note: this is NOT your typical Chinese takeout restaurants. I must admit I am not familiar with most of their menu offerings, because I am not at all an expert on Shanghainese cuisine. But they also described their cuisine as 新派江浙 (New style of Jiangsu and Zhejiang - per Google Translate, which is still like Hexcodes to me). But come for their XLB, and if you are adventurous enough, you can explore their other menu items.

Expect an UYE for Xiao Long Bao 小籠包 crawl and another one to just explore this restaurant's menu (yeah, I am definitely gonna need backup).

Bonus: Love that American Express is accepted along with other forms of credit card payments.  :)

Review #23 of 2014笑
This is an excellent authentic Chinese restaurant. I stopped by and asked the waitress what she recommends without really looking at the menu.  She suggested a beef soup that included lots of beef (with tendons), radishes, hot peppers, and sour vegetables. It is a really good choice if you are into a unique soup that is both spicy and sour.

The service was excellent - the waitress was friendly and good about refilling my water.  The owner came out from the kitchen to ask about how I liked my food and chat with me.  This restaurant is outside of the main Chinatown area so it is likely to not be as crowded as some of the other Chinese restaurants.