Never sure what to expect when I'm in a new town and hear about barbecue. Having lived in Texas, we have our own ideas. This place was recommended by a local as Texas-style barbecue and so I went and had a taste. I thought some ribs and brisket might give me a good idea about what's on offer.  I never bother with sides. I was served in about 23 minutes. Not sure if this was normal or not but it seemed like a long time.  The meat looked dry and to appearance was not relaxed, moist or glistening. It was all particularly lacking in aroma. This concerned me. My brisket wasn't even cut right - sort of into the grain - and it was sloppy and harder to eat. Definitely not the kind of barbecue you pull apart with a plastic fork. No visible smoke ring but a lot of bark. Too high a temperature?  The meat tasted a bit like I then expected -- dry, tough, soft tissue was in tact, and notably only lightly seasoned. It was so disappointing I packed it up and threw it away. Most of my friends will cook far better barbecue in their backyard.  Maybe it was an off night? But this was so far off base that it's hard to imagine this being right.笑
GOING ON!!!!! All the tips were soft juicy AND edible!! unlike 60% of my experience at lil porgys Half of it gets thrown out as it is OVERCOOKED!! I quit going it was getting so bad!

Had the tips and the chipotle mac and cheese, it ROCKED!!!笑
Food is fine, but just overheard the owner tell a customer, and I quote "I hate the way you fucking order." When the customer, who had ordered their food in a normal manner, asked how the owner could say that to him the owner continued to be belligerent. He said the customer "ordered like an idiot". I've never seen anything like it and I'll never go back there again. Incredibly rude.笑
I'm a sucker for pulled chicken and wanted to love this place.  While I prefer white meat pulled chicken, I've come around to the fact that most places use dark meat.  BoBo's is no exception.  But the dark meat was tasty.  Moist, cooked well.  Unfortunately there was a bone in my sandwich and some gummy joint meat.  I know bones happen occasionally, but the place was dead when I got there, so there was no excuse.  And if a place is going to have pulled chicken, they should use chewable pieces and make sure not to include any of the nasty joint stuff that doesn't chew.  Yuck.

The fries were good, well salted, fresh cut, the right amount.  And the sauces were enjoyable.  I had the hot, mild, and chipotle peach.  All were delicious in different ways.  

I won't write this place off just yet, but I will NOT be getting the chicken again.  I'll stick to beef (no pork as I don't eat pig products).

The service was great, though.  Very friendly, and the cashier alerted me to a great deal they have.笑
Went in today with a client, we decided to try it because the sign said "put some south in your mouth" .  Well my family is from Tennessee, and they have that nasty red clay there, I think it is better than the brisket.  The brisket wasn't even warm, had no smoke ring to speak of, and was very, very, very fatty.  We all know when you eat something greasy you get that oil slick feeling on the roof of your mouth, I couldn't get it off for an hour.  The cole slaw was really good, red beans and rice were like soup.  They have 8 different sauces and give you 2 small cups to hold it in.  I don't hold out much hope for this place until they learn how to cook a brisket, there are at least a couple of very good bbq places in Champaign, you guys need to really step up your game.笑
I had the beef brisket platter w/ 2 sides (mac n cheese and the broccoli cheese casserole) but didn't have cornbread because they ran out, so they gave me sliced bun.  I also got the one pound of rib tips and that came with fries.  The barbecue sauce I chose for the whole order was mild.  I ordered the lemon shake up.  

Overall the meat is cooked to a perfect tenderness and the meat falls off the rib tips, on the other hand, the seasonings were just not there for me.  I thought it could have definitely been seasoned much better.  The sides also were not very good, they did not seem fresh, even the fries.  The barbecue sauce I choose was not good either.  I've had better lemon shake ups too.

So in the end, I think this place has to get better or I don't see it being open for long.  I may give it another chance down the road to see if they make any improvements.  With Lil' Porgy's down the street I think they need to figure out something.  We shall see.笑
Tried this place today as it was close to the auto repair shop. I was pleasantly surprised. I had the carolina pork sandwich, which was pretty good. The bun was nicely toasted, the meat was decent, and the portion was fine. They have quite a few sauces to try-I liked the peach chipotle. 
The potato salad was what you'd get from the grocery store. (I love Hickory River's)
The fries were VERY good. Ours were nice and crisp, unlike what others have said in reviews. 
For $7 and change (no drink) I thought it was a decent deal. I may have to try the burgers, which are under $3. 

I'll go back.笑
Made a recent trip over to Bobos BBQ, to sample their selection of smoked meats.  Ordered a 3 sample plate...turkey, sausage and brisket.   I loved the turkey. It didn't have that rubbery texture that you sometimes get at BBQ places.  Brisket was decent too...I liked the black pepper flavor on the edges, and it was fairly tender.  The sausage was over cooked, but tasty.  If you like sauces, they have several delicious house made treats!  The chipotle berry flavored was really good with the turkey. Potato salad didn't taste homemade (not that good), and the beans were ok.  They put a slice of peach in the beans for sweetness.  Surprisingly, I liked it.  Overall, a very solid 3 stars. I will return for ribs next time!笑
My dad recommended I check the spot out, so I went in with the impression I was going to be blown away. Unfortunately, i was less than impressed. Let's start with customer service, the woman who was running the register was oh so kind and welcoming. As she went out to wipe down some dirty tables I heard a gentleman yell very rudely at her from some room in the back (I'm assuming was an office) to stop worrying about the tables and get over there and answer the call. Maybe that's me being too harsh but he was very very rude to her. 

In terms of food, I got the pulled pork platter with fries and coleslaw. Pulled pork started off rather tasty although it was pretty cold, which wasn't wonderful. I also found a piece of plastic that looked to be from some sort of wrapper in my meat so that quickly halted that portion of the meal. Fries were great, nicely deep fried. Coleslaw was also rather tasty! The corn bread was pretty good although it tasted like it probably came out of a box. 

They had unique sauces, I tried the Dr. Pepper and the chipotle peach. They were both really really good. 

Overall, not bad for a cheap quick meal. Don't expect super friendly attitudes from all staff and please watch your food as you eat.笑
I tried this place despite all the negative reviews and the fact that I often see the workers outside smoking in front which is a bit of a turn off. I had the cuban which is turkey, pork, and brisket. It was under $6 for a large sandwich that I was able to get in under 10 minutes through the drive thru. I asked for the hottest sauce they have, and I was given one labeled "Hot." It was anything but hot. The flavor was okay, but it was thin and definitely lacking in heat. 

This is no Blackdog, but it's good for fast food and beats Lil Porgy's in my opinion.笑
We've been driving by this place for months as we head home from Champaign. Today we were heading home and decided to pick up some to take home.  While we waited for the order we noticed that the place is clean and the staff very friendly. My wife and I both ordered burnt ends, a special, for about eight dollars each, and it came with two sides, a drink, and three sauces. We took it home-- about nine miles-- and it was still hot when we got home even though it is packaged just in styrofoam containers. 

The burnt ends were perfect. Each of us got four nice sized pieces-- about 1 inch by 2 inches. They were sitting inside a toasted hamburger bun.  They were perfectly done. Nice char and very tender, with great flavor.  

The barbeque sauces were fine. I am not a fan of bbq sauces, especially the sweet tomato based ones, so I was glad they put them on the side. My wife said they were tasty; the hot was too hot for her taste and the cherry-chipotle too sweet for her taste, but she thought the flavor was good, though BoBo's will never compete with Black Dog in Urbana.

The sides, however, were a little problematic. My wife ordered broccoli casserole and chipotle macaroni and cheese.  I ordered cole slaw and greens for my sides.  When we got home, however, we found four tubs of macaroni and cheese.  While I have little doubt that, had we driven back, they would have corrected the order, we weren't going to make the 18 mile round trip to do that.  It is noteworthy that they have a nice selection of sides to go along with the meals. Unfortunately I cannot say anything about them. My wife liked the mac and cheese well enough.  She says "it's mac and cheese, with a little chipotle flavor added."  If you can't make acceptable mac and cheese in Kraft's hometown, you shouldn't be in business. And this was acceptable.  Too much of it for us, especially since I won't eat Mac and Cheese, but it was good enough.  She was sad that she didn't get her broccoli casserole, and I was sorry I didn't get to try the greens and cole slaw slides.  Maybe some other day.

Not sure if we'll go back or not.  It is probably unfair not to try again.  The meat was good, and while screwing up the order the first time left a "bad taste in my mouth" it probably shouldn't put them on my avoid-list.笑
I always try to stop by Bobo's whenever I'm in Champaign.  They have great lunch specials, lots of interesting sauce choices, and fantastic fresh cut fries. My favorites are the Cuban Sandwich and the Carolina Pork Sandwich. (I happen to enjoy the mac & cheese, despite what other reviews are saying.)  I also love the girl behind the counter, she is very efficient and always so sweet!笑
Pretty good..thought the sides were real good. As for the political stuff...quit being the nation of crybabies over political humor.  Amazing how thin skinned this community is...come for the food, enjoy the food and roll on...whew..笑
Absolutely terrible. An insult to the residents of Champaign-Urbana.笑
I had never been here before and, after having an excellent BBQ meal at Black Dog recently, decided to see how it compares. I pulled up to the drive thu order screen and sat there for about a minute. Wondering if the intercom was broken or if they were even open I pulled forward to the window. When it opened I was greeted with a lecture about how they heard me but there were only two employees and that I essentially needed to be more patient. Listen pal, all you had to do was tell me that when I pulled up. I wasn't even upset about it, I just wanted to know if this was a place that was open to serve me food or not. The food wasn't bad, but a stressed out cook giving me crap on my first visit is not something I need in my dining experience. Congratulations, you just lost a repeat customer笑
Saw this place due to the Hillary joke and thought this is the kind of place I need to go eat.. the hogzilla is freaking awesome, the sausage is really incredible and makes the sandwich great.笑
5th star is for the butthurt democrats with no sense of humor but apparently a new-found sense of appreciation for the right of association. Imagine that! You should probably go vegan anyway, right? 

Tips, pulled pork and burnt ends are the best. Greens are nice and spicy, mac and cheese is made with the liquid gold from down the street and I think it's amazing.

Sauces are predominantly sweet but if I'm not in the mood to wait and over spend at Black Dog I'm going to BoBos.笑
So far I have tried the pulled chicken and the pulled pork sandwiches, the fries, and a selection of the different sauces. The meat itself is okay in terms of texture. It doesn't have a particularly smokey flavor or anything. The thing that makes the meat "BBQ" is the sauce that you put on it. Otherwise, it's just tender, slow-cooked meat. 

Some may say it's not fair to just order and sandwich and then review a BBQ joint, but hey; there are a lot of people like me who don't want to spend $15 on ribs every time we want BBQ. In terms of the sandwich, the bun is the biggest weakness. It's just a generic, slightly stale, un-toasted bun. At least it's better than plain white bread. 

The fries are prepared fresh when you order. They're the sort that are clearly potatoes (which is nice), but they're not crispy at all. They're kind of soggy and chewy. Not really my thing. They're also quite bland. 

I've tried the mild and hot sauces and they're both fine. The hot isn't overpowering and the mild is pretty average. I also tried the Dr. Pepper sauce, which is intriguing. It's very sweet and works well with chicken.

The lemon shakeups are pretty decent. They cost a bit more than a fountain drink, but they do taste like what you get at the state fair. 

Overall, BoBo's BBQ is pretty forgettable. It's adequate, but with places like Black Dog around, it's just too generic. The prices are lower than Black Dog (which just gets higher and higher every year), but I'm not sure they're low enough to justify the mediocrity of the food. I would be shocked if this place is here in a year.笑
Actually it's my third time and the wife was lucky enough to be with me and first thing she says, "it smells amazing!!"  Always get a plate and multi up on the sides; including collards!!!  The staff is very enthusiastic about their food making the experience even better.   Highly recommend the brisket and again, be sure to side up!

Ok, so I'm almost a regular here and not bad coming from the IL/WI border. Updates, the turkey is amazing and of course I got the brisket. My wife and most of the kids with me so gots me a taste of some tips and fries too. The tips were a little fatty but otherwise fantastic flavor and the fries are classic legit the bomb. 

Also wanted to most highly recommend the Hot and forget exactly but has peach in is sauces!!  As always went with the collards and can't go wrong with any of the sides.  Til next time..笑
I pass by this place everyday and have never tried it. Came in on a rainy day and tried the rib tips. The side door was extremely heavy.  I think they should probably change that for any handicap or weaker customers. The service was quick and friendly. A couple of unique sauce blends. The ribs were greasy but you got a pound for $9. The chipotle mac was just normal mac with chipotle sauce on top.  Overall not the best bbq in Champaign and I think they know it (the server mentioned Porgy's when I was ordering). Im intrigued to try the burnt ends one day but I'm not holding my breath.笑
The food is absolutely fantastic. Especially the Smoked Turkey. Don't be so cheap with the BBQ cups. Come on you offer 8 different sauces. Let the customer try then all. It makes you look like a cheap skate.笑
I love BBQ  foods and its nearly impossible for me to hate it but this place is horrible. I'd rather go to Lil Porgy's down the street. They are a little bit better than Q smokehouse on campus but jeez.笑
Restaurant review
In my quest to find good BBQ in Champaign outside of BlackDog which I still have not had a chance to eat at due to the long lines, I ended up at Bobo's with carry out. First the food takes a bit of time to prepare even though I was only 1 of 2 customers. I took heed to avoid the mac and cheese as it was reported to be similar to box mac and cheese. My sides were fries which are skin on potato fries, good not very crunchy but tasty and the potato salad which tasted like run of the mill potato salad. The corn bread was crumbly and dry so not so good. And on to the meats, pulled pork and beef brisket. There was not really any strong smoky flavor. The portion size was ridiculously small. For 13 dollars you can see how much food I got in the container. The only redeeming value was the delicious BBQ sauce. The chiptole peach and mild sauce were amazing BBQ sauce with a delicate balance of spiciness and sweetness. The only downside is you get only 2 small containers for the sauce. If you want any more you have to pay extra.

Pros: Amazing selection of BBQ sauce

Cons: Small portion size, expensive, not really good smoky flavors

Hidden deals:
Lunch specials Monday to Friday with main entree, side, and drinks for some ranging from 7-8 dollars笑
Democrats and fair minded people need not apply.  On October 15, 2016, this business decided it was a good practice to weigh in on the 2016 presidential election by insulting the majority of the voters. 
I came for barbecue, not for stupid insults. See my photo of the insult, directed at me, the customer.笑
Went in on the recommendation of a friend. When we pulled in, the parking lot was empty. It was around two in the afternoon, so the lack of cars were quite a surprise!! Upon the walk in, I was anticipating  the smokey smell of really good BBQ!! We ordered two Saturday specials; which consited of 1lb of rib tips, a side and a drink for 9.00. Costing less than 25.00 for both orders. We were given several sample cups to try the various BBQ sauces that they make in house!! Amazing blends of flavors!! The Pineapple horseradish and the Grilled Peach Chipolte were my favorite. The mashed potatoes were awesome and the coleslaw was left almost in a natural crunchy state with just the right amount of sweet. The mac and cheese was some of the BEST I have ever had!!! 
 The meat was AMAZING!! You can tell by the taste of the rub alone that each piece of meat that they smoke is done with love and care. The meat was melt in your mouth fantastic!! I am so excited to find out that they have 6.00 meal deals Monday thru Friday for students  who present a school ID!! I officially LOVE this place!!
 The service was beyond amazing too!! Very courteous and patient with my questions about their menu and what they offer. Overall a great experience and I can not WAIT to go back!!!!笑
Tried it for the first time tonight. Went to drive-thru, unfortunately they were out of burnt ends. Worker told me that if I wanted them, call ahead and they would save an order for me. Nowhere else does that! Went with the pulled pork plate with slaw and mac & cheese. The pork was delicious, soft and well smoked, and the portion was HUGE! The hot Carolina vinegar sauce could have used a bit more vinegar, but the spice was spot on. I'm very picky about cole slaw, and their vinegar slaw was extremely good. The mac & cheese had a homemade flavor, not "out of the box" appearing like other places in town. Man at the drive-thru was EXTREMELY friendly and got my order to me quickly. The only reason that I took off one star was that the sauce was not nearly "vinegary" enough. Will definitely return to this restaurant!!笑
This is my go-to barbecue place in Champaign-Urbana. After we had been to both restaurants, my son from out of town proclaimed that the Wood N' Hog's rib tips were much better. But that's not what I order--I go for the brisket sandwich, and WNH does not serve beef at all! BoBo's brisket is extremely tasty and tender, much like what I ate while growing up in Texas (such fine memories of Fred's Barbecue in Dallas, with brisket sandwiches for 35 cents!). And it's less expensive than most local barbecue places. 

On a side table are a variety of sauces that you are welcome to sample to your stomach's content, after which you can serve yourself. To me that is a big plus, since several other restaurants require you to guess which sauce you would like, and a wrong guess makes your dinner considerably less enjoyable. My favorite is the one labeled Hot.

I'm NOT very much into French fries--but BoBo's fries are among the best I've had--much less greasy than those at two much-higher-end places.

Their side offerings include collard greens that are possibly the best I've ever eaten (be aware that they're rather hot and spicy). Be sure to ask them to drain the greens, however; otherwise you may end up with mostly liquid and only a small serving of greens (this is something they should officially change, I believe).

Michael, the gentleman behind the counter who has been there every time I've gone, is extremely friendly; after I had been there only a single time, on my next visit he called me by my name and asked about my wife's health! I've heard from several sources that the owner is somewhat inhospitable--but he has never been there when I was there, and Michael's graciousness makes for a pleasant experience.笑
crap with a capital crap...
fries ...cold greasy...
rib tips slimey....nasty...
my dog wouldn't eat it and she eats her own poo....
g r o s s....
great dirtball hang out though...笑
I eat bbq all over Illinois and this place is better than the current rating.  Brisket was fall apart tender and the grilled peach Chipolte sauce was an excellent addition. Solid beans and potato salad but the two standouts were the moist cornbread loaf and the mac and cheese. Friendly owner who insisted I try a sample of the mac n cheese. Clean but uncomplicated sitting area. You won't go home hungry either.笑
This is the good stuff! I will drive across town to get some brisket here along with the Mac and cheese. Super creative sauces and good prices, now all we need is an Urbana location!

Yo G, hint hint!笑
I've given this place a wide berth due to the two star rating they have as an average. Circumstances took me there about 10 days ago; I've been back twice since. It's been solid all three times, and for around 6 bucks a pop. 

While I agree with a few things that previous reviewers have said -- the mac & cheese is pretty much straight out of the box -- the meat has always been really moist and smokey. I've had brisket, pulled pork, and rib tips. The last one is definitely not for the squeamish by the way; it's a visceral experience, but well worth it. 

The only sides I've had are the mac and cheese, and the fries. As I mentioned, the mac and cheese is pretty generic, but the fries! That's where it's at. 

Obviously, knocking off THE barbecue place in town is a tall order. While Bobo's doesn't do it, it does what it does well. If you're not in the mood to wait for over an hour or pay 20 bucks for a meal (or both) on the other side of town, give Bobo's a shot.