Good Food for the airport, I enjoyed the vibe.  Had a great time with great service probably will revise on my next layover at the end of the week.Ǿ
The SW Chipotle Wrap is so good I think I'm getting emotional!!  And paired with a Joseph James??  And a charging station right at my chair?!  It's the small victories in life that keep me so happy.Ǿ
Standard airport bar/restaurant with standard airport bar prices and the added benefit of electrical outlets under the bar on one side of the long table that goes across the space. It's clean, well-lit and they won't rush you out the door, so it's a decent place to enjoy a drink or two (and maybe a Nathan's hot dog) and charge up your devices before a Southwest flight.Ǿ
Very nice staff food much better than the early post  not great but it's an airport bar platter was the tastiestǾ
Very nice staff at this airport bar.  They pla y rock in' Friday night music and the bar is festive.  The lighted bar is interesting.  I like the arrangement of the space.  Good times, good beer, airport prices.Ǿ
As far as airport bars go, this is fine.

Fairly generous portions on the beers, though the draft selection is minimal. Instead of trying to create their own food, which would likely be a disaster like most airport restaurants, they have decided to offer food prepared by Nathan's and Jersey Mike's...probably a good idea.

I had a cheeseburger and fries. Nice and greasy as you might expect. Better than the other fast food options at Maccarran though.Ǿ
Very friendly little joint playing rock and roll and serving beer in the middle of Concourse C. The beers are big, the shots are well-portioned, and the food is provided by Nathan's Hot Dogs and Jersey Mike's Subs next door.
Their draft selection is limited, yet varied; they had a local brew during my visit, the Joseph James Rye or something along those lines, plus Stella, Blue Moon and Bud. They have a healthy selection of liquor and a goodly amount of bottles tucked away, though.
The staff is quick, polite and proficient. The prices are maybe a bit higher than your average airport bar, but the service and the larger beverage sizes are a good trade-off, so I shall return.Ǿ
Service was absolutely terrible. Do yourself a favor and go anywhere else. The restaurant was staffed appropriately for the size and amount of people, however the server was condescending. He recommended onion rings as a side, and brought French fries, when I told him about the error he said "no you said fries" I said "I did?" He then brought the onion rings and charged me for them? He continued to tell me that I was being very rude when I asked him about this. Gross.Ǿ
Always my first stop at the Las Vegas airport for a quick drink or two before my flight. The drinks are strong and the staff is very nice.

I also recommend the breakfast menu for early morning flights! I had the bagel sandwich with sausage and egg and it was great.Ǿ
I was pleasantly surprised by this little airport spot. Prices are typical for an airport, especially a bustling one like McCarran, but for a beer, salad, and tip, I was set back only $20 bucks. I've done worse damage while at other airport joints! The caprese salad didn't look like much on the plastic plate and silverware, but it actually tasted pretty decent! My Las Vegas Lager was also tasty and of the beer choices, I'm glad I ordered this one. 

Take note they encourage community seating, especially if hiding in a corner while waiting for your flight is your preference. I found a seat at the bar, which I expect some degree of conversing with my neighbors to happen, so this wasn't too out of place. 

Overall, not bad if you're looking to kill some time and grab a bite before your flight.Ǿ
Well, we were just passing through Las Vegas on our way to ski and snowboard in Lake Tahoe. A quick cocktail grab here, but you better bring some $$$. Two Captain Morgans with Pepsi were $28. The service was excellent, which warrants the four stars...but the fifth star eludes for the sky high pricing. At least it was a good pour...nice stiff drinks to match the stiff prices. Dive atmosphere with great cocktails in an airport. All good here.Ǿ
Great bar located in Terminal C. Lucky Streak offers a full bar, wine, beer.. And a short list items of food. Overall, they are quick and bar service is good. Several TVs are playing sports and there's music playing pretty much all the time. Day i was here was late 80s.  

Prices are vegas typical, Stella was $10. 

Overall one of the better places to have drinks in terminal C plus you can bring outside food in without much gripe if ordering drinks. 

Cheers!!Ǿ
Food was not great, but to be expected at the airport. However, bartender Johnny was the most personable and responsive tender I have ever had. Really seems like he wants customers to have a good time and a safe flight. I would go again just for him.Ǿ
Food was cold and had no taste, customer service was poor and honestly unprofessional, waited a long time for a menu and food. The staff kept making jokes about customers which made it unconfortable.Ǿ
This is a great spot to hit and Heather is excellent, I always stop in on layovers or when flying out...have a breakfast wrap!Ǿ
Had the breakfast platter. Food was edible but I can't say it was good. I just covered it all in ketchup cause I was hungry. 

For 2 people to have breakfast platter, 1 coffee, & 1 juice, total was $29.

Took 20 minutes to get check after we'd finished eating.

Took another 30 minutes to get someone to charge the card so we could leave!

Don't stop here if you're in ANY type of hurry!Ǿ
This is pretty much and in and out place. Don't ask for refills, and jus the basics. I wanted egg whites and yeah they were not having any of that fancy stuff. The egg, cheese and bacon on English muffin was good. The Bloody Mary was a little spicy, the water was wet and the coffee was fair. Quick service, friendly enough. Just don't ask for more coffee.Ǿ
The food and service was horrible!  I waited over 30 minutes for hot wings and they were cold by the time I got them.  The waitress did not even apologize for the mess up. The beers are pricey.  It code $9 for a beer on tap.Ǿ
Catching a Southwest flight and have a few (or many) minutes?  This is a pretty good place to get a drink and enjoy the airport's free WiFi.  They aren't the quickest though, so if you are in a hurry, close out your tab ASAP.  It's right next to C23.  I haven't had the food, but the wine is decent.  You can also get drinks-to-go, so there's that.Ǿ
What horrible service. They do not know how to make a bloody mary. This one guy seemed like he was in charge of the inventory, he was so rude and ignored me even though I sat at the bar. Did not greet me, did not even rush to get my ticket. Being at an airport you think the bartender would understand urgency. I wish I was able to get his name but he wouldn't talk to me.Ǿ
Unless you're WASTED don't eat breakfast here. It's McDonald's without the happy meal, which is very sad after an early morning flight. Even if you are wasted, there are better options. Walk five minutes toward Terminal C and go to PGA Tour Grill. There is no comparison. Hands down you'll be making the right decision to pass on Lucky Streak. I have left a total of 2 yelp reviews since I joined many years ago and neither were negative...if that tells you anything about my experience. I strongly advise against eating breakfast here.Ǿ
Gary the bartender can make one hell of a drink. He is courteous and even tho he'll probably never see you again....he is caring and treats you like he will.Ǿ
The waiters seems to be in a rush for you to hurry up, eat your food and go. They're not friendly and they rush you into ordering. I would have rather had fast food.Ǿ
Gary was our bartender. 
After having a sort of crappy end to our time in Sacramento, we wanted to fly home with a few bloody marys. We were welcomed by Gary to come sit at his bar and we couldn't believe the impeccable service he gave us. 
We work in DFW Airport at a restaurant and know how important it is to provide customer service in a timely manner. He blew it out of the water with his cocktail skills and humor. 
It was the best part of our trip. I'd come back to LAS airport just to have a layover with Gary. 
Awesome. Awesome. Awesome. 5/5Ǿ
The bar is small, but it wasn't very crowded so I stopped in for a pre-flight adult beverage. There are only about 4 or 5 beers on tap, and a wine list with about 8 different choices. The Sauvignon Blanc is decent, and for $9 this they pour a VERY generous portion. Huge wine glass, filled at least half way, which I don't find typical of airport bars. The service was fine, nothing to write home about, and they have a decent TV with, you guessed it, sports on. There aren't many options in this terminal, and this one is pretty good.Ǿ
Came into an early flight and Alex was an amazing bartender great energy friendly really a great place to stop by and get a spiritǾ
Grabbing a meal on the way out of Las Vegas found me at the Lucky Streak.  I want to say thank you to the server who went above and beyond to track me down at my gate after I had mistakenly left my credit card behind after paying the bill.  Thank you for your very kind efforts.Ǿ
Came to kill time just like everyone else. Free wifi a bonus but watch the upgrading of drinks. Ordered Bloody Mary at $8.87.... "can make it a double for $2 more" ok "and if you want the works $5 more" for what? Bacon celery pickle 2 green olives line and a pepporchinni" please... Final =$15.00.  I've seen better deluxe bloody Mary's but tasted fine. Would I order again? Absolutely not. $10 nachos just chips and cheese like from a little league field. Save the extra buck. Should have just got a beer.Ǿ
Do not go here for breakfast. I don't want to say that it was the worst breakfast that I've ever had but I'm struggling to remember one that was worse. Diced potatoes were apparently substituted that day for a hash brown that they bought from McDonald's. The sausage was more like a small tasteless hamburger patty than sausage. Save your money. Eat on the plane.Ǿ
Drinks at this bar are very pricey. Their drink menu doesn't have price for each item, but who would've thought that they'd charge me $11 for a 20-oz Stella? That is borderline robbery. Will never come back.Ǿ
Who wants to hear annoying dance music on Thanksgiving Eve?   I put on head phones to block it out.  If you sit against the back wall there are super bright spot lights shining in your eyes.  Wish they pointed at the wall instead.  $21 for two drinks, but I expected that.   There are a few plugs which was handy.Ǿ
Having arrived to McCarren Airport early, and breezing through checking my bag & TSA screening, I had nearly 3 hours to kill before my flight. This bar offers charging stations & AC plugs, plus drinks, and food from Nathan's & Jersey Mike's next door! The servers were very attentive & friendly. I ordered a double Cape Cod twice and both were as I expected: $12.84 including tax. The music here was excellent classic rock, and TVs showed whatever sports were happening.