Very plain food. I've been a couple times, usually as a result of other Duluth restaurants being full. I might go again under those circumstances, but never as a first option. Don't expect much!Ǿ
I've been coming to this spot since 2000 (well, with a 9 year gap) and I still like it! For $18 it has a totally decent vegetarian menu that gets you a veggie soup, spring rolls, and an entree.
The soup - a little bowl of clear broth soup with lots of veggies and mushrooms. Very healthy tasting in a good way!
The spring rolls - really good! Montreal has awesome spring rolls, but these are better than you'd get in most other cities in a random restaurant. They have fried tofu and mint and all the good stuff.
The entree - by now you are kind of full, but I can vouch for the tofu with pineapple and the crispy friend noodles and veggies. Both are good, and you will be more than stuffed.

As everyone mentions, it's BYO. I had absolutely no problems with service and it's a small, clean space.Ǿ
Food is ok - a bit too salty though. Server forgot about us at the beginning, but finally saw/remembered us and was very apologetic, so I won't ding major points for that. 

Very reasonable prices, and BYOW.... 

But in general? Meh. I've experienced better.Ǿ
This place pretty much ruined my night. Our food took an hour to come out, which, alone would be unacceptable. But the fact that we got no updates as we waited, couldn't get water refilled or wine bottles open is completely bullshit. So I'm calling bullshit. Step up your game lotus bleu

Oh, and the food was mediocre.Ǿ
I don't know what's up with all the hate! :) 
I've been here several times (with groups ranging from 4 to around 15 people) and I like it! It's a BYOB, and the prices are quite reasonable (less than $15/person). The decor on the covered terrace is cutesy/kitsch, with little plastic flowers on the walls and ceiling, but the interior dining area is a little more formal, though still casual.   
The grilled meat (I tried chicken and beef) was flavourful and moist, with a nice combination of sweet and spice. Granted, there was some sneaky business with the battered shrimp (it was cut in half, with each side battered.. ah HAH! I'm on to you....) but it was good, regardless. The vegetables in the soup were crisp and fresh.  The salad is one of typical greens, tomato and onion, with julienned carrots and beet, but the sauce (also used with the imperial rolls) is tangy, sweet and delicious. I can't comment on the other options - I've only had the grilled meat combos. All in all, it's a nice little place.Ǿ
very fresh ingredients... well prepared and presented..sit outside and enjoy the breeze from Duluth rustle your hair while you savoir the delicious food!Ǿ
BYOB restaurant that was a very nice meal. They have indoor and (semi)outdoor seating for a couple of groups. They did have an eerily low ceiling in their basement bathrooms that was off-putting, but a lovely place overall.