Sushi's ok/good, but the just-eat delivery takes FOREVER. 

1.5 hours the last 3 times I ordered. If you plan on ordering from here, just make sure you're ready to wait. 

If my partner didn't love their fire rolls so much, I'd pick somewhere else.笑
Je dois avouer que la première fois que j'ai pensé aller au Sushi Time, je suis rentrée puis sortie en moins de 2 minutes. Ça n'est pas accueillant comme endroit et disons que ça porte à se poser des questions sur le côté sanitaire de l'endroit. Il y a quelques semaines, des amis de l'extérieur voulaient me faire une belle surprise et m'ont promis un lunch de sushi... en me montrant le dépliant et en me disant qu'ils font la livraison, je me suis dit que tout le monde à droit au moins à une chance. Et j'étais super contente parce que les sushi sont pas mal bons (pour Montréal...), le prix est assez bas et la livraison rapide considérant que c'est fait sur commande. Je ne voulais pas écrire d'avis avant de l'essayer au moins une autre fois, et maintenant que c'est fait, je pense bien que ça va devenir un de mes endroits préférés quand je suis trop paresseuse non seulement pour faire à manger, mais aussi pour sortir!笑
Can't say it's the best sushi I've ever had but definitely found it good. I would go back. All the roles were tasty. I didn't particularly like the special queen, that's because I'm not a big fan of cooked salmon. It was too fishy for my liking. 
The rest were quite good. I particularly liked the chef sushi and Mexican role. 
One small disappointment was the staff didn't remind me that if I ordered 25$ or more u get a. Futumakis free. Ive been to other shops and alway was told when my order was clearly over. Once I paid I let them know it was cool that it wasn't mentioned. 
So look at the first page when U order and remind them to include the bonus role :)笑
Just ordered from sushi time! It was really fast, got here in no time. The sushi is not the best sushi I ever had, but for the price it's a-ok.笑
Sushi time's sushi is pretty reasonably priced and decent if you're in the mood for sushi. It's what led us to order several times from them using the "Just Eat" app. Honestly I'd usually give this place a 4 star rating but they have aptly earned only two. Constantly their delivery takes well over an hour when we live 10 only minutes away, also we are usually 4-5 people ordering sushi so we ask for 4-5 pairs of chopsticks and spicy mayo on the side. We write it in the comment section, which they are suppose to read but only 20% of the time do they actually read it. Seriously how do they expect 4-5 people to eat sushi with only two pairs of chopsticks! However good their sushi is, we've been put off enough to look elsewhere from now on笑
I like this place. It's okay. The rice is really good and the fish is fresh. The main problem here is customer service. Don't get me wrong, they are nice people and they try to please their customers. However, they often made mistakes in my order. There is always something wrong or something missing. Recently, I specified I did not want avocados and somehow 50% of my order is filled with avocado. If you eat sushis from this place, make sure they understood what you wanted and check your order before leaving.笑
This is my go-to sushi deliver place. The quantity is great for the price and it's always very fresh. 

Like someone else mentioned, double check your order over the phone as I've had a few mistakes, and remind them to actually give you the spicy mayo if you order a roll that has it. ;)

Delivery time is LONG so order in advance!! (Over an hour and a quarter in my experience) but their delivery guys are super nice!笑
The sushi here is cheap and good quality for what you pay.

I've never eaten in - the place itself looks pretty iffy and dark - but I've gotten home delivery quite a few times, and always been happy with it. Delivery has always been prompt, and I've never had any problem with the quality. It usually costs about $30 all up for my girlfriend and I to eat well.

If you want the best sushi in Verdun, then you want Aka-Fuji down the road.

If you want a cheap and healthy meal delivered to your door, it's SUSHI TIME!笑
Sushi Time est un bar à sushi particulier, dont la spécialité est le sushi cuit, ce qui est un délicieux contre sens. J'ai pour ma part commandé une assiette de sushi fris, et sans que ce plat ait été une révélation, j'ai apprécié découvrir un goût différent. Le restaurant offre également la livraison, ce qui est plutôt rare pour ce type d'établissement. À essayer au moins une fois pour leur spécialité !笑
From Le journal de Montreal http://www.journaldemontreal.com/2016/04/22/horreurs-aux-sushis

Sushi time insalubre
En mars et avril 2015, le Sushi Time du 4534, rue Wellington s'est fait prendre pour de sérieux problèmes de propreté.
Odeurs nauséabondes sous les planches à découper, moisissures autour de l'évier, crottes de rongeurs sur les étagères.
La situation s'était améliorée en avril, mais pas assez. Le resto a reçu deux amendes de 750 $ et 900 $ le 18 janvier dernier.
"Les inspecteurs sont revenus quelques mois après, et le risque est passé d'élevé à moyen, alors ça va beaucoup mieux", dit la proprio Thanh Truc Tran.笑
For fast take out with a good quality-taste price it's our spot. It's always ready fast and the service is good. Do recommend if you're craving quick sushi in Verdun!笑
Decently priced sushi, however the quality is so-so. The restaurant is really dark, so I am not inclined to eat there.笑
Had a home delivered meal from just eat from here.. The menu really excited me and the food didn't disappoint. Really enjoyed my meal. The food was fresh, warm (soup and fried stuffs) and delivered on time.笑
Decent sushi. However, they take for ever to deliver (over an hour in my case) so maybe take out is a better option. Also, make sure you double check your order with them on the phone because they're prone to mistakes.笑
A generic bland sushi like so many in this continent. They are pretty cheap so no harm done if you just need to fill your hunger