Consistently amazing Italian food. This is not Olive Garden or Applebee's level of quality- this is very decent quality food. They appear to use wholesome ingredients and their wood-fired pizza is the bomb dot com.!!!Ǿ
We had the pine nut/chicken salad, very good, just the right amount of dressing. Pizza was pepperoni and mushroom again not to much sauce, (no pun intended ;) Overall, I can see this as a 'go to place' . 

Side note: I will say the service impressed me, even though the busboy was working it, every time he passed our table, he asked if we needed anything and took care of whatever.Ǿ
Great tasting Suprima Pizza and Chicken salad!The $20 for two including drinks was great deal! Will definitely be going back for more great food and drink!Ǿ
My fiance and I were excited by the menu... a little on the pricey side, but we don't mind paying as long as the food is up to par. Well, this place didn't quite make the mark. Almost thirty bucks for 2 sandwiches, one salad, and a drink is a bit extreme, especially when the "crusty bread" was hard as a rock and the salad completely lacked in flavor. The only good thing about this place was the tea. Oh well.Ǿ
Great gluten free pizza. The menu is a bit pricey in my opinion considering the fact that it is a retail shopping center and you are in a fast paced and open seating area.Ǿ
Can't get enough of Sauce. Try the Chicken Cesar pizza or the macaroni & cheese. SOOOO good, and for the price? Can't beat it.Ǿ
Okay in a pinch when you are absolutely craving pizza and a salad, but it's not so much faster that you coudn't run in somewhere else.  Maybe if you are really frazzled and need to take the kids out to a meal but don't want to disturb other people.  Can't say that the food is offensive, its just not great.Ǿ
Sauce has gotten a lot better recently.

This store really went downhill after Fox RC sold them off but it has come back.  I live very close to here and frequent it a lot.  For a while, it was just plain bad.  Now, it's back to it's prior glory.

If you haven't been in a while because the food got bad, you should probably check it out again.  If I didn't buy hundreds in Sauce cards from Costco, I might not have "checked in" as frequently but I can say for the last 5-6 months the food has been much betterǾ
They have gluten free items labeled on the menu, but even though they have a ton of veggie options, the vegetarian/vegan options are not labeled so we had to ask about everything and held up the line. If they had things labeled as vegan, they'd get 5 stars because the food and service was good and they were very accommodating regarding our "allergies."

Order: Roasted winter vegetable salad, dressing on the side. No other changes. Quinoa, beet, & arugula salad with no goat cheese, and balsamic on the side. Build your own pizza, hand stretched crust, red sauce, olives, asparagus, and spinach. All vegan.

Tip: order extra red sauce if you get a pizza with no cheese.

The Roasted Winter Vegetable salad is almost exactly like True Food's autumn/winter salad - yum!Ǿ
I like this place! Didn't think I would, but I do. The Cesar salad was great...but I like a lot of anchovy flavor, so take that into consideration. I also liked the pasta sauce. My 6-year old had a simple pasta with a meatball and we shared it...we both liked it. It also had a Pei Wei kind of feel to the arrangement of the place. Menus on the side wall you order and pay at the register and then they bring you your food. Cheesecake afterwards was nothing special but still met my sweet tooth (but they didn't have coffee so that was a bummer) I would go back.Ǿ
I like Sauce! It's like an odd remix of a fast food restaurant. Loud, bright, and fast, but at the same time hip and full of tasty Italian food! I think the funniest part is that there is a television inside and it is always tuned into Food Network. Sometimes I watch it when I'm in there and it's like "Look! Here is all this other food you could be eating!"

The pizza comes on a super thin, crunchy crust and is satisfactory in flavor. The mac n' cheese is super tasty, although I could probably make it at home if I really tried. My favorite stand-out item is the goat cheese, artichoke, and mushroom bruschetta appetizer, although I could probably also make this at home (not that I ever would have thought of it!). It is such a great combo of crunchy, warm bread and soft goat cheese! 

The food comes fast and is pretty affordable! A good place to grab a bite to eat if you're in a bit of a hurry.Ǿ
Have always loved sauce until tonight when I had a long hair cooked into my grilled cheese panini. When I brought it to their attention they did not offer to reimburse me, but to make me another sandwich which I did not want. Ew. They really didn't even seem apologetic about it.

Used to come in every Sunday after church but no more.

Bummer.Ǿ
Well Sauce hits the "spot" for me. I was amazed how quick the service is and how fast we get our pizza (well their  pizza does follow the laws of physics, THIN PIES COOK QUICK!). So if your're looking for deep dish....this is not spot. But if you like it thin, it's great. I tend to order the same item time and time again and it's the sausage with carmelized onions. Sandra K likes their salads, so it's a pizza and salad and we share. She likes a glass of red wine with her dinner. We share the pizza and salad (she won't let me drink her wine though) and I gotta tell you, it's plenty of food and I feel like I got real value for my money. Kudo's to Sauce!

This guy, Sam Fox, has a magic touch with most of his restaurantsl He is truly gifted by bringing his concepts to the greater Phoenix area.Ǿ
This sauce really disappointed me tonight.   I had guests and we ordered Grubhub delivery from sauce.   Delivery was on time and food of course was good.    The problem was that our dessert wasn't delivered.   When I called the store I was told by the manager Justine that I was basically out of luck.  There was no way to fix the mistake except to refund my money.   I didn't want a refund we wanted our dessert.   She scoffed at me and said I'm sorry that's all I can do.   Well for one, how about being truly sorry instead of trying to get your customers off the phone because you are 'in the middle of dinner rush'?   Although a sauce long time fan- I will not be back.   In store or delivery that attitude soured me for good.Ǿ
So far I've ate here 3 times. The first was an okay experience with the staff and I had the chicken pesto pizza which was alright, but kinda dry. The second time was take out and the experience with the staff was slow and unconcerned. The third time was the worst and last time I will be eating here. I dined in and had the turkey and avocado salad with no tomatoes (personal preference, no allergy). My sister was with me and ordered the same. It took 30 mins for her food to come out and it ended up having tomatoes on the salad. No silverware was provided and when we asked for it, it took quite some time to be provided. My food however took 45 mins to come out and didn't have tomatoes but it also didn't have Avocado - which is part of the name of the salad. I only had an hour lunch since it was during work hours and ended up asking them to box it to go and adding avocado. The staff didn't seem to care that the food took way longer than it should have and the guy who boxed my food seemed put out that I requested avocado to be added when boxed. Needless to say, I won't be eating here for a while, or ever again if I don't have to!Ǿ
We ordered dinner for pickup from here last night (11/30) and had a really good experience thanks to missy at the register (don't know her name). My guy and I thought about eating there, and we would've if it wasn't so busy... It was ok tho, we enjoyed dinner at home with our puppies. 

Ordered soup, salad, pizza and Mac n' cheese. Total came out to be slightly over $25. What a steal! Apparently, Sauce has a special going on for the holiday season where you buy a $25 gift card and you'll get $5 for free! I LOVE FREE!!!!
Missy at the register suggested we get the gift card to use towards our dinner and that way we'll get $5 for free. Had no idea that was going on if it wasn't for her, and we absolutely appreciate her taking really good care of us. She was very sweet, smiles a lot, and seems to really enjoy her job! She radiated a lot of good energy for being up since 4am. 

I've been here many times and each visit has been very pleasant. Food is great, service is excellent EVERY SINGLE TIME! Thanks for always being on point. We love our neighborhood, and the restaurants on this side of town. Thank you for always taking such care of those that take care of you, Sauce! 
 
P.S. I would really like to recommend the winter roasted vegetable salad, it's the bomb! Mac N' Cheese not my favorite. Other than that, Sauce is a great place to enjoy dinner and it's good on the wallet too! 

Happy holidays!Ǿ
Wow - what a yummy meal.    We had the wild mushroom truffle pizza, rosemary potatoe, and chicken sausage pizza and all were outstanding.   Perfectly cooked.    Server guides us to their special and saved us money and got us more food in the process (get salad and pizza, get two glasses of wine for only $20!).    Service was exceptional.    So nice to eat such a flavorful pizza, and feel good afterwards (instead of comatose like most American pizza).Ǿ
I ordered there featured salad roasted winter vegetable to go.  The wait was a little long  the salad had roasted Brussel sprouts and butternut squash in it that was so hard I couldn't eat it.  Wish I had gone for the  pizza!Ǿ
A 4 star pizza place in Phoenix?  About as common as swimming pools or sun tans, right??  Seriously, this is 4 stars for a couple of reasons.

*Food*
Decent food.  Not incredibly innovative, but still more ambitious than the rest.   I especially like their sausage and caramelized onion pizza, or the pepperoni with crimini mushroom pizza.  Also, the wines by the glass are surprisingly well picked and easy on the wallet.  Make sure to try the spinach, pancetta and goat cheese salad.  It's really tasty.  I asked the staff what kind of dressing they used and they gave me a printed recipe.  Cool eh?  I am curious about the pasta and panini - haven't had them yet.

*Value*
Can't be beat.  For what little you pay, you get the better end of the deal at Sauce.  For a while there, they were doing a $20 special for a 12 inch pizza, salad and two glasses of wine.   That, my friends is a steal, and why this place gets four stars.

P.S. I think this place can best be described as an atmosphere similar to Paradise Bakery or Pei Wei as someone said below.Ǿ
I like this place for lunch.  Salad and pizza is a great combo before a 5 hour long shopping trip.  Yes, we waited in a long line, but that was good since I had a hard time deciding what I wanted.

Yes, I have had better pizza- but it was pretty good and I usually like to eat GREAT pizza when i can take time to enjoy it.  This place will get you in and out.Ǿ
I just tried sauce not to long ago, and I dont know why I never been before. I got the bruschetta which was AMAZING. The bread was so soft, and it had pieces of juicy tomatoes and mozzarella cheese on it. I also got the spaghetti and meatballs. The entree was amazing too.

I went back again for pizza, and I love how thin it is. Sauce leaves you full but not a yucky I cannot move full...its like a satisfied full! I love sauce!Ǿ
i have been to sauce a thousand times and up until recently had no reason to think ill of it.  went back just recently after not having been for a while and something happened.  the food was really bad.  what once was a consistent, reliable, and reasonably priced meal has turned into a disappointing rip-off.   fix it sauce, it was fine at one point.Ǿ
I haven't been here in a long time and it was really good. The meatballs are my favorite and the customer service was excellent.Ǿ
Great thin crust. Always great. Salads are to die for. A casual place to eat.Ǿ
I really like their food, but this review is based on service. Twice within the last 6 months a tip has mysteriously been added to my bill. What's going on here? Sticky fingers? Sorry, but you don't get a tip for taking my order at the cash register. If I receive decent service at the table, I'll leave a tip. If you frequent this location, watch your credit card statements! The first time this happened, the manager refunded the tip. I have to call again and ask for a refund. What a hassle. Guess I need to pay in cash or stop going there.Ǿ
EAT AT SAUCE!!! 

The service is fast and friendly and the food is great! I love the spinach, pancetta and goat cheese salad. I always say I'm going to get something new, but I never do. I try my friends' pizzas though, and those are good too.Ǿ
They have great food, the service was great! I got a pizza with meatball, and pepperoni and that was probably the best pizza I've ever had.Ǿ
My first time here. I spent 9.75 on a pizza my friend and I shared. I was super impressed. Loved the pizza and the service. I will return with more friends :)Ǿ
Went to Sauce Friday night.  We have been here previously and this is one of our fave spots. We ordered two pepperoni pizzas and a Caesar salad and a chicken pine nuts salad.  The thin crust pizza really hit the spot. Not to overwhelming and doesn't make you feel like there is a brick in your stomach after eating it. The salads are super fresh and crisp. We also love the bread rolls they give complimentary. Overall, this is a great place to eat.Ǿ
Sauce was a delightful place to enjoy lunch with friends after a grueling hike up Piestewa Peak. 

I have been really impressed with all of the other Fox Restaurant Concepts, so I was excited to finally try Sauce and see if it was on par with the others. Short answer: YES, this fresh Italian restaurant has something unique and delicious to offer! 

It's not on the menu, but here's a little secret a friend shared: You can create your own half and half lunch combo! I ordered a half salad and bowl of soup which was perfect! 

The Tuscan Tomato Soup was warm, full of flavor and perfect for dipping the complimentary warm bread roll. 

The Golden Beet Salad with Quinoa, pistachios, avocado, goat cheese and other amazing goodness was in a word DELICIOUS! Seriously, if you like beets - you have to try this salad!  You can thank me later ;)

The service here was great. Staff were friendly - even came over to ask how our hike was and about my friend's FitBit fitness band. They even gave us an extra bread roll to enjoy later with our leftovers. 

I'll definitely be back! There's just too much good stuff on the menu - I want to come back and try it all!Ǿ
This little chain restaurant has been a life save for us. We are new to the area and needed something quick to eat that wasn't fast food and we love it! The service has been great dinning in and togo!! You should try it!Ǿ
For what it is, cheap easy family friendly food with a bit of a yuppie bend, its not bad.

But they messed up a grilled cheese sandwich.
How do you do that? My mom, god bless her, can't cook to save her life. None the less, she can still make a pretty damn good grilled cheese.

Its not rocket science. Let me walk Sauce through this:
- Cut slices of cheese. Precut is pretty gross.
- Put bread around cheese.
- Apply butter to the outside.
- Grill til melted.

Yet, my girlfriend's grilled cheese was horrible. Bad bread, thin on the cheese, and it tasted like heated cat turds.

I'm just not that impressed. I know lots of you love this place, but I don't for the life of me know why.

It would have been 1 star, but the mac n' cheese bought it an extra star. 

Why is it so hard to find good pizza in Phoenix. You'd think with its mob proximity to Las Vegas that it'd have better Italian food. And yet, not so much. I blame the Mormon influence on this town. Too many years of Kraft products and special underwear have really killed the food talent here.Ǿ
Been to Sauce a couple of times, and just realized that I haven't done a review for this location! We've had a couple of different things from here. During one of our visits we decided on two different specialty pizzas to try out and I have to say that it was more than enough for the two of us and then some. We ended up boxing up a couple of slices from each of them and taking it home with us.

Next go-round we were more well informed and decided on sharing a pizza with half and half toppings so we could both get the style we like most, but still share. Since we were sure to share the main dish, we were able to get the Tiramisu for dessert. 

There isn't much interaction with staff at these locations after your initial order at the front cashier. Someone brings out your meal, but drinks and all else are up to you. The cashiers on both visits were nice enough and seemed to move the line quickly. 

Overall: B+
Definitely A-OK!Ǿ
Used to be a big fan of Sauce pizza.  Took a friend to Sauce today for the first time, after raving about it for years.  The pizza was dry and tasteless, and very skimpy on the toppings.  I learned that the chain was sold by Fox Restaurants in January, and that may account for the change in quality.  Sad to say I will not be back.Ǿ
Had some gift cards for here so decided to use one. Pizza was a good shareable size, but tried a spinach and pepperoni pizza and the spinach was bad, I was actually sick all day after having it last night.Ǿ
I get the spinach and chicken salad here about once a week. It is very good and if I don't add a ton of dressing it is also pretty healthy! Additionally, it is a large enough portion that I am able to save some for later.

At about $9 it's somewhat expensive for a salad and a drink but the healthier options usually are.Ǿ
Yummy salads and very thin crust pizza. Probably the most thin crust I have ever had. The salads are all fresh which I love. This is a great spot for lunch or a light dinner.Ǿ
The absolute nicest Sauce employees you'll ever meet! Great food and service as always :)Ǿ
Come here for two things; that awesome sausage & pepperoni pizza and the broccoli chicken pasta. Enough said!Ǿ
Tried it for the first time . I ordered  their panini  .the meats were very salty.ithe place is average  at bestǾ
Great date night with Michael.  We enjoyed the summer special, salad, pizza and wine for $20.  I LOVED the thin crust, it reminded us of our favorite pizza from LaMaddalena, Italy.  I suggest to offer red pepper/spicy oil to drizzle over the thin crust pizza.  That's what we remember from living in Italy, it's so yummy!  The artichoke and portobella mushrooms was delicious!Ǿ
Not bad for fast casual Italian.  A step above the likes of Fazoli's and Pizza Hut.

Their pizza is thin and light, so you won't feel the "ball of grease" effect that you can get after richer pizza.  On the downside, they're also a little light with the sauce and cheese, as the crust cannot take as much as a pan or Sicilian crust.

The flatbread sandwiches are decent and good for lunch or a lighter meal.  The turkey, salami/ham, and meatball are all a step above Paradise Bakery's glorified "cracker" flatbread and Subway's lackluster options.  I'm not a big fan of the pasta, but my family likes it.  The lasagna wasn't spectacular, but was a solid 3.5/5.

The potato chips used to have a lovely Parmesan garlic garnish, which was eliminated.  Now they just grab chips from what looked like the same Sea Salt flavor of Cape Cod chips Costco sells.  I've also had them forget to pack my chips once.

I did not care for the Nutella trifle (not a fan of the slippery banana slices), but their cheesecake is nice, and their cookies are excellent with tons of white and milk chocolate chips and obviously lots of butter in the dough.

Call-ahead orders make takeout lunch orders pretty easy.  Gotta love convenient parking too!Ǿ
My friend and I ate have eaten here a few times, and we've always had excellent service. I love that they offer Kale Salads now and that alone deserves four stars.  I've never tried any of their pizzas, so I can't comment on the quality or the pizza tastes. I've always gravitated towards the salad selection. I don't care what other yelpers say! 4 Stars in my opinion.Ǿ
My friend and I had lunch here and split a Caesar salad and a gluten-free pizza. Their gluten-free crust is among the best gluten-free pizza I've had. We enjoyed the food and the casual atmosphere.Ǿ
the summer special deal was great, $20 for a salad pizza and two glasses of wine.  we also got the caprese bruchetta and i think i am in love.  nice people, good atmosphere, clean, quick service and good food.  don't know why we waited so long to try itǾ
The Caesar salad is delish!! I get it every time! I love the margarita-like pizza. 
The fountain drink cups are super cute and the staff is very friendly and helpful!
You get a complimentary bread with butter and it's very yummy, like fresh Italian bread. 
I would recommend if you want a great environment and a fairy cheap meal.Ǿ
Chicken pine nut Gorgonzola salad is where it's at!!! Thats my go to. The macaroni and cheese is also really good. Well shoot they have a ton of things I enjoy!

The chicken Ceaser pizza (a pizza with a salad on top) is a healthier option and still delicious. You can actually add any salad on top of a of the crust. 

The apple walnut and spinach salad is pretty tasty, as well as the tomato soup!  The paninis are all pretty great and come with a side of chips. They just added some brushetta to the menu that make great starters, and the cheesecake is an awesome dessert! 

Ask for an extra roll... Oh man their bread rolls are some of the best I've ever tasted. Believe me you will want another. 

This location has awesome service just wish there was a patio :)Ǿ
Enjoyed my Italian chopped salad. We also got a dinner roll with the salad, which was really good.Ǿ
My favorite pizza toppings are mozzarella and basil and Sauce answers my pizza needs with toppings and excellent crust.  The staff was friendly, it's clean, the prices are agreeable and you can get a Peroni while you wait for your pie.Ǿ
The menu, presentation and service were all simple.  Elegantly simple not frustrating simple.  The pizza (especially the sauce) was above average.  The wine and beer selection was simple yet not familiar.  The service was great.  Seated and served quickly even with a busy Saturday night crowd.  The salad presentation looked good and suspect anything on the menu would be worth eating. 

I definitely have to say I was impressed.  I expected some snobby venue with mediocre food and pretentious attitude.  Instead I found great food, reasonable prices and almost fast food like quick, but five star like attention service.  Definitely hope one makes it to the East side in near future Gilbert or Queen Creek.  Yelp makes a great recommendation yet again!Ǿ
I ordered the vegetable and avocado salad to go.  I would rate this a 1 or 0, except that the salad that I got tasted pretty good despite the problems.  Two problems:  
1)  Service Problem:  When I picked up, the young man who waited on me mumbles & talks fast.  The noise in the restaurant is loud and clattery, and this guy mumbles into his neck and runs everything together in a way that I couldn't hear over the restaurant patrons even though i was standing right in front of him.  Every single time he said something to me, I had to ask him to repeat it, sometimes more than once, but he never tried to speak in a normal tone.  (I have better than normal hearing.)  No matter how well he did everything else, the fact that he spoke in a way that demonstrated he didn't care about the customer was a huge black mark against customer service.  
2)  Food Quality Problem:  The worst problem is that there were only two tiny, pinky-fingernail-sized slivers of avocado!  The rest of the salad was pretty good, but come on!  If you advertise a vegetable and avocado salad, that means the avocado is noticeable and somehow the highlight of the salad.  I thought at first that there was no avocado, but I dug around in it until I found the 2 tiny slivers, which anyone else might have missed.  If I hadn't been 10 miles away when we opened the salad, I would have returned it.  Instead I'm writing to alert others.
This was our first visit, and we thought since it's a Fox restaurant and the prices are fairly high for what you get, that the quality would be good.  These two huge problems are enough to keep us from returning to this Glendale Road location.  We probably won't try any other location either.Ǿ
The pizza and pasta are so good. They have Tiramisu for under $5 for a decent sized slice.Ǿ
My favorite pizza place has just  taken a dive. First, the waitress brought our salads and before we had more than a few bites she slammed pizza on the  table. With pizza and two salad plates  both on the  table between us there was no room to reach for a slice of  pizza. My sleeve wound up in my salad. Not to mention pizza getting cold while we hurridly finished up salad. 
   We had to ask for plates for the  pizza and rolls. Then we had to ask for butter for the rolls The butter used to be included with the bread. Then companion had to go up front to retrieve a second glass of wine. We cleared our own table and removed our own plates so we didn't have to look at dirty dishes while we had second glass of wine. This was on Sunday at 3 pm and only two other tables occupied. 
     The worst part of the experience was not the poor service but the pizza. This is not the pizza crust we have loved and returned to for years. This pizza wa s not made with pizza dough.  I am sure this was lavosh. I know pizza bread. So disappointed. After so many years this place has gone really downhill.When companion complained to a couple of his coworkers about our experience they agreed and said if you want the good pizza you have to go to the Scottsdale restaurant.
      I have given  2 stars instead of  one only because the salad was good. . Poor service could be a fluke but the fake pizza dough was a manager decision. A pizza place where no one knows how to make pizza dough? Also keeping the silverware in a bucket on the table? I agree with other reviewer this is not sanitary. Think perhaps owners shouldn't  have expanded to a second restaurant nearby.Ǿ
I have to say that the concept of this restaurant is a hit in my book.  I love the casual atmosphere and how quick the food comes out. I think the concept is great in that they offer a few items done multiple ways - the menu isn't overwhelming but there is something for everyone. I've never had a single service issue like other people mention. 

The Turkey and Feta chopped salad is my favorite and I like the thin crust pizzas. My boyfriend loves the lasagna. Sauce is a quick, reasonably priced option and a great alternative to fast food.Ǿ
Overpriced upscale fast food. I spend my $ at better places... the food is average quality and overpriced... did I mention OVERPRICED?Ǿ
Omg, gluten free, egg free pizza!!! It is such a treat to come here and be able to have pizza.  They also have amazing green salads. The crust and sauce flavor aren't quite to 5 star level...a bit too sweet and lacking in Italian spice goodnees, but definitely one of the better gf experiences I've had.Ǿ
Sauce is a fantastic place to go if you're looking for great pizza, pasta, salad and wine on a budget.  For the quality of food you get, the price is really great. My mom and I split a pizza, caesar salad and two drinks and the bill was under $20 with tip, but it tasted like it was from an upscale restaurant, rather than from an order-at-the-counter bistro.  I have a few friends that go to Sauce all the time, and I've never heard anything bad about it. Anytime you're looking for great Italian food without having to pay a ton for it- go to Sauce.Ǿ
Ordered a chicken pine nut salad with a side of mac & cheese. Half of my macaroni was left without cheese, really disappointed especially for the prices here.Ǿ
Sauce would be my favorite place for pizza! Usually come here after my workout to grow! Great amazing food! Also great workers!Ǿ
Great service, great food, relaxed atmosphere. Pizza cookie with gelatin was on point. Definitely a place I will recommend and return to. Thank you Sauce for a wonderful experience.Ǿ
This place was really good. Only four stars because we got it delivered via Postmates and can't comment on anything about the restaurant itself. But the food was really flavorful. We had the pesto bruschetta, a pizza, the quinoa-beet-arugula salad, and some kids' noodles. Everything, including the dessert cookie, was devoured happily. Great food for sure.Ǿ
Impressive job done at this restaurant, as soon as you walk in you feel a warm welcome, their pizza has a very unique taste. I can't wait to return again, i want to send a shout out to the manager tiffany who has a very well trained team that night.Ǿ
Sauce is probably my favorite 'fast casual' place in Phoenix and honestly the world.  I love it.  

The service is what one would reasonably expect from a place where one orders from the counter, fills a drink on one's own, and sits to eat.  There aren't unnecessary frills, that annoying bro who comes by and asks if everything is okay, and the place doesn't get super loud.  
I like most of their pizzas but you can always hook me with 'caramelized onions' so that pizza with the sausage has been a favorite of mine for years.  I also like salad with chicken and walnuts; I normally share that with my friend Vicki when we go.  I've had their pasta dishes and other pizzas as well, I've never had something there I didn't like.  I've never had a bad experience.  

Sauce routinely has specials to draw you in or give you an excuse to treat yourself to something nice.  I don't need an excuse to go but I do need to be in town.  This is one of the places I miss the most since moving from Phoenix.  I visit often, this is always a stop.Ǿ
Quality food and good service!

My favorite is Sauce's sausage and pepperoni pizza, with red peppers, onions and mushroom.  Definitely a gourmet pizza with quality ingredients.  Although it's a small 12 inch thin crust pizza, it is satisfying and has a freshness unlike the typical heavy pizza you find at other chains.

The vegetable chopped salad is served in a generous-sized bowl.  I like the light dressing and crisp bite size veggies.

You order at the counter and your meal is brought to your table.  The servers are attentive and check to see if you need anything. This service always earns them a tip by my appreciative lunch buddy.

I look forward to a future lunch at Sauce!Ǿ
Where do you bring your family of 16 when no one can figure out what they want? Here!! There is something for everyone on their extensive but limited menu and they can piece together any combination of sauce or pasta to satisfy any picky eater.
My rowdy family ordered nearly the entire menu and the staff helped corral all of us and arrange the tables so we could all sit together.
Definitely this was a very amiable and delicious restaurant where I am sure we will visit again.Ǿ
Thin and Saucey. Fresh and cold. No I'm not talking about Nicole Richie and Paris Hilton. It's the pizzas and salads at Sauce. I normally don't like the order here, sit down there kinda restaurants. But this place does it right. I'm not going to get into NY vs. Chicago vs. California vs. Tombstone. Save that for a thread, right? I love pizza. So I love them all. Depends on my mood. These pies are delightful. My fave is the sausage and caramelized onion. The potato pizza is hella good. Spinach salad with pine nuts and goat cheese...perfect with my sausage pizza. Service is cheap and the prices are friendly. There's plenty of atmosphere and the parking is light and airy. So get Sauced. Today!Ǿ
Sauce is one of the fast-casual dining concept that seems to have sprouted in AZ -- from breakfast (Scramble) to Chinese (Pei Wei). You line up, order your grub, and the staff brings the food to your table. Not a fast food, the menu items are prepared daily. This is my go-to place when I need quick dinner without the delay of being waited at Grimaldi's or other pizza place. 

WHY GO THERE? Salad, thin-crust pizza, beer or wine. 

WHATCHAGOT? I've tried all salad but always go back for the chicken, spinach and apple salad. I like having protein without the guilt of fried chicken. Pepperoni pizza with crimini mushroom is good. I'm curious to try prosciutto and melon.

YOU GOT SERVED. Service is prompt and informal. Nothing to jump about, but nothing to frown either. 

Overall, good value when you want a quick bite.Ǿ
The food is great, the prices are up there. It's always freezing cold in the restaurant so if you're not doing takeout bring your sweater. Definitely get the side of Mac and Cheese, you won't be disappointed!!Ǿ
This review is going to be based solely on the service, as I looooove the pizza and salads here. 

We went in this past Friday, they were busy but not jam packed, there were plenty of open tables. 

There were 6 in our party. We ordered 5 pizzas and 2 salads. 

4 pizza come out pretty quickly. As the waiter (Who looked like he might be the manager, as he had on a different shirt then the rest of the staff) went to give my little 13 year old cousin her pizza he full on hits her in the head with the pizza plate. She sits there stunned, says ouch, and is holding her head where he hit her. He doesn't even say sorry, instead he says "Ive never seen that happen" and WALKS AWAY. We were all kind of shocked, no sorry??? 

So 4 pizza are on the table. My mother in law had ordered her own pizza. It become obvious they forgot. We question them on it, the server mumbles something and then another 10-15 minutes go by and out comes her pizza, again no apology. 

Ive never experienced service like this at any of the Sauce locations I've been to. 

Come on Sauce, step it up.Ǿ
We have ordered from Sauce multiple times in the last few weeks. 

Always consistently great, well prepared and generous portions we have yet to be disappointed in anything. 

We have used Postdates, which has had a couple challenges, but no fault of Sauce. GrubHub once also with challenges but no fault of the restaurant. 

Our favorites are the wild mushroom pizza with arugula, lasagna pie pizza, the quinoa beet salad, italian panini, turkey panini and of course the mac and cheese. 

Thank you so much Sauce!Ǿ
While the pizza wasn't anything to rave about, the salads, bread, and wine are great. If you're going to do classy fast-food this is definitely the place!Ǿ
Hadn't been here in about year... New staff.. Very friendly! I have been coming to Sauce for the lady 5 yrs. I go to the location on 7th str & Glendale.. Love that they know what I'm going to order before I get to the counter :)Ǿ
Sam fox restaurants are the best! Food here is pricey so when I do go it's a treat to myself! To die for....Sam Fox your rich as ever come down a little on prices! It's fast casual not fine dining!Ǿ
Been coming here for years. Just ordered my usual salad and soup and was handed a plastic cup for water. I have a thing about plastic so requested a glass and was told she would have to charge for it...charge for a freakin glass! How rude and petty. 
There was a time when someone would promptly stop by the table and ask how everything is and when I finished, dishes were promptly picked up. Not a sole asked how my dinner was this evening and empty dishes have been sitting in front of me for at least 15 minutes. Looking at 6 employees on the floor and besides me, 3 people here. Needless to say, wont be back.Ǿ
This place has gone down hill since it switch from Sam Fox restaurant group. The salad I got today for take out had a large handful or old brow/red lettuce! Disgusting.Ǿ
Sauce is another restaurant that I really want to like more, but just can't get any enthusiasm for every time I go there.  The two star rating is perfect for this place.  It's "meh".  Always just "meh".  It's never amazing, it's never terrible.  Even this review is gonna end up being "meh" simply because there's just nothing to say about the place.

If you're looking for something to eat that costs just a bit more than it's worth and leaves you feeling just a little unsatisfied, well then, Sauce is for you.Ǿ
My best friend took me here my first night in town and it was wonderful. The salads are good and the pizza even better.  We didn't have to wait long for our food.  I heard the pasta dishes are just as good.  The best part is the customer service, from the friendly cashiers, front staff and waiters to the fact that the Manager was walking around and personally asking each table how everything was.  That says a lot, especially these days when customer service is forced and non-existent in most establishments.  I would suggest going here for a good meal and relaxing environment.Ǿ
Solid pizza for pizza night. Great concept from Fox for thin crust pizzas. We order at least once a month, and can ways count on quality pizza and salads.

Very happy with the gluten free crust option- its a great alternative- and guilt-free way to enjoy pizza.

We have tried many versions of pizza, and love the Roasted Potato, as well as general staples such pepperoni and sausage. 

Absolutely LOVE their macaroni and cheese! Expect huge portions! A side is more than plenty....

Lastly- their Chicken Pine Nut salad is quality :)Ǿ
Every weekend my husband and I love to go out on a date. It is our time to be alone, relax, and have a great time together. Our favorite thing to do on date night is to eat out at a restaurant we can both agree on. We decided to try a restaurant we have never been to which is called Sauce. I was very skeptical of this place because many Italian restaurants are very similar, boring, and bland. I realized I was very wrong from the moment I walked into the door. Sauce Pizza and Wine is an excellent choice to dine out because it is affordable, has great service, and serves fresh and tasty food.   
     One of the most common reasons my husband and I eat out only once a week is because the cost is so high. At the average restaurant our bill could easily be forty dollars not including the tip for just the two of us which is quite a bit of money for a family on a budget. When we eat at Sauce we know that we are getting the best quality food for the best price. There are many places that have low prices, but many of them do not have quality service like Sauce.
     Exceptional service is a key element in choosing a restaurant and Sauce has it. As soon as we walked in the door we were greeted by smiling faces. They also waited patiently as we looked over the chalkboard menu on the wall. The line moves very quickly because the staff is very knowledgeable about their menu. After ordering, we went to find a clean table which was not difficult at all. Sauce routinely cleans all unoccupied tables to ensure that their new guests are able to sit down. Less than ten minutes later a server brought our food which was hot, fresh, and ready for us to eat. 
     Sauce has a variety of foods in which any person could find a dish to fall in love with. Most people come here for the pizza, but if you are on a healthy diet they have many delicious salads.  Each ingredient is listed in a way that demonstrates the zesty menu that Sauce provides.  
     Sauce is one of the best restaurants I have visited because the price is right, the service is exceptional, and the food is amazing. I have always felt that pizza was a food I ordered in at home because I was too lazy to make anything or did not want to wait around for a sit down meal at a restaurant. My view of pizza eateries has definitely changed because I know that Sauce is a place I can go for a quick and delicious meal.Ǿ
This was our second visit and first time with our kiddos. It will be our last!  Definitely not up to par with other FRC eateries we've been to. 

Pizza took forever to arrive (nearly 30 minutes) with nothing but our drinks to hold us thru. Our kids were excited to order chicken noodle soup, which arrived after about 15 minutes but very disappointed with the quantity of vegetables and lack of noodles and chicken. They picked thru it, with their forks and fingers (first place I've been where soup arrived without a spoon) and they were not happy. 

The two star rating is being generous given the service we received during our $42 lunch tab. During our wait I noticed how slowly the tables were bussed and was amazed at how the wait staff was so disengaged, like they would all rather be somewhere else. We noticed the manager talked with several tables, it didn't look to be a good day for him. 

When our pizza did arrive it was delicious but we were not given any plates, napkins, etc so we grabbed some from another nearby table. Very odd. 

My husband asked one of the wait staff about the soup and the manager came over to tell us how delicious it was. Not to our kids! We asked for a kids order of mac and cheese, split onto two plates. He promised it would be right over. It never made it!

We quickly ate our pizza; our kids wanted nothing to do with that! For some reason mine had green pepper instead of artichokes but I wasn't about to send it back. The kids had ordered chocolate chip cookies which came eventually and that was pretty much their meal. Really sad!

We didn't stay and wait for the mac and cheese. My son spilled his drink and we tried to clean it up by ourselves with the scant napkins we had. There were no napkins available at the drink station and no staff wanting to help so we left. 

Total bust for my Mother's Day lunch. Never going back!!!!Ǿ
Sauce = dinner on a Tuesday night; it is fast, affordable, and satisfying fare for a weekday. The tomato soup and Caesar salad are excellent. They are very generous with bread rolls, which are delicious! The lasagna is great if you're a beef eater. You have to recognize Sauce for what it is- fast pizzas, salads, and sandwiches in a casual dining atmosphere. If you're expecting gourmet or "Bianco-esque" pizza, you're at the wrong place.Ǿ
Love the gluten free pizza crust. its delicious. the salads are decent too but the chicken is kind of like a canned chicken in texture. Sometimes when I need a box for leftovers it's hard to find someone to bring one because there's no assigned waitstaff for each table. You order the food up front then sit down with a number and the food is delivered. They ask for a tip when you pay for your food but that's before the food is delivered. I'm not a fan of tipping before I receive any services. My 4 year old is obsessed with this place and I think its more because of the atmosphere/ambiance than the food. We go here at least once every couple of weeks and have yet to really be disappointed in the food.Ǿ
Absolutely love this place! They use quality ingredients and it really makes a difference. Their homemade Caesar dressing is to die for! The chicken Caesar salad pizza is one of my favorites! However, everything on their menu is great! I've yet to try their hand tossed crust but the thin crust is too good to pass up!Ǿ
What's not to love about Sauce?
It's a fantastic concept - pizza, salad and pasta (three of my favorite food groups) in a comfortable, stylish setting. The pizza crusts are paper thin, so they aren't too filling. The bread rolls they serve with the salad are yummy.
The service is impeccable, with great attention to detail, which is a norm for all of Sam Fox's restaurant concepts.
I have to say, I am a little biased - my husband worked here for 2 years and I have been coming here for 6 years. But it has never let me down!Ǿ
I work off of 16th and really wanted a panini. Usually I would go to Fresh & Easy for their mozzarella sandwhich; but, yesterday I wanted a hot one. You know... toasty bread kind. 

Seeing as how I was pressed for time, I needed some place I could call in my order and just pick up. Doing a quick iphone yelp search I found nothing. So, I went with what I knew. Sauce. 

This review is strictly based on my panini experience. I have had their pizzas, which are pretty good. But, after going there yesterday, you may have to drag me to go back to this place! 

The only non-meat option is the grilled cheese. At $6, it is a bit pricey... but I was willing to take the hit b/c I was craving. I phoned in my order, and added some arugula and tomatoes b/c lets face it... just cheese... boring. 

I get there. My total was almost $9!!! NINE DOLLARS! I was floored! I was charged a dollar for a slice and a half of a tomato! Not even a juicy slice!!! A paper thin one!!!!!!! And, of course, another dollar for arugula! 

To put the nail in the coffin, the "panini" - more of a toasted sandwhich - was so small!!! Maybe like 4 x4. I wish I could post the picture I sent to Joanna E. The sandwhich was the size of my coin purse!!!!!! 

I cannot believe it. WHAT A RIP OFF! 

I will not be returning. They cheated me. I hate cheaters!

UPDATE: 
Check out the pictures. Joanne E. posted for me. THANKS!!!Ǿ
I liked the pizza at Sauce. We tried the pepperoni and mushroom, and the chicken sausage and poblano pizzas. Both were really good, thin but chewy crust, good sauce, more than enough for one person. Cute interior, good service.Ǿ
What a great place.  They promote their pizza but their soups and salads are really fantastic. I loved the beet, arugula and quinoa salad as well as the white bean potato soup.  They have such a nice salad selection, I can't wait to go back.  I really love that they serve healthy fresh options.  They have a modest but quality selection of wine and beer as well.  The only downside is that this location is rather loud and the sound echoes across all the hard surfaces. Not a huge deal but it can make table conversation difficult if it is busy.  I'll definitely be back.Ǿ
Tried the Mac and Cheese based on previous reviews. I ordered the full order for take out.Previous reviews comment about how much food the full order is. I had debated whether I should get the full or half order, and decided to splurge. It came in a large take-out container, but the container was less than half full. Did they run out? he pasta was very al dente, and half the noodles were dry, there was barely any cheese sauce. Nothing had any flavor, the noodles nor the sauce. I had to doctor it up when I got home. Was super disappointed, because I love a good mac & cheese. The bread was good though!Ǿ
I found Sauce on a weekend trip to Tucson, and was thrilled when I found out they had Valley locations. I've eaten at the one on Thunderbird, the one in the east valley and the one on Camelback&Scottsdale, the one on Camelback being my favorite.
The pizza is WONDERFUL and so are the salads. The gem of the place (as long as you're willing to splurge on calories) is the Mac&Cheese - which is outright phenomenal. 
Highly recommended for the casual atmosphere, fast service, great food.Ǿ
Upscale fast food (think Pei Wei). Order at the counter, they cook it fresh and bring it to your table. The pizza crust is ultra thin, the ingredients fresh, the service quick. 

I had the pepperoni and mushroom pizza, spinach and goat cheese salad and mac and cheese. It was a good meal and a great price (they have excellent iced tea too).Ǿ
$5.50 for a kick ass chopped salad, very nice.   I'll go back just to try a few more salads.

Pizza has super thin crust, about half as thick as a regular tortilla, but just perfect in every way.   We created our own pizza with spinach, artichoke, and feta and it was a very good creation if I don't say so myself.   

Think of this place is a "Chipotle" style restaurant that makes pizzas, pastas, and salads.   Good prices, limited menu,  with clean contemporary interiors.   Sorry but I can't really complain, it was very good.Ǿ
Had a great pasta dish 
( chicken, broccoli, with mozzarella sauce)
Actually very good. 
Only complaint I could say was listening to the cook and his annoying whistling.Ǿ
I love this place. The caramelized onion and sausage pizza is so good! The pasta and salad is good to. I usually order pizza and a pasta or salad dish and take home what I dont eat. Small place but nice and food comes out really quick. I want to say more about this place cause my review seems small but its simply good eats. Check it outǾ
Order the Mac n Cheese!

Yummm, Sam Fox. Thank you kind sir.

Yet another fine establishment from Mr. Fox. I went here for lunch with co-workers. They both ordered the chicken n brocholi and RAVED about it. I ordered the Mac n Cheese, naturally... because I'm the youngest in the crew. But the noodles are a funny teacup style. The make a funny noise if you stab them with your fork while they're upside down. But in all seriousness, the sauce is so rich and creamy and really gives the cheddar a new flavor with the pamasean shreads on top. It's heavenly.

The ONLY reason I gave Sauce a 4 instead of a 5 was I was slightly (very slightly) disappointed in the interior. I have been to other Fox establishments and the interior is something to marvel at, but Sauce was just average. The picture do do it justice and it really is a more simple, easier Fox concept. But for being in a strip mall and as delish as it is I wil overlook the simplicity of the decor.

Will go back!Ǿ
We go there at least once a week. The prices are reasonable, the portions are good and the food is excellent. Additionally, the service is excellent. Definitely make this part of your regular restaurant rotation.Ǿ
I am a regular at Sauce and have had many dishes. Every time the food has been fresh and made in a timely manner. Also enjoy the atmosphere of the place. Could be a little more friendly with the bread rolls. Overall have had solid experiences at Sauce.Ǿ
Great pizza and great service.  The staff is friendly and the establishment is always clean when we are here. My son is a picky eater but enjoys the pizza. High chairs are in the back, so just ask for one if you need it for your little one.Ǿ
Always great service and love the Summer $20 special. Sauce is one of the few places that serves Naked Snowqualmie Reisling--and it's delicious with a Chicken Pinenut Salad along side their pizza--ANY pizza, in fact. Our family eats here at least 1x each week--especially for our Wednesday Family Movie Night!Ǿ
I was passing by 7th Street and Glendale with an itch on my tongue for something  sweet.  Should I run into Safeway and deal with the multitude of aisles and lin--  hey there's Sauce!  I've yet to try their desserts.

It was already late and only a few tables were occupied.  More importantly there was no line at the register.  Score!  Let me just pop in there and grab a cookie.  

During a prior visit, an amigo of mine told me the cookies were good.  It looked good in his hand, too!  So on this particular night when the cashier informed me that a batch of their triple chocolate chip cookies had just gone into the oven, I decided to wait the 20 minutes or so that it would take for them to finish baking.  

And how yummy would it be to have one freshly out of the oven?  Right?  Right?  Am I right?  Ooh, I could hardly wait.

Fast forward...to my utter disappointment.  What the heck happened?  You call that a cookie?  I think (maybe) someone got the recipe wrong.  For the customers' sake, I'm hoping it was a simple recipe mistake.  

I don't cook, so I understand how difficult all the mathematics of a recipe can be. A tablespoon here, a teaspoon there, here a half cup, there a quarter cup, everywhere a whole cup.  Maybe whoever made the dough that evening put too much or not enough of something.

The dough was so oily it could not even hold itself together.   And I don't think they use butter.  Butter doesn't feel like that.  This was, this was...sad.  Just sad.  I didn't even put it into my mouth.  The oily residue on my fingers probably would have worked wonders rubbed into my dry wintered skin, but inside my gut.  No thanks.Ǿ
There is no such thing as great pizza in AZ.  This pizza is pretty good though... but it isn't REAL pizza.  Real pizza crust is not flaky pastry.  Flaky pastry tastes good, but it isn't real pizza.  REAL white pizza isn't devoid of garlic and other Italian flavors.  What i ate was good without traditional seasonings and garlic, but it wasn't pizza.  I couldn't even make excuses and say it was like real pizza in Italy because it wasn't, but it tasted good.

Beer selection wasn't bad.  They have options for a wide range of tastes.

I like the atmosphere.  It is casual cafeteria style, but the interior is very comfortably decorated for my taste.  Red(head) is my color and this place is shades of tomato and olive green.

Their chop salads are good too... but they aren't chopped.  Nuff said.Ǿ
Can't go wrong with the food or service at Sauce. Stopped in for lunch and had the mac & cheese and it was great like always. I know I will certainly be back again soon since I now work in the area.Ǿ
I like this place a lot.  The food is gourmet and not expensive at all.  It's a very relaxed atmosphere and kids are welcome but you still get an elegant feel somehow without any stress.  The meatball panini is superb.  The ice tea is very good.  The nutella trifle is a perfect ending.Ǿ
Fast food meets fine(ish) dining - a bit bizarre in my book.   It's a strange combination.  Wine.....with your fast food.  Dinner rolls .....served in paper bags.  

Though I will say the food was decent.  The hubs and I got 2 different pizzas and a salad to share.   Their cheese pizza was pretty good - the fresh basil is a nice touch.  And my hubs enjoyed his spinach-topped pie as well. While the food was tasty I thought the prices were a titch high - especially since you're not getting regular table service.Ǿ
The pizza and salad are always great!! Went today and got the sausage and caramelized onion pizza and the salad with beets (I don't remember the name). Great family place.Ǿ
Salads  are great. But it seems the profit margins have been boosted by shrinking the portions. Order for take away get far more. Order it for eating in and it shrinks. 

The service is fantastic. They are not getting tips but kept on checking how we were. If they could top up out iced teas. Excellent service. 

Ps. Actually maybe the portions are fine. Making them a little smaller worked perfectly. Great placeǾ
This place is the definition of OK. Not great and not bad either. Good for a family, but not really a date place. If you want something hot, quick, low key and moderately tastey, then this is the place for you.Ǿ
Maybe I'm spoiled and expect too much out of pizza restaurants, but for some reason I just wasn't  impressed with this place. It was my first time at a Sauce restaurant too. I think I'm just not a fan of the "pei Wei" style ordering. I want to sit and have a waiter/waitress come to me. 

The food was eh. I got the Mac and cheese side, which is pretty big for a "side" and the basil, fontina, and Mozzarella pizza. It was ok; nothing to rave about. 

Prices are good. Cheap and reasonable. 

I wouldn't dismiss this place if someone suggested it, but I won't be recommending it.Ǿ
Our order taker/cashier was kind of rude. There wasn't anyone behind us but she was very impatient. They now leave the silverware in a bucket on the table. This is so unsanitary.  People coughing and talking now ver the silverware. Kids could be playing with it. Who knows what's on it. One of our orders was not right and im pretty sure the cooks just removed some of the salad and added stuff rather than remake the order as is what should be done. We rarely have a poor experience here so I'm going to assume this was a fluke and will return but info feel it has gone a little downhill since Fox sold it.Ǿ
My favorite place! Love all the choices! Staff is great! Fast and courteous service. Always taking home leftovers!Ǿ
Love the food here. Great service, too. My favorite is the rosemary potato pizza, with pesto chicken added.Ǿ
On upon going to the bathroom a employee didnt close the door and kicked the door close.   In which he was throwing up after seeing this my appetite gone away.Ǿ
I love pizza and salad. Always. :) Sauce has both of those so of course I like it!

First, know that this is not the super greasy, huge, cheesy slices that we also love! The pizza here is more like that on a diet. :D If you aren't into the fresh, light, healthy kinda pizza, then I wouldn't recommend it. I got the Mushroom and arugula pizza which was pretty good! I would say maybe there is too much arugula piled up on top to the point where you feel like you're eating a full on salad. But it's not a big deal to me. Just take some off. 

The salads here are pretty good. I like the chicken, pine nuts, tomato, and gorgonzola. I'm don't usually order salad because they don't feel like a meal to me but that one is really good. 

I like the style of ordering here although I've read that some people don't like it. It's similar to wildflower, where you line up, look at the menu on the walls and order at the counter. Then, they bring your food to your table along with some rolls if you would like. This is a pretty quick and efficient way of getting your food and the servers are really nice! I was surprised that they even refilled my drinks for me at the self-service fountain.Ǿ
Service and consistency has improved since my negative review I felt the need to update.Ǿ
No menus, just what's on the chalkboard in the hallway leading to the cash registers? So you can't see the menu while ordering!Ǿ
We stood there for about 10 minuets and didn't even get a hello. Like seriously not an acknowledgement that we were there. We felt invisible and everybody had just a pissed look on there face. Defentialy won't be coming back.Ǿ
Every girl I know that lives in Phoenix ranks this place as one of her Top Five lunch spots around, but I'm still not sold on it. Sure, now and again I'll want to have a lighter, healthier lunch (something other than a burrito - I like to mix it up) and Sauce is good for that. But I feel like it tries to be upscale without actually being upscale, and casual without actually being casual either. It's in that strange netherworld where you're not sure if you're overdressed or overly caj, overfed or underserved, overpaying or overexpecting. 

The thin crust pizzas are actually really good, but light, so if you have a serious appetite don't be surprised if it don't need a box to take home extra slices. The house pizzas have interesting topping blends like artichoke hearts and sundried tomatoes (err . . . maybe that's not that interesting. What can I say? I like heavy things with meat on them that you can empty entire jars of parmesan cheese onto. Any deviation from dense cheese and meat is "interesting" to me). 

They bring your food to your table (Pei Wei style) with one piece of packaged bread. This also slightly irks me. The bread is really good but they can't spring for baskets? If you're looking for New York style pizza that drips with cheese and thick pepperoni pieces, Sauce isn't your spot. For a light afternoon lunch or snack and a glass of wine, it gets the job done.Ǿ
I just wanted to say how extremely disappointed I am with my order. I placed an order for delivery and first off I ordered the supreme pizza and only got a pizza with mushrooms and onions. Second I ordered the broccoli cheese and chicken pasta with extra sauce, well there's no extra sauce and the pasta is undercooked. Every time I pass by this restaurant it looks so intriguing and thought I would get something at least decent but this uncooked pasta???

Very disappointed customerǾ
We get Sauce salads to go for dinner a lot.  My favorite is the chicken with pinenuts and I usually substitute the blue cheese for goat or feta and I get the vinaigrette instead of the dressing it comes with.  It's delicious and filling.  The chicken is shredded and always cooked perfectly, it tastes like rotisserie chicken.  It also comes with a tasty dinner roll and butter.  I'm not really a fan of their pizzas because they are too thin for my liking, but I know some people that really do like them.  I've also had the shells and meatballs which I love, the sauce is delish!  I recommend for take out or a laid back dinner.  You can order beer and wine.  They don't really have wait service, you order and pay up front and then they bring you the food.Ǿ
I've seen this concept popping up recently and have had good expierience and unfortunately with "Sauce" bad ones as well. Luckily the comradely between other jilted customers almost makes the meal tolerable. Beside the fact that the service for a 12 inch pizza takes about 30 minutes the topping that come on the pizza are slim to none. Keep in mind the restaurant was less than half full. We had many tables around us too complaining of the same issues of lack of toppings and  with peoples meals coming out of the kitchen staggered to the point where there is no possible way for groups to eat together. And now for the kicker..... The pizza was terrible, it left an intolerable bitter after taste. For your money you are better off going to Peter piper pizza or even fired pie down the road. We also found a hair in the pizza. :-/Ǿ
This is a favorite for me and my friends. I love the concept of this place. The prices are great, the atmosphere is great, and the food is delicious. The tiramisu is wonderful. I just love this place. I always bring new people, and they always love it . It's family friendly too. Check it out!Ǿ
Pizza is unique and may not appeal to all Pizza Lovers!  Ultra thin crust and toppings very light!  For example when I picked up the box (carry Out) it felt empty.  Good taste!  Mac & Cheese bland and not cheesy enough for me.  Nice trendy atmosphere quick service but for the price Pizza Hut's thin crust leaves me more satisfied.Ǿ
Love this place. I went here every weekend for a month. Mainly for the spinach apple and walnut salad. It's my favorite. I also like the bruschetta. The pizza is ok. The mac n cheese is ok as well. I really just go for the salad.Ǿ
Sauce is well, Sauce. If you haven't been to one, it's worth checking out. Just don't get overly zealous about it. 
Basic casual dining. Order at the counter, get a number, fill your drink, and head on over to sit at a table that's a tad too small and wait for your food (Which is generally not long at all! They are speedy!) 
They do have beer and wine offered and specials at times for 2. (Pizza, salad, and wine for 20 bucks). The wine is always a little on the lukewarm side, but I ain't too proud to ice it down (though I would prefer not to, really). 
The salads are spectacular. VERY fresh spinach and other ingredients. I would recommend these over anything else on the limited menu. The pasta dishes are also fresh, hot and seem quality. I'm not bagging on the pizza here, because it's fine. It's just not what I expect from Fox. It's never hot, always greasy and basically bland. I do have to give credit for them altering the dishes to make veggie friendly and never seem put off by doing so. The service is also consistently friendly and welcoming. Each time here a manager has checked on us. Plates are clean, silverware and glasses clean and tables clean. It's like Fox concepts meets a tiny, boring diner setting with no "flair". 
If in the area, it's worth checking out if you are hungry. I really have nothing bad to say about Sauce. It just "is".