this one of two locations in brampton i trust for fish and chips, and it doesn't get better then this. located at main and vodden it is a prime location to sit down and have a decent hearty meal for a great price, the wait staff are ALWAYS on point and attentive to the diners needs. in the years of eating here, i've NEVER had a bad experience, as others have stated, the portions are amazing and the consistency is always there. 
i don't have a bad thing to say about it!Ǿ
My father has been coming here for over 30 years and although I now reside in Houston, Texas I still come back here every time I'm in town. You can't beat the crispy brunch batter. The poutine and onion rings are solid as well. The poutine gravy is rich without being overly salty, and the onion rings have the same crunch as the fish. I get the halibut plate sub poutine.  You have to try this place out - you won't be disappointed.Ǿ
Excellent quality fish and chips and related treats. Obviously greasy without being overly so. Prices are a little more reasonable that "the other" big fish and chip place in Brampton. Recommended.Ǿ
the fish and chips is good, there needs to be a little more fish in the batter but fries are fresh cut, tartar sauce and malt vinegar are available
located at vodden and main (brampton) btw there is a lunch special 
$5.95 plus tax (cheap)Ǿ
Mimi's is vastly superior. For less money, I get more fish, less greasy, tastier  batter, and a lot more food!  Mimi's portions are much larger, and, in my opinion better tasting. Henry's family dinner gives you coleslaw and/or gravy, but honestly...so? I'd rather have 2 extra portions of fish and a box twice as big of chips. We tried it tonight just to see. We will not be back...thanks anyway Henry!Ǿ
Easily the best fish and chips in Toronto.  I tried every fish and chips joint around the GTA and nothing compares to Henrys.  I live I'm Markham and I am willing to drive 1 hour to come to Brampton just to have a taste.  Portion for fish is decent. Battered in house,  light and crisp.  Fries are freshly cut,  and they use hot enough gravy to melt the cheese curds. It's cheap,  fast,  and good.Ǿ
Best fish and chips in Brampton. Heritage Fish and Chips has their devotees, but I'm here to tell you that Henry's is where it's at.

Halibut portions are large, and the servings of fries are just ridiculous - 2 hali, 1 fry generally does my wife and I fine. Their cod is done well, too, actually has a flavour besides "deep-fryer".

The place itself is cheap looking, the service is mostly high school kids so there's some luck of the draw involved - you're going to a fish & chip joint, I think that's not a big surprise.

This isn't championship fare, and you will feel greasy upon exiting the ride, but grease is a big part of why you came, right? Prices are typical, I wouldn't call them cheap, but then halibut is expensive everywhere, these days.Ǿ
Delicious and fairly priced. Their fish portions are HUGE and their battered mushrooms are to die for! I would give a solid 5 stars but it lost points with me on the fries; which are very thick, I'm not a fan of big thick chunky fries. 

The atmosphere is decent with lots of seating. The staff is alright, not top notch servers but they do serve and don't spend a lot of time standing around doing nothing. 

All in all.. great food with big pieces of fish! Great little placeǾ
They're pretty good, but I prefer Mimi's fish and chips.

The problem with Henry's is everything is too greasy for me. The fish has so much batter on it that it picks up extra grease, and overpowers the flavour of the actual fish inside. And the fries stayed in the deep fryer a minute or two too long, soaking up extra grease (although they still came out crispy, not soggy).

Also, a warning about this Henry's location. They're located in the same plaza as a Henry's camera store, so make sure you've got the right one before you park!