I have dined several times at Punderson Manor's Cherry Room Restaurant. The view is lovely from  pulling up to the breathtaking Manor,  to the view over looking the lake and grounds of Punderson Park. The Cherry Room is beautiful and classy until you get kids screaming, since it is a family resort. Food is always good, while service has always been EXTREMELY poor!!!! Everyone looks soooo sad!!  They never ask how our meal is and not attentive at all! I will only dine here if I have a coupon. I got the chipotle rubbed honey mustard glazed salmon which was delicious. If you like a kick to your food, this would not be for you. No kick whatsoever. Very good, but disappointing on the kick! My husband got the lemon garlic chicken which was good. Terrible looking at tables out on the patio NEVER being cleared and checks not picked up. Not very identity safe and worry about if cash tips ever reach the correct staff. Dirty grounds out on the patio with a major water leak coming from who knows where. Love the manor and nature atmosphere, strongly dislike staff and service.Ǿ
I was excited to have dinner at the hotel since it's a little off the beaten path and there is a fantastic view out of the dining room. The hostess and server were both very curt. They got the job done, but we all suffered. They brought me a thimble full of wine. I ordered the apple and Brie quesadilla, which sounded great but was executed very poorly. I have to believe it was just a bad night and the wrong thing to order. The hotel and staff were great.Ǿ
We never knew there was a Sunday brunch buffet here despite living less than 10 minutes away!  So when the friendly park superintendent let us in on one of Geauga County's "Best Kept Secrets" we made a reservation and stopped in the next day.

The restaurant is on the first floor of the hotel-like lodge Punderson Manor, State of Ohio-owned but privately-run by the Xanterra Group.  If driving from State Rte 87 (between Auburn Road and Rte 44), you need to drive deep into Punderson State Park to find the manor.  Once there parking is plentiful off to the side of the building.  Be careful for pedestrian traffic as there is a pool and several cabins nearby!

We were there promptly for the start of brunch at 10:00 although the place had already been open for their usual breakfast menu.  We had been cautioned to make a reservation for earlier in the day as the place was expected to be crowded for Sunday brunch.  At first we were curious about this pearl of wisdom as we were only the second ones seated but about 45 minutes later the larger groups started filtering in.  Good advice - earlier the better.

It's not a very big restaurant but the views by the window are quite nice.  Beyond the outdoor seating area immediately outside our window the grassy knoll slopes into a thick bastion of trees and waters of glacial Punderson Lake - the largest natural lake in Ohio.  Of course we were very happy to enjoy this view in comfortable air conditioning rather than sweat it outside. 

Now the food.  I have to be careful here judging the restaurant solely on its Sunday bunch buffet (our only visit so far) because any buffet will suffer that slight cafeteria-like quality caused by cooking for quantity and the ravages of what chafing dishes can do to ingredients.  But here goes...

For about $19/person, the buffet was better than just decent but had nothing that truly crossed into spectacular or sublime.  Not divinely flavorful but certainly not bland.  Nothing to complain about and, all in all for a brunch buffet, we were satisfied enough to want to come back time and time again.

The selection of their Sunday brunch buffet included the standard fare of scrambled eggs, bacon, and bangers (not cheap link sausage).  There were biscuits & gravy, herbed potatoes, and herbal chicken.  A variety of fruit salad, cold plates, and pastries were also offered.

One of the two highlights of this Sunday brunch buffet is the meat carving station.  The prime rib was decent - not as flavorful or tender as nearby competitors (see: Dutch Country Restaurant in Middlefield or JD's Post House in Parkman) but will do the trick on a Sunday morning.  However, the omelet bar, of course being the other highlight, with the usual assortment of meats and veggies was definitely a winner.

Again for Sunday brunch?  Definitely - and many more to come.  If we don't keep stuffing ourselves with brunch, we may even have room to try out dinner sometime!  ;)Ǿ
Been here 6 or7 times thank you for coupons I know it's a state park service is way below price of meal help in dinning room r doing other duties not taking care of tables if u come here just order a sandwich that's the service u would expect not for a dinner  I'll just come here if I have coupon service is always the same not happy always depressedǾ
Went to the Cherry Dining room for thanksgiving dinner and our party of 4 had 2:30 reservations we did not get seated till 3:50. Yes an hour and twenty minutes! And we only got seated after I made a scene because they where taking a party of 10 in that had 3:00 reservations. Once seated at a still dirty table the server half a$$ cleaned it and the linens where wet (good thing because I finished cleaning the table with it) and they didn't even give us silverware till we asked them twice. We've been there before for holidays and never had a problem. On a side note the food was good and probably would have been better if we were in a better mode. I hope they can fix the manager problem but I'll probably will never go back.Ǿ
My first time at the lodge at Punderson but I have to say I will return.  Quiet and good.  Not a large menu but something for everyone.  View of the lake is great and service is good.  Several different Gins to choose from at the bar (which I like).   Prices are reasonable.  Try it, you'll like it.Ǿ
One Saturday, we were driving around with the intent to "go somewhere new, and see where we end up!" We ended up at Punderson State Park. Best unanticipated lunch ever!

We weren't able to explore the park because it was in off-season, but we were happy to stumble across this adorable little restaurant. 

It's admittedly a little hard to find; we walked into the manor and were a little confused as to where we should go. But we were soon brought into a little intimate dining room and seated by the window. 

The view was absolutely beautiful. It was a crisp fall day, and looking out at the lake with the changing leaves all around it was an experience, to say the least. 

As if that weren't appealing enough, then we ate. I had chicken salad and lobster bisque. The chicken salad was very good, and the lobster bisque was absolutely to die for. I could eat that all day, every day, and never get sick of it! So good. My boyfriend got the all-you-can-eat special, which included turkey and ham. He let me try it and that was also delicious.

In short, we concluded that we definitely needed to come back and check out the park. But when we do, we will absolutely be revisiting this adorable spot! So glad we stumbled upon it.Ǿ
Where to start.  Spent the weekend there and had two meals. One night for dinner on the patio and one Sunday brunch. 

The dinner on the patio was unimpressive. The food not bad, the service good. The Chicken Cordon Blue was about a 7 out of 10. Overpriced though. The patio was disappointing, not very well taken care of.  Lacking ambiance for such a manor with a beautiful view. 

The brunch was horrible and that's putting it nice.  The scrambled eggs were old, the bacon soggy and limp. The biscuits and gravy were disgusting. The biscuits hard and dry, the gravy was so thick ya had to beat it off the spoon and I think they forgot the sausage in the gravy. Not to mention it was lacking any discernable flavor whatsoever.  The coffee was weak. 

Beautiful manor and great weekend getaway, but go eat somewhere else.  

Take a little drive up to Zeppes pizza or head over to the Iron Horse Saloon.