I love the food here, but the take out is horrible. I called to place an order and was put on hold for almost 5 minutes. I finally hung up and called back. They answered and took my order immediately so I'm pretty sure they'd completely forgotten about me the first time. Then the girl on the phone couldn't answer my very basic question and had to ask someone else. When I got there, they hadn't even started making my food. After several minutes, I had to grab someone's attention to remind them I was standing there waiting for my order. And even then, it took a few minutes for someone to start on my order. What's the point of take out? I could have just come in and waited in line and it would've been less hassle.Ǿ
I don't know what everyone else is eating here, but I have eaten here 2 times and no one in my family liked the food, and I couldn't even eat it. I assume they think of themselves in the Baja Fresh/Rubios/Chipotle style of restaurant, but this place has a really weird vibe.  I am very forgiving when it comes to food, and I love those other burrito places and generally am happy to eat any mexican food, but this place crossed the line of decency.  The first time I was here I got a sort of chicken burrito, it was gross, could not taste the chicken through the sauces and junk on it and did not finish (I always finish).  My kids got taco and nachos and didn't eat much, I tried them and understood why.  2nd visit I got a sort of steak burritto, and kept it fairly plan.  Again, it was not very good.  The meat was sweet and just not good.  The family also not impressed again.  The towards the end of the meal a worker came by with a mop and was mopping the floor of the room we were in, while we were in it (cornering us).  The mop water was so foul smelling that we just had to leave.  Bad experiences.  This place has a very weird vibe.  Nothing lively about their food,  Although the smell did remind me of the coast, but not the coast I like to visit.Ǿ
If they just had more locations I envision this place being the ultimate 'Chipotle-Killer'. I know it's a bit taboo to love chain restaurants here on Yelp... but I can't help it, Costa Vida has got the goods. 

It's all about their sweet pork... whether in a taco or burrito the stuff is made of WIN. They cook all of their tortillas fresh as you order, so when you walk into the place your nose is hit with the delightful aroma of freshly cooked flour tortillas. The concept should be familiar... walk through the line and build your meal as they cook it; just like Chipotle/Q'Doba/Cafe Rio. What sets Costa Vida apart for me is the freshness... I enjoy Chipotle on occasion but it seems like much more of a manufactured product, as to where Costa Vida looks and taste much more home-made. 

This is the type of place you can go to hungry and leave full, the food isn't greasy so it's filling in a good way. Easily recommendible! 4/5. 

P.S. Can someone explain to me why there are so many Mormon owned Mexican restaurants in the East Valley? It's always perplexed me. (I.E. Bajio, Cafe Rio, and this place just to name a few).Ǿ
Alrighty Burrito fans, this is one you otta try! I'm giving this place 3.5 stars since you definitely get a bang for your buck! I came here between a study session to get something fast, easy, and worth my money. 

I ordered the sweet pork burrito and its sweet and very tasty! The burrito is HUGE and only ~$8! Come on a Monday and its only ~$5! Like the size of a Chipotle burrito but maybe bigger! It's so huge, I cut the burrito in half and save the rest for lunch the next day. The contents of the burrito included rice, black beans, sweet pork, medium sauce, and cheese. For an extra $1 you can get sauce and extra cheese on top. I'm a fan of the burrito since I enjoy sweet pork. On the side was lettuce and tomatoes. My goodness... this burrito was almost the size of a plate! 

Onto the ambiance-- its a bit dark and lacks a cozy/welcoming feel. Overall, I'd say come for the burrito, it won't disappoint!Ǿ
Just went to the new Goodyear location (13233 W McDowell). Never been to Costa Vida before, but we will be back! New flavors, great service, helpful people with unusual pride for a fast food restaurant. We tried the mango chicken salad, sweet pork enchillada, raspberry chipolte chicken enchilada, chile verde,and chicken burrito. Everything was above expectation! We went back for dessert - tres leches and cinnamon tortilla - a nice finish. Really surprising food quality!Ǿ
One pof my favorite take out Mexican food places.  Their Sweet Pork Salad is zoo good!  This place is usually a busy place and lines can be long, but they get the food to you fast.Ǿ
My favorite place to have fresh and fast mexican food without feeling like I'm having fast food.  My favorite item on the menu is anything as long as it is made with their famous sweet pork.  I have never had pork this sweet with such a great mexican flavor.  Conveniently located just south off the US-60 on Val Vista Dr in Mesa AZ.  I think this restaurant is just as good as any full service Mexican restaurant with the convenience of a fast food restaurant.  Highly recommended!Ǿ
I had never been here  but seen it for years. It is one of my boyfriends favorites and I am now hooked. He loves the sweet pork and while I like it, it is a little sweet for me so I usually get one of the other great meats. I love their nachos, they put a ton of stuff on them and they are very tasty. Reasonable food, always tastes fresh, and the whole family loves it. Clean nice atmosphere. Quick service.Ǿ
My favorite place!  Sweet pork burrito with mango salsa in the middle and medium on top smothered with cheese!Ǿ
Sweet pulled pork enchiladas.  Was really good.  But after eating half I felt it was too sweet.  Service and place was great. Will eat here again.Ǿ
This place is amazing!! Well, other than they are always super busy and the wait can be long sometimes, but that's just because everyone loves their food soo much. My husband loves their burros and I always get their sweet pork salad. De-lic-ious! Totally worth the wait.Ǿ
The chicken tacos were great and the homemade tortillas they make right in front of you, and the way they grill the tortilla with your food is awesome.  I asked for the raspberry chipotle sauce, which goes on your taco's, burrito's, etc.,  on the side rather than have them put it on my tacos for me.  I think its the best way to go, as the chicken was good by itself.  This way you can add as much or as little of the raspberry chipotle or mango sauce to your food as you want.  I put a small amount on my rice and beans and ate the tacos as is, with sour cream.  I actually meant to order a burrito but I said tacos.  When I got to the cashier I asked her if she could put beans on my tacos, because I really like the beans and rice in burritos.  She added a small amount of beans to each taco and then asked me if I wanted beans and rice on the side and I took her up on the offer.  The place was packed and very clean.  I like the atmosphere and decor over Chipotle.  There seems to be a lot of places like Chipotle doing it better these days.   I really enjoyed my food and would order the same items the same way again, although on my next visit I will give the burrito a try.  Again, the food is good and the tortilla is awesome.Ǿ
I'm seriously obsessed with this place. My husband and I go every Monday because it is sooo delicious. The sweet pork is to die for! Absolutely recommend. Just avoid around dinner time because the line never ends!Ǿ
Food was delicious! Just bummed this location doesn't offer the student discount like the QC location does...Ǿ
Quick little tip: Their new honey habernero salsa is da bomb!!! Spicy but sweet, loves it!!!Ǿ
YUM! Seriously Sweet pork salad is ALWAYS fantastic, fresh and quick to grab when in a hurry!Ǿ
This spot is a weekly regular!  Mouthwatering food for a decent price!  I crave the sweet pork salad here.  And everyone who gets it can't stop ordering it!   So fresh and made right there when you order.Ǿ
I love this place!  Cheaper than Cafe Rio and the service is excellent.Ǿ
Love this place. I've since moved away from Mesa, but when I come to town I visit here every time. Their sweet pork salad is a must have. It's always clean and friendly. It's always busy in there, which speaks for itself.Ǿ
Mmmmmmmmmm. I would eat the sweet pork slathered on just about anything.

Except that.Ǿ
Love costa Vida for a quick dinner date or with the family! Delicious and fun atmosphere.Ǿ
Get the sweet pork burrito smothered with cheese and red enchilada sauce...oh and be very HUNGRY!Ǿ
Love the food! Service is terrible. This location is always so poorly understaffed. We do a lot of to go orders and every time it's an additional 10-20 minutes on top of the 20 minutes they quote on the phone. I don't understand why they can't figure their concept out and make it run more efficiently. Chipotle does it. 

If you're not in a hurry and not hungry order a sweet pork salad. Otherwise head over to Cafe Zuppas where the service is always fast and friendly.Ǿ
Love this place! Always good and quick! Sometimes when I come I feel like they don't give me much meat when I get the salad but other than that they are great!Ǿ
Came in for Taco Tuesday--which seems like the most economical way to eat tacos here! $1.50 per taco instead of close to $5 per taco. There are also daily specials.
Tried the grilled chicken, sweet pork, and raspberry chipotle chicken tacos. All very testy, but my fave was the sweet pork. Very tasty! 
Beware, lines start about 6:15pm and are dozens of people deep! Lines move quickly for the ordering, but backs up at the registers. 
The woman behind me ordered a salad, which started with a homemade tortilla on the bottom, all the other fixings, then lettuce on top. 
Will likely be headed back to try the salad and nachos, they both looked delish!Ǿ
It's a busy place. The line was long, but went fairly quick. Seating is limited and it was loud. I can let that go though as it was lunch hour in a rather large plaza.  

The sweet pork tacos were what I went with because all the tips pointed me there and, well, that's what I went to try!  They were good, but the chicken tacos were so much better! I prefer salt and spice over sweet though, so choose accordingly. The salsa was full of flavor and the tortillas are handmade right in front of you! The chicken is grilled behind the counter... Looked like it might be dry, but it most definitely was not. And the rice... Cilantro lime rice. Honestly, I didn't taste the lime, but it was great anyhow. 

Delicious! I was afraid to admit that I found this place on Yelp (my bf threatened to ban me from Yelp after two disappointing picks, lol). Even he was satisfied with this one! :-)Ǿ
First time here today and it was alright. I got the sweet pork burrito (~$7 or $8), and if you'd like to try it too, my suggestion: come on a Monday because it's the daily special  ($5), you'll be able to save a couple bucks.

My burrito maker suggested the green salsa with the burrito, but to be honest, I didn't taste anything except the juicy pulled pork. It was pretty good, but too sweet for my taste. FYI: I'm definitely not a sweets person, I love salty and spicy food.

The burrito is very large, and it comes with rice, beans, choice of meat, choice of salsa, and cheese, and for $1 extra - you can get the enchilada which has extra salsa and cheese melted on top of the burrito. You can also get fresh pico de gallo-like salsa and lettuce on the side for free.

I actually prefer Chipotle over Costa Vida. The burritos at Costa Vida appear larger, but content wise, I think overall is comparable. I love Chipotle's corn salsa mix, and the steak is delicious. I study a fair amount at Barnes & Noble and Paradise Bakery in Dana Park, so maybe next time I'll try the steak burrito at Costa Vida.Ǿ
This is our goto semi quick Mexican food.  The fresh tortillas being made right in front of you are awesome. I like the setup of the restaurant (or as you go and take back to table with you). The wife loves their sweet pork taco salad and I can't stop ordering the basic cheese enchiladas.  It's usually busy which helps to turn over the food faster.  There us plenty of seating and outdoor seating also.  They usually have surf flicks playing on the big screen.Ǿ
Depending on how much you like this place, you could describe it as either a rip-off of or an improvement to the Chipotle model of dishing out sort-of Mexican food. Personally, I think it's a wash: Costa Vida does a few things better and a few things worse.

At Costa Vida, you have the option of ordering hard tacos, a burrito, a bowl, or nachos. Once you've decided the basic configuration, the real fun begins. You pick one of four meats, one of two different beans, one or more of the numerous salsas, and whatever you want of the standard toppings. They really pile things on here, which is a definite plus, and that makes the food here a pretty good deal. On the other hand, not all the options are wonderful. The tacos are noticeably smaller portions than the other options and the chips in the nachos often turn to mush under the wetter toppings. Of the salsas, several are tasty, but none of them appropriately spicy. But, that may actually appeal to you.

I think what's going to make it or break it for you with Costa Vida is how well you like the much lauded sweet pork. Everything else at Costa Vida is pretty unadventurous and safe; the sweet pork is really what sets this place apart. Basically, it's slow cooked pork, shredded up in a very sweet reduction that I would bet money is made out of a cola. The meat is very tender, but I found the sauce to be rather cloying, almost syrupy. I've heard it described as being like a dessert, and I don't think that is very far off. Some people love it, but I couldn't do it. It was just too sweet and an odd complement to the cheese, sour cream, lettuce, tomato, etc. To me, it the sweet pork seems like a better fit for a Southern restaurant. 

If it sounds like you may like this sweet pork, give the place a shot. There is often a big line to get food, but this is an efficiency kitchen and they handle rushes with aplomb. I found the dining area awfully loud and uncomfortably packed, but the seating outside alleviates most of that. Still, it's a little hectic for me, especially since I'm not impressed by the food. Get it to go or sit outside, that's my advice.Ǿ
Once you eat here, you'll never want to go to another Chipotle-like place again.  The food here is amazing, and it all boils down to the sweet pork.  So delicious, and if I'm ever unfortunate enough to have to head to the electric chair, a sweet pork burrito from this place is definitely on my last meal list.  The line can be long during lunch hour, but the wait is definitely worth it.  And it can be a bit noisy inside from all the people - but again, still worth it.

Side note:  for all new mothers, I swear that this place must be listed on some official list of places to take your little one and meet up with other mothers with their little ones, because I'm always shocked at how many moms and kids are in this joint during lunch hour.Ǿ
Love the sweet pork nachos.Ǿ
This is the spot for Mexican food in the area. The burritos are huge! And everything taste fresh. From the sweet pork to the queso, there's nothing there I wouldn't try. And even though they always seem to be packed, there's enough seating both inside and outside. Rather it's lunch or dinner (or both), it's money well spent.Ǿ
I called last week to inquire about catering our holiday party. We have a lady in our offer who has Celiac and CV is all GF so we were excited to order form here this year. I was speaking with the manager and he was incredibly short with me and the 4-5 questions I was asking. Simple things like the order minimum, if they include chafes, little things. He finally RUDELY interrupted me and asked if I had any other questions. I was a bit put off and I politely said, "I guess not, thank you!" and he immediately hung up. 

After that conversation we decided to go back to Cafe Rio, whom we used the last two years for our holiday party, even though they are not GF friendly, their service is excellent! I will not be recommending your catering to anyone as the manager was just incredibly rude, wish it were different.Ǿ
Meh
A bit pricier than Chipotle
Longer wait in line
80% of workers teenagers
Beans over seasoned and old 
Rice dry and flavorless
Chicken in tacos dry
I could seriously make fresher Mexican food at home. Tried it won't be back.Ǿ
This place is awesome!!! Sweet Pork is killer & your mouth waters looking at the delicious chicken cooking on the grill!! My fav Mexi place in Valley!!!! Checkout the Daily Specials & save $$$$$ Oh don't forget to order the Cilantro 'n Pico - TO DIE FORǾ
Oh gracious, I could not love the tacos here anymore than I do. They are double the size you'd expect, and are filled with yummy goodness. I had heard about Costa Vida for so long without trying it, and why o' why did I wait!

The cheese quesadillas are something I get cravings for, and they are just too good to not order on a regular basis. Go, don't wait, go...go now. Right now.Ǿ
sweet pork burro+smothered + spicy salsa and lettuce= awesome lunch 

Place is often crowded and noisy. Food is always great though a bit on the pricey side.Ǿ
The sweet pork salad here is really good but the reason I gave this place less stars is for a couple of reasons. One of the reason Costa Vida's score is lower was because the staff is not very friendly. Also the cleaniness factor kind of grossed me out as well. The employee would clean the counter with his gloves on & instead of changing before serving my food he handled my food right after with same gloves he used to clean the counter. Kind of gross.Ǿ
Best sweet pork there is. Definitely recommend to anyone and everyone! Always fresh, and staff is beyond friendlyǾ
I hate to admit it, but I like Chipotle. So since this place seemed similar to Chipotle in their offerings and it got great reviews, I figured I'd check it out. It's laid out in the same way (order at the counter, tell them what you want in your burrito/taco/salad) but the taste is distinctively unique.

The quality was great, everything was presented well. The pinto beans and black beans were good. However, I realized I'm not a fan of sweet meat; a lot of their offerings mix in sweet meats or sauces. It's like a sugar overload for me. I ordered the shredded beef burrito which was ok but the sweet pork my dining partner had was inedible...I was glad I didn't get it. 

It's a great concept if you like sweet dinner options but I reserve my sweet tooth for dessert.Ǿ
This place is delicious. Sweet pork with the red enchilada sauce, you'll thank me later. Shredded beef is great too, but gives you some serious gas. Totes worth it. 

Go during lunch hours or taco Tuesday and the place is busy. Other than that not much of a wait time. Worth the wait though.Ǿ
Love this place amazing food!! I got the shredded beef tacos and chips with Guac and yummmmyy!!!Ǿ
I really wanted to like this place but the food is so blah. I got three tacos (pork, shrimp, and shredded beef). They took the tortillas and placed then on the flat top, which I thought was to warm them up and then they put cheese on them and waited until it melted. The kept them on for so long that they all burned and black on the bottom. Then they added the meat, lettuce, pico and sour cream. There was so much juice from the meat and pico that the tacos were dripping and soggy. But the bizarre thing was that they had zero flavor. The pork meat was very sweet which was kind of a nasty combo with the pico and sour cream. 
So I guess I'm the odd ball based on the rest of the reviews. I think this would be a great place for someone who does not like spices or is afraid that Mexican food is too spicey. No worries here since the food is very bland.Ǿ
Just ate there or should I say tried. My daughter loves their sweet pork so I figured why not try it. It was horrible. The chicken was dry and the "fresh" tortilla was rubbery.  The rice was crunchy and the enchilada sauce was gross.  Threw most of it in the garbage. So much for dinner. This will be my last time here. It's back to Cafe Rio for me!Ǿ
Costa Vida has great food. Their sweet pork salads are my favorite. I do think some of their items are a little pricey but overall we keep going back for more. Great lunch or dinner spot!Ǿ
Is it better than Chipukele?  Sure.  Is that saying much?  Not really. The best part about this place is their tortillas which are hand-made right in front of you.  The corn tortillas are delicious.

I found the sweet pork to be WAY too sweet.  The shredded beef was OK.  The rice and pinto beans, IMO, were the best part.  I guess if I had to go to Chipotle, I'd pick this place, but if there was no gun to my head, it would be easy to forget about this establishment.  There wasn't really anything wrong with it, it's just there.Ǿ
Love hate relationship with this place. Love the food but there's always about 10 people working behind the counter with only one really handling the food/behind the assembly line. Not sure what all the rest are doing but it doesn't help the movement of the long line that is constantly there. Food is really good though...Ǿ
I had a few tacos here, and it was ok, but by no means great.  Other places have a variety of salsas, and don't charge extra for that.  Costa Vida lets you pick one, and it wasn't even that good.  Carne asada was basically flavorless, and the tacos fell apart.

Lots of people rave about the "sweet pork", and it was fine.  It's pulled pork in a sweet BBQ sauce, I'm more a fan of grilled meat, which Costa Vida doesn't seem to do well.  Still, it's not a 2-star place, I'd stop by again if I was there and had to grab something quick.Ǿ
Best location hands down! Makes the best shrimp taco with mango salsa!!! Must remember to request the lime. No lettuce ever, as it robs all the flavor from the shrimp and mango salsa.  It's difficult to not eat this 3-4 times per week...mango salsa is rather ADDICTING and better than any mango salsa I have tried anywhere!Ǿ
What can I say that I haven't already said?! Today I ordered the sweet pork salad and it was as good as the sweet pork taco. I recommend getting the costa vida club card if you plan on frequenting CV on a regular or semi-regular basis.Ǿ
My only complaint is that they are closed on Sunday. The customer service is excellent and even though they're always busy they manage to keep the line going quickly. The food is always excellent and made correctly.Ǿ
Sweet pork is really good.  Red sauce is great.  Chips and queso are fav as well.  Location is always busy.Ǿ
Love this place and really good food. Always call head, will save you time in line.Ǿ
One of my favorite places around Gilbert!

I try not to go here when I'm dieting, unless I want a splurge meal... You can get salads that are very low calorie but they won't taste nearly as good as anything with the (decently high calorie) delicious sweet pork! Honestly, I think that going here and not getting the pork is a waste because it's the brightest highlight of this restaurant chain. I typically get the sweet pork burrito, which last I checked is their most popular entree. Get it smothered with cheese and the medium sauce and it becomes a dish to die for! 

If burritos aren't your thing, the nachos are also amazing! The chips themselves are just sub par but once they're smothered in meat, queso, and pico they get much better.

The sister company to Costa Vida, Cafe Rio, is different in very few ways. Basically the differences lie in the ambiance and feel of the restaurant (Costa is more beach-like in vibe, while Rio is more Mexican-feeling) and that the pork is significantly sweeter at Costa than it is at Rio. For me, there's no competition and I much prefer Costa Vida - though I've heard that you end up loyal to whichever one you visit first.Ǿ
So bad. Waited in line tonight for 40 minutes. This location was so hot people were complaining and fanning themselves with whatever they could find. The a.c. was set to 85. It was 92 degrees behind the counter. They were out of ice but didn't bother to tell the customers. I went up to the counter and asked them if they had more and they got me some but other people that asked where turned away. The nachos were not worth the wait. My chips were soggy and gross... I wasted $20 and won't go back to this location again. Cafe Rio is a much better choice!Ǿ
For me, chicken salad or nachos is the way to go here. The chicken is amazing. This isn't Mexican food, it's sort of Mexican-ish. The pulled pork is extremely sweet. It's like super sweet bbq with not enough spices to cut the sweetness. I know lots of people who love it though. A small nachos and a drink is just under 10 bucks, but I can't finish the whole thing, and it keeps me full a long time, so it's not a bad deal. I see a lot of families here getting a large nachos and splitting it with smaller children. Every time I eat here the food is fresh and perfectly cooked. 

As for the waits in line, it's probably due to some numb nuts at the front who can't decide what they want. Maybe if they made the counter shorter so customers could see what's available, it could help. When I've been here the employees were helpful and the place was clean.Ǿ
First time having this place. My son wanted Mexican and said this place good. It wasn't bad, but not great either. Not much flavor in the enchiladas and the rice was not cooked enough. 

He may like it, but I'll pass after this.Ǿ
This place is so good got the nachos today and were amazing!! Clean store and happy employees which makes a happy customerǾ
Pretty darn good steak tacos. I was pleasantly surprised since I'm not a fan of Mexican food, and the Irish pub next door seemed more enticing. It was interesting to see the tortillas being made and I was pleasantly surprised that they were crunchy- not soft. I'm glad I can pick what to put in my tacos because I am a very picky eater. I wish the items weren't a la carte, though. The line was super long but it went by very fast.Ǿ
Wow am I hooked. I get the raspberry chicken burrito. It's so delicious!!!!! It's also very large. I am able to eat it for lunch then finish it up for dinner so technically two meals for around ten dollars is a great bargain. I can't explain just how delicious it is. My son always has the steak burrito with rice and black beans smothered in medium sauce which is his preference. He can't finish it in one sitting but he doesn't have two meals from it like I do. It's clean, staff is friendly and the food is delicious and the price is very good for what you receiveǾ
I've been eating here for years! My daughter loves the food here too.
Decided to try the taco Tuesday special $1.75 for chicken , beef or pork. The pork is a sweet pork (yummy)
Today I asked for corn tortillas. OMG! They made them fresh for me! Superb! Perfectly cooked and not crumbly!!

YOU GOTTA TRY THE CORN TORTILLAS!!!

We also had the Flan and Key Lime pie. JUST DO IT!!!Ǿ
Love the tortillas! Favorite is the Chicken Salad.Ǿ
Just had this place for lunch.  Had the sweet pork Salad upon my sister's recommendation it was pretty legit.  I would recommend it or take a friend there.  The tortillas are made fresh before your eyes, food quality was good, the serving side was HUGE.  It has kind of a chipotle feel with a more extensive menu.  If your looking for legit Mexican food places like this are probably not what your looking for, but if your looking for tasty baja style food at a decent price then this place is for you.  

On a side note, they have those REALLY COOL soda machines that have pretty much every soda imaginable lol.  I dig it!Ǿ
Great food every time I go.  Love the taco Tuesdays and when they offer buy one meal get one free.  Lines are out the door but worth the wait for that deal and great food.Ǿ
During lunch, be prepared to wait in line for at least 10min. You order your food as they prepare it ....kind of like Subway.  I ordered the "carne asada" taco but I didn't really like the taste of the meat...it tasted really gamey.  I usually get their Friday special for  $4 -  it comes with a cheese enchilada, beans & rice. It's pretty good for the price but again, be prepared to wait in line.Ǿ
My friend took me here for lunch and it was sooooo good. I didn't even know this place was here, it's hidden by all the other buildings around it but I'm super glad my friend introduced me to this place. Will be coming here more often.Ǿ
Costa Vida wasn't outright bad but it wasn't very good either.  I shared a couple entrees-fish tacos and nachos with steak.

The fish tacos had itty-bitty pieces of fish covered by lots of mango salsa...so all you could taste was an odd sweet flavor.  No fish.

The steak nachos were decent but the nachos were heavy on salsa.  I mean heavy.  Like 4-5 big scoops-soggy-swimming-in-salsa nachos are not really very good.  Good nachos are about a nice well rounded blend of cheese, meat, beans and a smallish amount of sour cream and/or guac with a little salsa.

Not likely to return.Ǿ
Costa Vida is #1 seed when it comes to burritos. The steak burrito smothered is unbeatable. The place takes a dump on Cafe Rio. The staff is always friendly. The cinnamon tortillas are the best and even though I always feel weird for ordering them cause I think they are for children, but I don't care.  The salads are awesome also. Everything I have had here has been good. The salsas are not salty like Cafe Rio. Everything is fresh, especially the tortillas. If you like a good burrito and have not tried Costa Vida, I don't know what you are doing with your life. Get with it, damn.Ǿ
Our experience was disappointing from the get-go. The inside acoustics were terrible and you couldn't have a comfortable conversation due to the noise level. We ordered our food, which took about twice as long as Chipotle, even though it seemed this restaurant is trying to duplicate the model. The biggest problem was that we presented the Entertainment coupon for BOGO for lunch or dinner item. It was 12:15 so we assumed that qualified. Never before have we had a coupon with teeny-tiny writing specify it was valid from 2pm-5pm and after 8 pm. Why even bother creating such a coupon?? It will only upset people and make them feel tricked on their first visit, like it did us. The food was bland and didn't merit a second visit. The tortilla was too doughy and then got soggy from the juice of the pico de gallo salsa. Even if the food was awesome, we would not be back, due to the ill-intended coupon. Chipotle is a much better bet with consistently great food and service for a much better price.Ǿ
Delicious!!  We love it here and go all the time. The food is amazing, we usually get the chicken salads, but after reading these other reviews it sounds like I need to try the sweet pork ;)  The wait can be very long at lunchtime, but it's worth it.  And they are closed on Sundays which is a bummer.  But I would highly recommend it, I refuse to go to Chipotle anymore, you can't even compare themǾ
Delicious and a much more friendly staff than the competitors!  I always get to the front of the line and cannot decide what I want. The salads are delicious, I usually go with the steak or sweet pork. The burritos are very good as well. I recently tried the smothered sweet pork and it was life changing.Ǿ
I hate that I even have to give 1 star. I kept hearing how great this place was from a friend and the reviews were good. Since I was nearby I decided to check it out. Never again. I got one of the lunch specials which was a chicken enchilada, rice and beans. Lets start off with the enchilada....I asked for green sauce (chili). I don't know what that was but it definitely wasn't green chili. The cilantro lime rice?  Tasted like dried up white rice with some color added to it. You get a choice of black beans or pinto beans. I went with the pinto. Another...I don't know what was IN the beans but it was disgusting. My food was cold as well.  Anyone that knows me knows that I never throw food out. However, today I did just that. I wasn't able to even eat it!  I ended up throwing it away and I don't remember the last time I did that. I was so disgusted that I would not be able to even give it a 2nd chance.Ǿ
I'm in love with the sweet pork. Not so in love with the prices and the lack of seating. I go here now and then to treat myself. This place really needs to expand. I know I can't be the only one annoyed because of having to time going there just right to get a seat. Something else that needs to be fixed is when you get a receipt for a free dessert. They fail to note on there that the free dessert is just the cinnamon tortilla. So sadly no free flan or tres leches cake.Ǿ
mmmm mmmm mmmmm... good lunch place if your in a hurryǾ
Have been here a few times but won't be back. The food and price are decent however after the way they treated my friend, it's not worth it.  She ordered ahead online at about noon, and it was a work day with only an hour lunch.  By the time we got there at 12:25 it was still not made. We told the woman about our dilemma and she seemed very unsympathetic. My friend said we might as well wait in line it will be just as fast and the only thing she had to say was, "you could try." We finally get our order and..... Of course it's wrong. Thank goodness my friend checked the food before we left or I think she would have lost it.   This time we got the manager he seemed to be a little more apologetic and tried to give us some free cookies to make up for the lack of service.Ǿ
We went to Costa Vida right after they opened in Gilbert, had been to the one at Dana Park in Mesa and was not that impressed, but thought we would give it another chance. We ordered and the total for the order was not right. They would not give me a receipt(cashier said I told her I did not want it) management was no help at all, contacted corporate and they sent it to the owner who ignored it as well. When ever I have had a problem at Cafe Rio with an order they always get right back to me. Even though the mango salad was good and the smaller salad was just the right size for my child we will not go back.Ǿ
This is the much classier and tastier version of your Baja Fresh and Chipotle.  It seems that they really take interest in providing the fresh ingredients.  I haven't had this dish myself, but I heard the sweet pork is amazing.  I had a taco salad, and it was extremely flavorful.  I think the ambiance and where this Costa Vida is located gives it a clear sell that this means business!Ǿ
I will never cheat on Chipotle again. They tax you for everything. I paid and extra 2 bucks for fajitas. Guacamole was cool  but I won't be coming back.Ǿ
We are regulars at the Mesa Val Vista location.  The line moved quickly and we took the food home.  I ordered the Taco Tuesday Sweet Pork option and I was very pleased with the flavor and portion size.  We have eaten here several times before and have never had a bad experience except the line gets long sometime.... which goes to show that it's popular and in high demand. 

The medium sauce lit me up a little bit and the heart burn kicked in around midnight, but it was all worth it.  We will frequent this location again soon.Ǿ
I really did expect a little bit more out of this place after reading some of the reviews. My experience her wasn't bad but just avrege. ithink that my favorit thing about this place was there salsa. they had many diferent kinds but i injoyed them all.Ǿ
The servers behind the counter are rude and move too fast for a first timer! Everything seemed drenched in sauce and I hated that the iced tea was only available behind the counter and I couldn't fill/refill myself. I liked the quick melt oven similar to Quiznos but I wouldn't recommend to a friend.Ǿ
Food is consistently good & fresh. Staff friendly & service prompt. Wish the line moved quicker when there at a busy times. 
Prices are great for amount of food you getǾ
I've been coming here for years and the food is great. The bathrooms on the other hand are a whole other story. Toilet paper all over the floors, railing, and walls. Unflushed toilets with poop in them. Pee all over the seats. You name it, I saw it in there. I had to hover my poor daughter over the seat because everything was so disgusting. If they can't manage to keep their bathrooms clean, how on earth do they keep they keep their kitchen clean??Ǿ
Great specials, fresh food. Definitely one of my new favorite lunch spots! Love the sweet pork!Ǿ
I've been here on a multitude of occasions and have tried nearly everything on the menu. Everything I've had is really just sub par so it wasn't a fluke the first time I went. Sweet pork isn't really good at all like how everyone makes it out to be. Portions can be skimpy and everything is just generally not great. It is also really busy so it takes forever to get an average and over priced meal and the staff is not accommodating. The only reason why it earned two stars was because of the freshness of their items. If anything is recommend a salad with the cilantro like vinaigrette, but you're way better off heading over to pita jungle or sauce.Ǿ
I love Costa Vida. Their salads are delicious, it must be the fresh tortillas that are layered on the bottom.Customer service is great and the food is consistently good. My only issue with this restaurant is when you are nickel and dimed for things like sour cream, extra dressing, etc...I'm not a fan of that. But the pros outweigh the cons and I will continue to eat here.Ǿ
One of my favorites. Sweet pork burrito is always a winner. Would have given five stars if only the dude that makes the burrito could manage a smile now and then - he always looks bored and like he's doing you a favor. Otherwise, it's all good.Ǿ
Yum. Forever holds a spot in my stomach and a place in my heart. Well it was my place of employment for four years. I miss all the regulars and fun times spent on cultivating food, service, and improvements!Ǿ
I have been coming to Costa Vida since it came to Arizona. The food, while not really Mexican at all, used to be good and the staff really went the extra mile. Over the last two years though, the quality of the food has slipped tremendously. Every encounter that we have had has been rushed, sloppy, and there is a general lack of care that permeates the atmosphere. The most recent experience involved a to-go order, two enchilada style burritos, that showed up as rice burritos (literally- nothing but tortillas and rice). A quick call down to the restaurant to correct the mistake resulted in a 50% off coupon for the next meal. No offer to fix the order, no refund, no apology... just a coupon for the next meal (which will most likely not be used). I really want to like Costa Vida, but the lack of care and quality make it too easy to choose Cafe Rio to appease my wife's cravings.Ǿ
I love the food...?packed with flavor without all the salt!!  Their chips and queso is the best I've had.Ǿ
The food is so-so, but the service was awful. The employees were incredibly difficult to hear and it was the most inefficient line service I've ever seen. 11:45 on a Thursday, during lunch rush, only two of six employees were really doing anything. Stood in line for 30 minutes, maybe 10 other customers were in front of me. A line of similar length at Chipotle would have taken 10 minutes, tops.Ǿ
I went here today for the first time - 2pm weekday - so didn't have any crowd/noise complaint like I saw some of the yelpers did.

The food was delicious.  I ordered 2 tacos with rice/black beans.  I ate every morsel of the tacos which were large and stuffed with a good portion of meat (sweet pork for one, and shredded chicken for the other).  Lots of fresh lettuce and pico de gallo too.  I gave the rice and beans to my toddler for a snack and took the rest home.

The tortilla was devine.

The young people working were very sweet and explained my choices, thought my daughter was the cutest, and offered to take my tray of food/drink to my table for me as they noticed I had my arms full with child/diaper bag. Thoughtful.

Looks like in addition to our weekly visit to Chipotle we have a new place to add to the mix! Yea for Costa Vida!!!Ǿ
I have pretty simple taste, but the food here really is amazing. I'm particularly big on the chicken burrito- smothered of course.

The wait is RIDICULOUS though. I figured out a long time ago that you can order your food by phone and get it quicker than waiting in line- even if you order it when you arrive! I would probably give it 5 stars if it weren't for the wait.Ǿ
Save yourself the $14. Got the steak fajita quesadilla that cost $11. Which consisted of q little amount on steak and half a cup of some sad looking peppers. And I don't necessarily need service with a smile but the employees looked downright miserable. I felt bad for them. Salsa sucked too.Ǿ
Costa Vida is TEN times better than dumb Cafe Rio, which people seem to like. Costa's portions are better, their sauces are fresher and better, their sweet pork is more flavorful, and you can actually order small OR large sizes instead of being stuck with a $9 salad, like you do at Rio. Let's put it this way - I just ate dinner and I'll probably STILL hit Costa Vida tonight! I like their loyalty program too - I've already had a free meal and I'm almost on my 2nd free one. Costa rocks!!Ǿ
Great innovative choices. Sweet pork is tasty, but a little too sweet for me. Mango chipotle chicken is good. Portions are HUGE! I am almost never able to finish the salad, enchilada, or burritos. Salad is good with the mango chicken without dressing. It doesn't need the dressing since the mango chicken sauce is so saucy already. Super cheap for taco tuesdays, but always big line. Despite the big line, they try to be pretty fast. Love that you can see them make the tortillas and food fresh.Ǿ
Okay...so...weird! I have been eating here for years and have never reviewed Costa Vida!! What is wrong with me!?!! 

I have three words for you...sweet. pork. tacos. These have got to be my all time favorite tacos! I skip the rice and beans and opt for some chips and salsa instead. Perfect!

Fresh tortillas made right in front of you! Delicious salsas. Friendly service. Super fun atmosphere! Just go...go get some sweet pork tacos, kick back and enjoy a yummy meal every single time you visit.Ǿ
This place is pretty good! It's the same concept as chipotle but not organic and has way more menu items to choose from. The best thing I've had is the sweet pork salad..at first it sounded weird to have sweet pork in my salad but it's the best! The small is a big enough portion for me. I sometimes think their kinda stingy with their meat and have asked for more and say that's the usual amount and give me a dirty look ..so their not as nice as chipotle when you ask for extra anything..but over all it's good. On Tuesdays the small sweet pork salad is $5..Ǿ
This place gets busy but only because it's so good! I tried this place for the first time and fell in love. They hand make the tortillas right in front of you and you can customize your burrito. The sweet pork is my favorite! You can smother your burrito in sauce and queso cheese! Also, they offer unlimited refills of horchata which is surprising and it's really good! I definitely will be back!!Ǿ
My favorite place to eat! 
The mango salsa is to die for-- try it smothered on a pork burrito!!Ǿ
This is the Starbucks of Fast Food Mexican food meaning it's Crack!!!!!! So good and crackfullllllllǾ
Stop by here all the time for some sweet pork nachos. The food here is soo good and reasonably priced for the huge portions. The setup is like a chipotle. You walk down the line and pick out what you want. The only downside to this place is the long lines. Every time I'm here the line is practically out the door and it moves very slow. The employees here seem to always have a lack of training and motivation. Be prepared to keep an eye in which plate is yours because they will not know. Some systems to ensure proper flow of the line would be very useful here.Ǿ
This has to be one of my favorite places. Love the sweet pork salads from there. I go there a couple times a month for the sweet pork salad. You should try them out.Ǿ
Amazing authentic Baja food. Brings me back to the beach. 
Awesome home made tortillas.The tortilla maker is upfront, so you can see them make and heat the tortillas.Ǿ
You run out of sweet pork Beef and the tres leche every fetching night!! Y'all suck! Why can't you make a consistent amount of what people want. Worthless, another lost customer to cafe rio.Ǿ
This is my all-time favorite food.  The chicken tacos with cheese are delicious!!  They always hit the spot!Ǿ
Solid Fresh Mex restaurant. Nice selection of pork, chicken and beef dishes. Guacamole was way too watered down; but besides that, the rest of the ingrediants were good. I tried the Mango Chicken. The Manago sauce was flavorful without being overly sweet. The chicken was moist and the torilla was excellent. A definate repeat when I'm in the areaǾ
Still a solid 4 star.

The reason for the update is - it's been a while since I've eaten here - because the portion size on their chips & salsa has been reduced by a lot. Still very good chips, still really tasty salsas. And, what they'd been providing before was very large. So, all in all this remains a reasonable value.

Sweet pork burrito today. If you don't like sweetness, then this protein is not for you. The portion was very good. The meat was hot!

The place is always clean and I find the people working there to be very friendly.Ǿ
Great service, delicious food! I always take my family here when they come out to visit. I got the raspberry chipotle chicken and it was SO GOOD!!Ǿ
This place has great reviews, I used to come here somewhat regularly 7+ years ago and remember loving it! Everyone is raving about the sweet pork here on Yelp, I love BBQ ribs, so it seemed the right thing to order; I chose it as a salad (which turns out is really an unwrapped burrito with extra lettuce).

SWEET pork. Like DESSERT sweet. Meat dessert. (I got the dessert meat salad, ha ha, full meal in one pan?). I chose medium salsa, it had no heat. My husband said the medium salsa was sweet tasting to him. I asked for a side of hot to see if that would counter-balance the overbearing sweetness, but it had what I'd call only a lightly medium kick. And it too still seemed to have a somewhat sweet base.

It's really fresh food, the tortillas are AMAZING since they are just made! The new self-serve soda machine, I hate to admit this, it sucked me in... They have diet drinks UNHEARD OF in restaurants, like diet Barq's root beer and diet sprite. The line to order was long, but moved amazingly fast. The counter girls were really sweet, the line guys were smiley and nice.

I REALLY wish I enjoyed the meal more. I wonder if the pork was always like this and I just always ordered chicken in years past. If I'm near, I'd be willing to give the beef or chicken a try, but I'd still be disappointed by that wussy salsa selection. Even the "costa" in Latin America doesn't have meat that sweet that isn't balanced with some savory flavor to it as well as a good hot chili kick...Ǿ
Two words. Sweet Pork. That is all you need to know. This place is one of my absolute favorites.

I prefer this place over the likes of Chipotle any day, wish I lived closer.

Closed on Sunday :(Ǿ
This place isn't really a mexican restaurant. It's closer to pita jungle in my book. If my wife didn't love this place, I probably would never eat here.

We usually go for taco tuesdays because otherwise we couldn't justify the high cost. It's almost always a 20-30min wait to get through the line. The tacos are soggy, the tortillas are undercooked, all the meats are too sweet. The workers are inconsistent with the amount of meat they put on the tacos.

On the bright side, the lime ranch is really good. The workers are generally friendly.

Gentlemen, I applaud your sacrifice and willingness to eat here for your wife's sake.Ǿ
I would have given this place 5 stars but a couple  things need improvement, the long lines /wait and getting the order right. 
I 've been to this restaurant about 20 times or more , I love  the mango chicken salad.
    Take out is what I do because the line is always too long.
  For the last three times they got my order wrong. Each time they gave  me a  dinner for free on the next visit. I'm not looking for a free dinner , I just want what I ordered.  I will definitely be double checking and I will  have the  person taking the order repeat it back to me.

If I didn't call my order in I would be line for a very long time ,I wish they would speed things up and get the order right because I really like this place.Ǿ
I usually love this place, even though they have issues with customer service and being nice to customers in general. They have great food. i usually get their steak salad. Their pork is also to DIE FOR but i visited today March 7th 2017 and i am questioning ever going to eat here again. Usually i get my boyfriend tacos to go and they always separate everything into containers so your food doesn't get soggy and gross. So as i go to order my food the worker was absolutely rude. I told her about 3 times i needed them to go, wouldn't let me finish saying what i wanted on my order. Immediately she would just keep saying, "are you guys getting anything else!?!" She was so eager  to get us out of her way when there was no one else behind us in line. Then proceeded to be angry about the fact that my mother ordered gluten free tacos? Once we got to the cashier, she very nice, i told her i wanted everything separated for the tacos and the girl who was rude, got defensive and yelled, "i wrote it in there!!! that's what i'm doing!!!" By the end of my line experience i was left with soggy tacos and feeling angry. Debating on ever eating here again.Ǿ
I took my wife here on our first date and I believe that is the reason she married me. I heard of this place in 2006 and tried the sweet pork burrito enchilada style with mild sauce. It was so delicious, fresh, and amazing that it has been impossible for me to order anything else. The pork sauce is sweet and savory. Whenever I go back to AZ I always go here!Ǿ
Two words:  Sweet Pork!  Yummy!  I was addicted to this stuff when I worked nearby.  You can build your own burritos, tacos, quesadillas etc. with sweet pork, beef, steak and Mango chicken (which is also a good runner up to the pork).  The atmosphere is very casual with surfing videos playing constantly and tons of small children running around.  It's a great spot for a quick lunch or soaking up the sun in the outdoor seating area while people watching.Ǿ
After their re-modeling, everything is top notch! Located in the center of Dana Park, with AJ's supermarket to the right of it, this Costa Vida is a great place to stop by during a shopping! I have been going to the one in Tempe, but this new one is way much better in so many aspects. All their equipments and appliances are brand new, with brand new fountain drink machine and new booths, tables and chairs. It just feels a lot nicer when I qas dining there than at the one in Tempe, which is somehow old and lousy. Sweet pork is always the right choice and get Mayo sauce inside your burrito. I prefer veges and tamatoes on the side. I loved their food since highschool and I know I will be coming back again and again. Especially this one, whenever I make a trip to East Mesa, I am coming here aside all the good restaurants.Ǿ
I wish I could give this more stars but I've been 4-5 times now and every time it takes FOREVER to get through the line.  They had just 10 people in line (half full) tonight and it took me 30 minutes to get three pork tacos. 30 minutes when not even busy?!? 

I stopped here as it was closer than Cafe Rio to my house but would of saved a solid ten minutes by driving the 3 extra miles to Gilbert road and going to Cafe Rio over there. 

Inefficiently ran, so if you go call ahead as they get those done in less than 10 minutes 

Food is mediocre and the meat isn't as succulent as Cafe Rio so I won't becoming here again.Ǿ
My Favorite part about Costa Vida is that when I finish my meal, I don't feel weighed down like one typically feels after eating Mexican Food.  It is not only Fresh, but CLEAN.  Thank You Costa Vida for keeping your cooking process Clean and ingredients Fresh.  We can tell a difference.  Great Flavors.   My only critique would be the long lines.Ǿ
In my opinion, this falls in second place on the list of comparable restaurants that I've been to: Chipotle has always been my #1, then Costa Vida, Qdoba, Cafe Rio.  Costa Vida is no competition when it comes to speed, Chipotle wins that hands down.  I got the chicken burrito with black beans.  It was delicious.  I love mango salsa so I got that.  As far as I know none of the other restaurants that I listed offer that but I could be wrong.Ǿ
I know this establishment has its followers, but I just can't understand why. Average fare at best, higher than average pricing for what you get. Cafe Rio at Gilbert & Baseline blows this place away for freshness, taste, and value.Ǿ
The food was tasty, however, the 'hot' sweet pork was more like kinda luke warm. We got there right as they opened at 11. I had to tell three different people what I ordered, the daily special. Something near the soda fountain area was awful smelling. I think it was the drain just below the teas, wow was it awful. I attempted to get the Gold Peak Sweet Tea that was on the container, turns out it was not that at all. When I asked the young lady at the register she said it was Mango-Passion Fruit tea and when I asked if they didn't label it as such I got literally a blank stare. So when I mentioned the smell near the fountain, yup, same blank stare. :-\   

With so many options in and around Dana Park you can be sure that I will not be here again.Ǿ
I went there with a friend on a week day during lunch time.  I was excited to try something that had a vibe similar to Chipotle.  I was so excited they had a decent gluten free menu and it was all spelled out.  Well, it seems their staff aren't aware or not willing to accommodate.  They stated they couldn't make tacos for me because they would have to put them on the same flat wheel that they use for the flour tortillas to warm them.  I looked shocked and thought...Well, put them on tinfoil and then put them on the warmer but no.  They told me the ONLY thing I could have was a salad.  Well, that's exciting - or rather isn't.  The food was okay but truthfully I felt it was a little bland.  I will admit that I like the kick Chipotle has.  I thought the guacamole was okay but did enjoy the salsa.  I felt the prices were a bit high especially for a quickie lunch.  My friend who was with me, loved their food but I just found it mediocre.  Granted, I am limited as to what I can eat due to the gluten free needs but gluten free shouldn't mean boring and incredibly limited especially when your website indicates otherwise.Ǿ
Absolutely ridiculous wait for absolutely mediocre food I have no idea why anybody would wait in line as long as he do for this place with so many other great food choices in the local area I suggest staying away from hereǾ
The Wednesday special was a great deal. For $5, you get a huge chile verde burrito, enchilada style, with lettuce and pico de gallo. The burrito itself was filled to the brim with pork, green chile sauce, rice and beans, and when I requested pico de gallo only, they heaped a enormous portion onto my plate.

Service, unfortunately, is pretty slow. Despite having what looks to be an army of staff for busy lunchtime, the line still moved at a snail's pace. The waiting area for the line is also uncomfortably warm. If you have limited time for lunch, I probably wouldn't eat here unless you've phoned in an order ahead of time to take out.Ǿ
We were out playing Pokemon Go one night and saw this place, thought we give it a try next time we're in the area. 

The first thing we noticed when we walked in were the lack of misters for the outside sitting area. The inside wasn't much better. They looked like they had been in the middle of remodeling the place. There were uneven tiles on the floor, some even missing. The tile missing at the drink fountain area could cause someone to twist their ankle or worse, all they had over it was a non slip carpet for wet floors. 

We did ask our self if we still wanted to eat here, and sadly we did. 

The food was meh. I've had better tasting food from a microwave burrito. I had the grilled chicken, and my wife had the grilled steak, both with pinto beans  and smothered, mine I added the grilled veggies for extra filler.

The temperature of the food was the same as the restaurant, it felt as if the only reason it was even that warm was because they put it through a small oven to melt the cheese on top of the burrito. The food was far from filling. I ended up eating my burrito and half of my wife's because she wouldn't eat the more or less cold food, and was still left wanting more and I'm a small guy.

The restaurant was not well maintained at all. They had what felt like no AC, yes it was cooler then the 112 it was outside, but its not much better inside. The tables when we came in were mostly dirty with only 3 others in the place when we got there. 30 mins after we got there someone finally came out and cleaned 3 tables and left again, they didn't even bother doing the rest.

I would say this place looks nice on the outside, but leave it there. Go to Chipotle not half a mile on the other side of the shopping area. There you can at least get hot food, and have AC.

EDIT: I looked through the pictures to see what everyone else had for their burritos and I've noticed that everyone has a side with theirs... The person serving us didn't say we wouldn't have any kind of side or even ask if we wanted anything, so what's the deal? It really doesn't seem right to spend $10 on a burrito like this without a side.Ǿ
Love Costa Vida!! I always get there steak salads! I'm obsessed! Employees are friendly and the place is always clean. 

Sucks there closed on Sunday's but other then that it's my favorite place! I wish they had a location in the Phoenix area!Ǿ
Costa Vida is by far my favorite restaurant. Their sweet pork is to die for - whenever I take any of my friends there we always end up getting the same thing - sweet pork! The atmosphere is cool and casual and whether you are staying for 10 minutes or 2 hours, you never feel rushed by the servers or bus staff.Ǿ
What can I say... My husband has me addicted to their sweet pork burritos.  I absolutely grave them at least once a week.

The place is usually busy no matter what time of day or night.   We are there so much we think the guy making our burritos knows exactly what we want.  I had one bad experience there but they made up for it the next time we visited.   I always order my burritos wet and haven't been disappointed yet.Ǿ
Was a great place to come being the family you can see them making the food right in front of you! I love the sweet pork salad! The staff is nice and friendly. I also have had the sweet pork tacos on taco Tuesday not as good as the salad they get soggy. All in all great place to eat.Ǿ
Restaurant quality food and cost meets fast food ordering and atmosphere.  Very little seating and hard to understand order takers.  Although the food was good...it was not worth the price.  Three burritos and three fountain drinks = $30.  $3 'service charge' on top of that.  Will opt for Baja Fresh over this place next time!Ǿ
I love the sweet pork quesadillas. Service is good. Finish things off with a sweet desert. My favorite is the tres-leche. It can get pretty busy so I try to go in around 9 at night or early in the day to avoid long lines.Ǿ
This place is fantastic! Sweet pork burrito is where it's at though. This is certainly not true Mexican food, it's very Americanized so as long as you go into it with that understanding, you won't be disappointed! There is usually a very long line around dinner time, especially on the weekends. I just wish they were open on Sundays, we've gone multiple time forgetting they are closed. But definitely a place to check out.Ǿ
OK, food is good. But I have to tell you waiting 30 min in line for takeout is ridiculous! It is also far to loud in the restaurant. Additionally, if they are really busy, they dont even look up at you or listen to what you want. I had to tell them three times for one thing because they didn't want to listen. Wont be back anytime soon.Ǿ
Costa Vida doesn't disappoint. Their nachos and sweet pork and/or chicken salads are awesome. Sometimes the beans make the salad a little soggy so I ask for easy on the beans. Their tortillas are so good I get a large with my small salad. The ranch really is to die for and I ask for it no matter what I get(I may have a ranch problem in general..) The lines are very long if you come during peak hours, 12pm lunch 6pm dinner. Although it has its flaws it's consistent and I always know what I'm getting. I can appreciate that. Their flan and tortilla with cinnamon are tasty! Their horchata is great, too! They have a wide variety of drinks at their modern soda machine. My small salad averages around $8.50. I've never been incredibly fond of the burritos but my buddies love them with green sauce drenched on them. I've been coming here for years, and I'll continue!Ǿ
We went here on a Tuesday around 11am. It didn't even look like the place had been cleaned from the night before. The line moved VERY slow and the people behind the counter seemed very unorganized. One of them didn't even know the menu items. They  just throw it on the grill or flat top to reheat it. Although.. the tortillas are delicious! The rest of the food was average at best. We tried 4 menu items. When you go to sit down there are big trash cans right next to the tables. Not what I want to eat by. Definitely not what I expected from a place named "Costa Vida" Kind of a dirty, dingy thrown together fresh-mex joint. Giving it two stars instead of one because the tortillas are outstanding and the place has potential.Ǿ
This place had amazing food but the customer service is definitely lacking. If you go and the place is packed the line wait is about 20 minutes, crazy for a in and out trpe of place. I really wish they could get quicker service lines, accurate to go orders and I'd give them 5 stars but for now due to service.Ǿ
Pretty good american Mexican food. Nothing authentic about it, but it's still good. 
Very similar to Cafe Rio.
I really enjoyed the option of a small salad rather then a large or no size option.Ǿ
Oh Costa Vida... I've been to this restaurant twice now and both times there's really nothing that stands out, nothing special that makes me want to come back. As I see in other reviews, this place is almost an exact clone to Cafe Rio which in my opinion is worlds better but I'll keep on Costa Vida for now. The setup is the same as Rio, the meals, the way the food is displayed, the turbo chef to cook etc. The food however isn't that great, as mentioned earlier there's nothing that stands out, no bold flavors, the salsa is just alright. 

I feel like the food could be improved because the meals seem bland. The service is nothing to brag about. And the price for what you get/what you taste isn't worth it. I think what keeps this place afloat is the fact that it's in a strong business complex. Other than that, there are plenty of restaurants in Dana Park that I would much rather go to.Ǿ
Comparable to Chipotle... better chicken and better pork, but the beef isn't as good. They actually make the tortillas from scratch right in front of you which is cool. I'm talking balls of dough flattened and then cooked. The chips are fresh too, but a little bland and boring - along with their salsa. I tried the 'hot' and it just tasted like a bean and butter sauce with no spice in it at all. Kinda gross truth be told...

If Chipotle was Port of Subs, then this place would be Quiznos - I guess that's a fancy way of saying that after they assembled my burrito, they toasted it. It was pretty nice. I ate every bite, so I guess it was good eh? They take the Chipotle thing one step further and you can garnish your aluminum take-out tray (yeah, even if you dine-in you're eating in take away containers - not so classy for a nice dinner, but fine for lunch) with beans or a salad or whatever you like.

This whole concept is pretty interesting - let's take a Mexican restaurant and cut out the waiters. It makes sense actually in quite a few ways (that I won't go into). People certainly don't seem to mind the cafeteria style dining since these places are always packed. 

It's not going to be my favorite restaurant any time soon, and honestly if I'm driving this far for Mexican food I'm eating at Matta's. Still, it's very tasty... close second to Chipotle for this type of quickie sit-down meal.

On a side note - the strip mall it's in looks like it belongs in Dubai or something...Ǿ
First of all I want to say that the food at this restaurant was horrible. The service we had was horrible. My girlfriend is now down with food poisoning from this place. I hope they figure out something cause they made a place I have never been before a place I will tell everyone never to go.... Chandler and Pecos location is no good..Ǿ
Brought my husband here today because I ate here a few days ago and it was really good.  While I very much enjoyed the food quality today,  they definitely did not have their poop in the group today.  We were there a few minutes before 11 when they open and patiently waited outside,  it was a beautiful day...  5 min past 11 I decided to try the door in case I missed them unlocking it (BTW,  there are probably 7-8 other people waiting as well)...nope still locked. Around 10 after they opened the door to the hungry mob.  It was clear that they didn't have every one on the line,  and it took so long to get our food.  It wasn't quite right either.  I ordered the quesadilla meal which comes with rice and beans,  but they sort of forgot about my food and by the time we were paying they asked me if I wanted the rice and beans.  I didn't want to wait anymore so I just said no thank you.

I know stuff happens,  so hopefully this was an isolated incident.  I really like their food and would like to give them another chance.   My husband enjoyed his Chile Verde burrito and their salsa was great.Ǿ
This is like an expensive (which doesn't mean it is very much) Chipotle style restaurant.  The food was good, but not great.  I won't be going back any time soon.Ǿ
Just ate at Costa Vida in Gilbert.  Worst food I have eaten in some time.  The portions made up for the bad food.  They were very small and were not even considered enough for a meal by my 105 lb wife.  Why I say the portions were good because it simply meant I would not have to eat any more of what they call food.

The place was not crowded so the Cold food is unexplainable.  But it was so cold that I was going to take it back but after tasting it I just wanted to leave.  They have come up with some kind of sickening sweet BBQ type taste that is on everything.  You would think that poor portions of the main course would be hidden by a pile of beans and rice, but Oh no!  You would think the rice and beans were made of gold.  A small spoonful of each.  This place used to be good but just like every decent place.  They let it go to their head and start cutting back on portions and then the flavor goes and pretty quick they are serving crap like they are now.

WARNING: Go somewhere else for Mexican food because this cannot be classified as Mexican food in fact I dont know what you call it.  But when we got in the car my small skinney wife wanted to go somewhere to eat.Ǿ
Very unhappy with this Costa Vida.  I fell in love with Costa Vida (an alternative to feeling guilty to going to Cafe Rio to much) in Utah, but this one didn't cut it for me.  

It is incredibly slow, and the staff is not that happy, and even worse the hotness of the enchilada sauce is in-consistent - one time I go its perfect, and another time way to hot..  Cafe Rio is the same EVERY TIME - they have it down to an art I guess.  Costa Vida needs to learn that.

The sweet pork is very good and does have its own taste (compared to Cafe Rio), but since that's the only reason I guess I will just keep going to Cafe Rio.   

Besides liking them much better they give much bigger portions and Costa Vida kind of cheats you on the meat and size of the burrito.  

If you are new to Costa Vida and Cafe Rio - I would suggest Cafe Rio - its faster, better and much bigger portions.Ǿ
Yes the wait is long, for a very good reason. The food is awesome. We have always loved Costa Vida and always willǾ
I went here with a friend tonight for a quick dinner, and neither of us had eaten all day.

Let me tell you, we were not disappointed. Their sweet pork quesadillas are incredible, and they are exactly the way I imagined them to be. The servings are a big larger than I am used to, so I couldn't finish all of it, but the containers we were given easily fit lids to make them quick carry-outs. Definitely going to be eating here again, yum!

Watch it made right in front of you, friendly atmosphere, spacious area inside and out to eat.Ǿ
After living a couple blocks from Dana Park for almost 2 years, I finally found myself here. I really enjoy Cafe Rio so I was expecting something similar. I got a small chicken salad with the black beans and it was good, the dressing was good, everything was good. The restaurant was hot, the cashier even made a comment about it, and that's really the only negative. It wasn't the best meal I've had but I'll definitely be coming back.Ǿ
Love the nachos and that they have actual nacho cheese on them. I go there just for that, no were else uses that kind of cheese. Wasn't happy that the staff told me I could put anything I wanted on it and it would be charged the same, similar to subway. When I payed they charged me extra for every item added. Don't mind paying extra, but when I ask about it I would like the correct answer.Ǿ
This place is delicious. Definitely try their sweet shredded pork. It's seriously to die for. It's decently priced for the amount of food you get. Big burrito and a drink is about 8 dollars and the burritos are huge. This place is clean and the service is great. Will come again and again.Ǿ
Costa vida can be good the problem is that it's not constantly good. Also the pricing is confusing and if you ask the employes (ex. Does a side of sour cream cost anything?) all of them will give you a different answer. I like the pork but a lot of the time it is hardly shredded at all.Ǿ
Gotta have my sweet pork salad! So yummy!Ǿ
sweet pork burritio smothered. 'nuff said!