1 star because I ordered tacos and I found a long black hair in the taco, gross!!! It's not the 1st time this has happened here. They have no regards to health regulations. When you ask for condiments, they give attitude. When asked if they have a discount for military, she rolled her eyes at me. They completely messed up my husbands order and we called them about it and they wouldn't even apologize. They didn't even offer to fix it. That's ok because I will be in touch with corporate about everything.Ǿ
I went into this store at 10:08 PM, with no one at the drive way or in the store. I didn't get helped until 10:15 PM even though there were no customers because they were too busy talking to each other. When I walked in, they made eye contact with me several times between the period they saw me and when they actually helped me. I was really nice and happy when I first went in, but after waiting for so long, my mood really dropped, but I still ordered nicely and happily because I didn't want to seem rude.
What really made me mad was when someone finally stepped up to the cashier, she was extremely rude even though I was being nice. All I wanted was a munchie meal. I ordered the breakfast sandwich I wanted. Guess how long it took without any customers? 9 minutes because the 4 workers just continued talking. Someone went up to the driveway, and they decided to help and make that person's food before mine. Never coming back here. I wanted to demand for my money back but whatever.Ǿ
It was okay. A lot of variety though but I can't tell the difference because it's ANOTHER CHAIN fast food joint like McDonalds... Burger NOT bad but nothing too OUT THERE memorable either.Ǿ
Jack in my crack, my long lost friend.  Finding you was like seeing an oasis in the desert.  We got off the plane, and while i picked up the rental car, we also used the free wi-fi at the rental car terminal to find the nearest JITB.  This was it.  1 ultimate breakfast sandwich, 1 99 cent chicken sandwich and a shared order of egg rolls later, we were ready to take on the world!  We actually hit 4 different JITB's over the course of 4 days.  Service was fine at all, food outstanding.  Jack, If only you would open one in Nebraska, please!!!Ǿ
Terrible customer service.  No other way to say it. Even for fast food it's appalling. Nobody ever seems to actually be working the front register they float between the drive thru and dining room. Which means I wait twice as long when I eat in.Ǿ
Omg this was the most awesome service I've had all month! And it's funny how it's a fast food place and I got better service in the drive thru on a graveyard shift than any other restaurant I've been too lately!! Props to the funny drive thru guy with positive energy! I wish I got his name so I could name him on this review! Excellent job!Ǿ
I've been to this Jack in the Box on several occasions. There really isn't anything distinct about it. The service has been standard on every occasion that I have visited via the drive thru and I have no qualms about stopping here again if I'm in the area.Ǿ
This 2 star review is  based on this particular location, not JITB in general.  I have recently moved near this Jack so it was probably my 3rd time visiting and before today I would of given this location a couple more stars perhaps, but definitely negative stars for my experience today. I have only been through the drive thru so I cannot comment on anything inside, but  the previous couple times have been your standard drive thru experience, nothing amazing, but nothing to gripe about until today. 

There were 3 cars in line total including me when I ordered, so I would say it was not busy.  I asked the lady for a Big chicken sandwich combo (this was a request from my sister, I was actually going to 7-11 to get a drink next door, but figured I'd just get it there since they have 1.00 all size drinks now).  Anyway so I was asked what size and then I remembered she wanted no mayo so I asked for no mayo on the sandwich. Again I was asked what size, so I wasn't quite sure if she heard the request, but I thought I'd catch it on the readback, so I said small fry large coke (because of the 1.00 special).  After that the screen flashed 4.31 and that was it.  No readback, no pull up to the window, no asking if i wanted anything else ( I did). I sat there for at least 30 seconds waiting for something, but after it was clear nothing was coming I said, hello? and I was told to pull up to the window.  I asked the guy handing me my drink(a small drink btw) what her name was, and he started asking why I wanted to know. I told him because she was rude. He was nice enough to want to fix whatever was wrong but I was mad and just wanted to get the hell out of there. I did ask for him to make sure there was no mayo on the sandwich because it wasn't for me and at least I could have it right and I left. If the food was for me and not my sister I would of just drove on through hungry because I don't know if I've ever been that miffed in a drive thru.Ǿ
Why must this restaurant so notoriously SUCK?! With the exception of a few of these franchises, this corporation has got their big round ugly Jack-in-the-Box heads up their butts. Usually stinky lobbies with bad service and way over-priced food that tastes like they dug it out of the trash bin out back in the alley. At this particular Trop location, I ordered some fish with fries... what did I get? 3 triangles of frozen fish pieces thrown into a fryer and then loosely tossed into a carton that could hold 6 pieces, and a serving of burnt soggy fries slopped onto the tray with no napkins and no ketchup. One of the reasons this dump bothers me is because the company's commercials have that nitwit 'Jack' with his ever-annoying voice trying to act 'funny' while he tells us how cool and hip he is with his 'low-prices', 'good deals', and 'great food'. What can you say about a company that raises the price of a small cup of coffee to $1.81? The 99-cent cup of coffee should never change - even during a recession. They should give a little back to the patrons whom have made them the conglomerate they are. But nooo!.... make that extra buck, that extra quarter, that extra nickel, Jack-in-the-Box. Don't take a small loss or break even for 6 months. Well, I guess they WANTED me to avoid their restaurants in the future, because that's what I do now. Oh look! There's a McDonald's! Let's go!Ǿ
This review is a based on a very strong 2 or weak 3, however you want to take it.

Service is hit or miss with this location. 

Problems I have experienced with this location are as follows:

*Very Slow Service
*Rude Staff
*Messed up orders

I can almost tolerate rude employees at a fast food joint because they aren't paid very well and have to deal with a wide array of people. It's a tough job.

But with that said, at least get my order correct. If I place a simple order for myself, it will almost always be correct. If I place a large order for me to take home to family for dinner, it is almost always wrong.

Let's admit, most of do fast food drive thru because of the convenience factor. So, with that being said, we are most times in a rush to do something else besides wait on our food or wait on the 2 cars in front of you getting their food. 

I love Jack. But this location can definitely improve in some areas.Ǿ
Are you kidding me? My first time back to jack in the box in a long time and guess what? They messed up the order, AGAIN!

Went in for a quick snack, ordered our food and didn't have to wait too long for our order to arrive. As the expediter person was reading off what was in the bag, they realized they forgot an order of hash browns, which was readily fixed. Heading home, we divvied up the food and realized they forgot my main sandwich. 

I called, now 7-10 minutes after we had left the restaurant and the lady who answered the phone said, "Oh that's where this sandwich was supposed to go, they just handed it to me." Are you kidding me? As soon as I hung up the call, realized they made my wife's sandwich wrong too. They were not busy at all, there is no excuse for this many mistakes, except for incompetence.Ǿ
I know, it's Jack in the Box. But, I do, on occasion stop by this particular Jack in the Box on my way home from work. Sure, it's fast food, but when I need a meal and I'm feeling particularly mayonnaise-y Jack in the Box is the answer. I've never been in the actual dining area. I have only ever been through the drive-thru.

The reason for 4 stars is because of the quickness and ALWAYS happy drive-thru order takers. I am not sure what this Jack in the Box is doing that is making their employees so happy, but they're doing something right.

Overall - food, is fast food. You know, it's okay and it's there and it's cheap. But service is fantastic.Ǿ
This has to be there worst Jack in the Box ever!!!!! It is convenient because it right down the street from my house but I literally dread going there and a lot of time I will drive to the one on  Flamingo!!! The people who work here at night are the WORST!!!!! I swear it must be a requirement to be rude as hell to work here!!! I am a younger female and when I go they are staring, have MAJOR attitude and whisper to each other making you feel so uncomfortable!!! Not only have I had this horrible experience but so has everyone who lives with me. If myself and everyone I live with have all experienced this imagine what poor customer service they give to everyone! The one Hispanic girl who works nights can't EVER hear when your ordering food, she will keep saying "what" and than gets a attitude when you have to keep repeating your self and she can't hear. If you hate your job so much you have to be  rude every time than look for a new job! I work customer service and never in a million years would I EVER treat a customer so poorly, very sad!!!! Find new workers with better attitudes and that smile, it is their job!!!!!Ǿ
Here's why this place gets 5 stars from me:

CHARLENE!!!!!

She is truly terrific and has an award-winning smile!  Special requests don't "bother" her one bit, and she is one of the very few fast-food workers to whom I have given a TIP.

Two other outstanding employees are Pola and Ermisa.

I really enjoy stopping here and almost always use the drive-thru.Ǿ
Last week, Jack in the Box had a free chicken nuggets promo around here. Since I'm a fan of free food, I went to many locations. This one in particular doesn't seem to have good service, but they were the only one that asked me what kind of dipping sauce I wanted. Even though the honey mustard ended up being awful, I appreciate the service. By the way, the drive-thru was a lot faster than the inside for some reason.Ǿ
Damnit In-N-Out, why the hell did you have to be a madhouse? Then Lisa informs me I went to the busiest In-N-Out in the company. Well shoot. Jack in the Box here we come. 

Chicken Fajita Pita 
Chocolate Shake.
Bathroom that was actually clean (but I caught the guy in the middle of cleaning it) 
Next to the gas station.

Damnit.I said I would pay. For Nikki's food and the gas.
Why do I turn into Mrs. Money Bags Mcgee when I go to Vegas? *grumble, grumble, grumble*Ǿ
For some reason when i go there at night the same exact chick comes over the drive through and tells me they are closed.... with lights and the drive through open sign on, but surprise surprise when shes not there its open, worst customer service ever... even for fast food!!!!