Very competitive pricing.  Huge portions.  I was actually quite surprised on how big some of the portions were.  Portion size I feel must be highlighted here.  HUGE.  The oysters are huge, well depends in which size u order since there are 2 sizes.  Will definitely return.  Food quality is good.  Everything was decent.  Staff was friendly.  Your teapot is always full and your empty plates are taken away promptly.  They also clear off your bones plate when it reaches half full.  They don't pressure you to get anything in particular, which is nice since quite a few Cantonese restaurants try to sell u on the more expensive items on the menu, but not this place which is good.  Thing I didn't like was their noodle in soup which is only served up to 5pm... The noodles looked like they were overcooked and had absorbed a lot of the soup...so tasted kinda bad...had to leave that one to waste but everything else was good.  Restaurant is quite new and the decor was above average for the typical Cantonese restaurant especially for the pricing.  They take credit card which is not the case for every chinese restaurant so that's another plus.  Worth a try.笑
Too bad I can't give this place a zero! Worst Asian restaurant I've ever been too! The food is disgusting, they even messed up the squid legs with tons of salt. The shrimp chow main was the most nasty chow main I have ever had! Im from an Asian area and I've had amazing food. This place is HORRIBLE! DO NOT GO HERE!!! PS: The service is horrible too.笑
This is my first time here,Since they reopened,The food is very good,(delicious i must say.Service was excellent,And courteous,I had the general Tao chicken with rice & vegetables,With a spring roll, spicy as it should be.
Comes with soup and a pop,For $7.99 Lunch special,and they give you a lot of food for that price,
I recommend you try it,You won't be sorry.笑
Good environment. Decent service. While there is no congee when I went there one month ago.  Food is good. Prices are ok.笑
Very good quality food with excellent service provided. Reasonable price. New fresh renovated with private room for party as well. Will refer to friends and going back with my families soon.笑
Came for dinner on a weeknight around 9:30pm, service kind of slow with the restaurant being pretty empty at that time, but otherwise pleasant. Ordered Lobster E-Fu Noodles & Spicy Lettuce. Noodles were not bad, with decent amount of lobster for 2 people (not huge marble pieces, but good enough). Lettuce was large portion and flavourful.

The best part of the meal was the unexpected complimentary dessert - "snow fungus" that night - very soft, sweet and smooth.笑
amazing oysters. So fresh. Welcoming and friendly staff. price is pretty good as well. Definitely worth 5 stars. I am going to recommend it to my friends for sure.笑
The steamed fish was very fresh and tasty. The soya sauce and texture of the fish was good.  The lobster was fresh. The peas was not bad, it can be more flavourful. The tea they serve was very nice, it is of higher quality. My mom is very picky with chicken, but even she enjoyed it. Besides from the limited parking. The overall experience was good. We will be coming back again!笑
Went for lunch and pricing is competitive with other lunch special offerings.  Service is very good-polite and efficient.  The decor is nice and they also have a few VIP rooms for private gatherings.   Food (can only comment on the lunch specials but I expect dinner to be similar) is quite good...Frankly how can you differentiate your food unless it's really good or bad???   If it's fresh, competitively price, decent portions and tastes good.  I typically rate it a 4/5.

The only potential issue here is parking since they share the parking with a very busy Tim Hortons.  The good news is that the turnover of cars at Tims is quite fast.   At least they have taken steps to fix the parking issue since they have free parking next door at Parkway Car Wash after 630pm M-Sat and all day on Sundays.   This is really important for dinner and I glad they were proactive enough to fix this issue.笑
I was expecting having a seafood feast at Captain's Catch. But fresh seafood selection is quite limited. 

We ended up ordering:

鎮江糖醋排骨 ($12.99) Fried Spare ribs in Chinkiang Style - too fatty, 50% of the ribs were fat!

美極虎蝦 ($14.99) Tiger Shrimps in Maggi Sauce - Really tasty and shrimps were well prepared!

蒜末蒸生蚝 ($ 5.99 each) Steamed Oysters in Minced Garlic - at $6 a piece, we got 1 big one which was double the size of the other one?! Taste was good but I don't think I will order that again!

I would not consider Captain's Catch is a real "seafood" restaurant but a standard Cantonese restaurant. The dish can be a hit or miss. Service is quite attentive and I do like the booth seating and there are quite a few tables available for smaller group.

They do accept credit cards! A pleasant surprise!笑
This place uses to be called Congee Phoenix, a slightly cozy and affordable Chinese restaurant, but after a fire destroyed the roof and kitchen they decided to renovate and transform their restaurant style and prices as a result rose up quite a bit.  

The quality has not changed much compared to before, I would give Congee Phoenix 4 stars for the food and service, but to raise the price and serve the same EXACT food after simply saying now you serve lobster and king crab? I'm sorry that doesn't make sense to me.  

If you're somehow craving for Chinese-style lobster and large plates for rice/noodles, I suppose this place is worth a visit.笑
Came in for my mother's birthday. We had fried rice, deep fried crab balls, lobster, and steamed veggies. Everything was absolutely delicious, especially the lobster! The one criticism that I have about the Captain's Catch is the service - we felt like we were being ignored at certain times during our experience here...although it was busy when we came in, I wish they were more attentive, especially when they were giving me eye contact back when I tried to get their attention...笑
My go to restaurant in the area. No MSG (I'm quite sensitive to msg usually) and prices are fair for the quality of food they provide. Lunch prices are unbelievably affordable and is a must try!