This is the restaurant inside the Camelback Inn spa.

Decent quality, average size portions, but the service here was the standout....very friendly and offering lots of suggestions.

The salmon I had was good.  A little overpriced but not unexpected.笑
Wont' go into the details of where Sprouts is, the fact that it's a "Wellness Food & Bar" joint in a spa on the Camelback Inn Marriott property... as deb covered that above.

The setting is a bit weird, more like a bar than a restaurant... feels more like you're eating in a golf club (dishwasher noises, blender noises...), net/net, not super cosy or anything. So minus points for atmosphere, IMHO.

I'd give the food a 3.5/5. 

+ Points:
- Calorie count for each item on the menu (after all, this is a health food joint)
- Taste of the food
- Speed of Service

- Points:
- Misleading descriptions on the menu - my wife ordered a heirloom tomato salad, got some leaves and 2 slices of generic safeway tomatoes.... hmmph!
- Forgotten promises - we asked for more tomatoes.., the server said she'd get some but never came back to provide them....
- Non zen feel
- Uninspiring desserts
- Really sucky value for money: $65 for 2 people. Pff.笑
On top of the Camelback Inn property, definitely have to drive to it.  Off of the spa and you look out to the lap pool.  Healthy items $9-18
http://www.camelbackinn.com/dining/3029Sprouts.pdf Menus list the health aspects next to the item.  Tried the butternut squash soup, was excellent, not to much cumin, $7, 3 dip with homemade seed crackers w/ hummus, roasted eggplant and cuke/yogurt.  Crackers were excellent.  Blue crab cakes,, very tasty, 3 of them,  $11.  Fruit platter, blue berry, raspberry, blackberries, grapes, cantaloupe, honeydew, pineapple, watermelon with a apple cored out with strawberry yogurt, $12.  All fruit was in season but the cantaloupe.

My friends joined me from the spa, I was so jealous.  Spa prices are high but you are at a 4 star resort.笑
Great lunch value and delish! Friendly staff I love picking up a sandwich to go here!笑
I enjoyed the Pina Colada and Steamed Asparagus.

I came here after reading about Sprouts on FoodNetwork.com.

http://www.foodnetwork.com/restaurants/articles/on-the-road-eats--vegetarian-favorites.html

Sprouts is a restarant connected to the Spa at the Camelback Inn Scottsdale Marriott resort.

The music, food and beverage were peaceful, delicious and enjoyable.

I sat outside and enjoyed the view and the weather.

Now I just need to come back for the full spa treatment.

My side dish and cocktail cost about $22.00 after tip and tax.

Arizona residents, tourists and spa guests are welcome at Sprouts too.笑
Pretty darn good little café at the Spa at Camelback. Most of the fare is quite healthy (except their extensive selection of cocktails) and very fresh and tasty. I've eaten here a couple of times and on my most recent visit had a very good grilled chicken Caesar spinach wrap with vegetable chips. Good flavor, especially in the chicken where you could really taste fresh herbs, and with the chips. They're still basically a salt delivery vehicle, but marginally better for you than the potato variety. There are a few tables and then a bar with comfy stools which looks directly out over the length of the spa pool and the mountains beyond. The service here isn't quiiiiiiite as polished as at other outlets in the resort, but it's still fine.笑
Why 4 stars? Cuz any place named Sprouts that is known for it's healthy food and can still satisfy the likes of me is pretty good, in my book. 

Maybe it's the state of nirvana that I am usually in when I eat here having just stumbled out of the spa with some ridiculous service that involves rubbing my body all over and massaging my head. Maybe it's that it sits on the edge of a beautiful pool overlooking the desert. Or maybe it's the scores of beautiful people sitting on plush chaises wrapped in robes that make me like this place so much. 

But whatever the reason . . . I am hooked. And here's a secret. No need to eat sprouts or other "rabbit" foods if you don't want to. On this visit I had a vodka lemonade raspberry drink (exquisite to sip while basking in the sun) and a cheese plate with bread and fruit to nibble on that was big enough to serve three people. 

And the service? Spot on. I think my server just wanted to spend more time out at the pool cuz she was great! Not obtrusive but always there with a water refill or to remove my tray when I was ready.   Not interested in eating outside?  No problem as there are plenty of tables indoors and a bar to sit at.

So the next time you are at the Camelback Inn, head to the back of the property to the spa. For it is there that you will find Sprouts in the Spa . . . and a tranquil place to indulge yourself and to fill your tummy!笑
Loved the food and service and of course it's hard to be unhappy when eating poolside at the spa!  I tried the Thai chicken lettuce cups which was great to split.  Alsoo had a great salad and do not miss the chocolate fondue-great tasty fruit and cake to dip in a little chocolate pot-another one that is great to split.  The cocktails were very light, used fresh ingredients, and were refreshing - perfect.  The staff were very attentive and helpful, checking in to see if you need something without being pushy or annoying.笑
Very good food. Shrimp roll appetizer was great, and a nice light/fresh strawberry salad for $9 is a deal at this resort.笑
A friend of mine recently stayed at the JW Marriott Camelback Inn on business, and lucky for me, she had free time for lunch one day... So per her suggestion, I met her at Sprouts for lunch.

Despite having been to this gorgeous resort on several occasions for all kinds of events, fundraisers, company meetings, meals at Rita's Kitchen, BLT, and drinks at the onsite Starbucks, this was the first time I dined at Sprouts.  It will not be the last...

We enjoyed the casual serene atmosphere, friendly service, and healthy, food.  We shared a veggie burger, a Greek salad, and a side of asparagus, and it was all delicious.

You don't need to be a hotel guest to stay here or visit the spa, but if you're onsite for any reason and in need of some healthy fuel for your body, head over to Sprouts, without a doubt!