4/5

I was craving a poke bowl for the longest time, and I'm super happy with my decision coming to ONO Poke Bar.

ONO Poke Bar is your typical Poke Bar but executed well. You can choose from a base of spring mix, brown rice, or sushi rice. There are 5 - 7 pre-determined combination pokebowls/burritoes, and an option to create your own as well! (choose base, 3 vegetables, and various toppings, 1 protein) for $13 + additional cost for deluxe toppings/extra protein.

When I first went into the store I was like WHOA there. The store was just so compact. Once you enter you are literally right in front of the waiting area for the poke bowl. You have to literally SQUEEZE by just to get to the end of the line... and this is especially difficult when there are several people waiting/deciding on their order.

The order area may be super squished, but the Patio and dining area are a little better in terms of breathing room. The earthen decor definitely makes up for the lack of space though! Cool paintings, statues, and signage everywhere you look!!!

The staff are also incredibly sweet. They were very patient with my picky customizations. I ordered a Classic Salmon Poke Bowl with sauce on the side, purple cabbage instead of fried onion, and extra furikake. They pleasantly asked if I wanted a bag, and were very courteous about everything from my transaction, to ordering, to pickup.

SOYA!!! (sauce) I love ONO Poke Bar. It's healthy, delicious, and the service is friendly. But the reason why I'm only giving this place 4 stars instead of 5 is that 1) it's pricey... now usually I'm okay with paying $13+ for a meal so long as the quality of the expensive ingredients is acceptable... but the salmon in my Classic Salmon Poke Bowl was subpar. It was unnecessarily fatty (chewy white parts), it didn't taste that fresh (no taste of ocean :( ) and I felt like the added soy sauce just masked the tastelessness of the salmon even more. Honestly would have been perfect if they used better quality seafood :'( oh wells.

They also have a customer loyalty card. 5th poke bowl is 50% off, and for every 10 purchases you get a free poke bowl/burritoes.

Overall, let's hope my wallet doesn't cry because it looks like I'm gonna go for the free poke bowl :P笑
Ordered the torched salmon poke for lunch. It was pretty good and a nice change from the same old lunch spots at LV. Service was quick and staff friendly. Definitely will visit again.笑
The salmon bowl with wasabi mayo was delicious. There are so many sides to pick from you can customize your bowl to be everything you ever dreamed of. The staff was friendly and helpful.笑
I have some diet restriction which the staff here are very understanding about and cater to.  They go above and beyond to make sure I'm getting the right poke bowl.  The won me over from the moment I walked in the door, as they went above and beyond what I was expecting.  

The food and customer service here are great!笑
Excellent! So fresh, so tasty, so friendly! I finally stopped in here after two weeks in town and picked up a poke bowl. Steven and Jessica were very nice and helpful. All of the ingredients are incredibly fresh and tasty. I got the spicy mango salmon bowl with a perfectly flavored sauce (that I had on the side) and the tofu bowl. Next time I'm in Toronto I won't wait until a few nights before I leave to visit this place...so I can get it more than once!笑
Oh man. You wanna get filled up, go here immediately.

It feels like about a metric ton of food. And good food. They have torched salmon - which is pretty uncommon, I think - and crazy tasty tofu bowl. It's pretty sweet, but there's an awesome mix of ingredients and textures.

It's heavier than some poke, mostly because of delicious delicious sauces. So don't expect to be all low cal/carb with this place. Think comfort food poke.

If you can finish one in a single seating, you're my hero. So, go try.笑
Great Poke spot in liberty village. Had the torched salmon and honey tuna which were both good. It's a small area with not too much seating, would be a good take out spot. Quite a lot of filling, moderate amount of meat, still gets you full tho. You can't pick and choose your toppings like customizing dish. Overall decent poke place.笑
Tried this yesterday- amazing customer service and the food was sooooo good!! I can't wait to go back!笑
The portion of their poké bowl is so much!!! I couldn't finish one by myself which is so worth the $14 compare to other poké place! I love their sauce and food are fresh! Definitely recommend to others. Will be one of my favourite dinner takeout place! 

The owners are very nice by the way!笑
I was lucky to attend the soft opening for the LV community. They took over the old ice cream parlour. The tasting event offered 5 choices of poke bowls / burritos. I was surprised that they served torched salmon which I think no other poke place has on its menu.

The torched salmon bowl was really good. In the bowl was a choice of brown or white rice with some edamame, tangerines, roe and other stuff.  It was a good balance and I was full at the end.  The sushi burritos were also good with torched salmon.  

In the summer, people can enjoyed the patio. We sat at the patio with heat lamps as the inside was finishing up the renovations. Definitely, a welcomed addition to the area.笑
I ate at Ono Poke Bar twice in one week. It's the best poke I've tried in the city! Highly recommended!笑
Great combinations and flavors. Friendly staff, quick service. Will become a regular lunch spot with coworkers~笑
I tried the torched salmon poke bowl and loved it. I can be a bit hit or miss about fish, but the flavour of the bowl was awesome and well-balanced. Initially, I thought the price seemed a bit high (after tax and tip) but you get ALOT of food (like, there is serious weight to these bowls), and there are a number of high quality, expensive, ingredients in the mix. I'm so happy that this as an option in the neighbourhood now... I think I could eat a bowl for every meal!笑
Came here cause coworker introduced me to it. 

Food: 3 / 5 
Have been here 4 times. 
The bowl is awesome. 
I wanted and tried ordering the sushi burrito through Ritual, when I opened the burrito back in the office everything fell off, which made a horrible eating experience. 

Customer Service: 4/5 
Quite attentive most of the time

Price: 3.5/5
Most poke bowl / burrito or wrap places' pricing are usually around this price. 

Overall: Definitely try the bowl, I would hesitate about the burrito.笑
Got the seared tuna burrito. It was delicious. The flavors infused in the burrito were perfect. Spoke with one of the owners after my meal. He was humble and friendly and I'll definitely be back when I visit. The staff was friendly and made this a very pleasant meal. Thanks ONO and hope the business blooms!
P.S. The packaged wasabi is extremely spicy. Be careful as you use it!笑
Food is great! The ingredients are fresh, it has a great balance of tastes, and the portions are huge! I couldn't finish a bowl on my own.

It's a bonus that the staff is so enthusiastic.笑
So happy that this placed turned out to be a gem, it's right beside my apartment!

Can be a bit of a wait if you catch them during peak hours but the food is fresh & delicious. I had the classic salmon sushi burrito, generously sized & really tasty. 

Can't wait to go back and try some of the other menu items!笑
This place was in a nice little spot. Super fresh and really good mixture in the bowl. We got the classic salmon bowl. We mixed brown rice with salad which made it balanced. Really friendly staff笑
The food is great and fresh as they prep everything in house and provide a generous portion. The employees are always a pleasure to talk to and the prices are fair.笑
I spontaneously discovered ONO on ritual and became an instant fan! TBH, the other poke places in Toronto aren't very good... they add so many random toppings (i.e. kale??)... it ends up tasting like a freshii rice bowl. 
Back to ONO, the portions are pretty massive, the toppings are delicious and compliment the raw fish nicely. I also really like how they TORCH the raw fish in their poke bowls. I wish they gave more fish so i'm not only left with toppings half way through the bowl. I hope they open a  second location closer to central dt!

Recommendations: 
ONO Torched Ahi Tuna
ONO Torched Salmon笑
The BEST poke place ive ever tried! Got my poke fix. The torched salmon is so good. The ingredients are so fresh. Great value for the price, the portions are so generous. Would definitely go back and try the other flavours. P.s the guys working there are so kind and cool.笑
One word. WOW.

This is the best poke place I have been to. The fish is fresh, they have a huge selection of unique toppings and their sauces are made in-house and taste amazing.

I've been here 3 times already since they opened and their torched salmon bowl is my go to order. 

The owners are super friendly, patient and helpful with their recommendations. They also have a loyalty card that lets you get the 5th bowl for 50% off and the 10th bowl for free. I will definitely be coming back.笑
I was looking for something different after flying into town. I love Hawaiian Poke, but hadn't tried the bowls that are becoming so popular. It's a lot of food, tons of different combinations of proteins, fruits/veggies, and sauces.
I designed my own bowl, but I think I'll do one of their combinations on a future visit.
I tried a few different sauces and settled on the spicy mango. It was a good combo of flavor and spice.
The people are super nice and patient with a first-timer.
I'm in the area very infrequently, but hope to return.