This place is just OK. I usually don't complain about price ever but I agree with the previous reviewer. It's way over priced for what it is. The food is ok but nothing spectacular. I had the grilled cheese with fig jam and it was good but the restaurant itself is a little lacking.Plus, I waited a very long time for my to go order and the place was not very busy. I probably won't be back.笑
Yummy! What a great selection of sandwiches - interesting and successful combinations of veggies, artsy cheeses, and seasonings! Wonderful environment, too -- it was the place to be for lunch on a Monday!笑
This place has so much potential. The good: Menu choices are nice. Interior nice. My hamburger was very good once I got it. The service was friendly. The bad: Took too long to get the food. The fountain beverages tasted off. Quite certain that they had too much carbonation but the guy didn't really understand. Also, the cup was filled to the edge with ice so I had about 1/3 cup of soda. Fries were very disappointing. All they tasted of was the grease they were cooked in. It would be nice to have some sort of unique or different fries since the melts are so different rather than the regular, tasteless frozen ones cooked in bad grease. If they could sort out the slowness and terrible fries, it would be a great town place to go. Maybe it was just a bad day so will try again.笑
I visited the Village Melt for a third time last week. I ordered the Walnut Street sandwich (to go) and sweet potato fries. I paid for my food and then sat at the counter waiting for my order.

A little while later I heard (and saw) the manager give an employee some money to go to the store to get more sweet potato fries because they'd run out. The manager looked at me and told me they had run out. He didn't suggest another option (did he expect me to wait?), so I said I would just take regular fries. 

Though I did appreciate how I could taste the spread on this sandwich (opposed to the previous times) I feel as if I'm an after thought when I go to this restaurant. I've yet to feel welcomed or that I matter as a customer.笑
Good Sandwiches, average environment. Not enough explanation of the Concept.  The server/counter person needs patience with New Customers笑
A decent option for lunch on the weekends while you're in Sewickley village. Green Goddess is very fresh and flavorful. The Italian is large and uses just a bit too much bread. The battered fries are delicious. Ample portion sizes, great prices.笑
I made plans to catch up with a friend over lunch and Sewickley just happens to be a central location.  I told her I would find a good spot to meet and started my Yelp search.  

The Village Melt popped up so I started exploring the menu and reviews to see if I'd present it as an option.  I started drooling over the menu but then became worried by the Yelp reviews.  Most of the negatives seemed to be due to long wait times for food.  I knew we'd be chatting for a couple hours at least so the wait wouldn't bother us.  I made the suggestion and my friend eagerly agreed.

We met on a weekday around 1pm.  I'm not sure if the day or time made a difference.  Inside, The Village Melt has a modern feel.  Clean, new, not cluttered.  They have a cold case where you can pick up pre-made salads.  There was one other patron when we arrived who had already been served.  There were two employees there when we arrived, both younger men.  We ordered at the counter, paid for our meals and had a seat.

My friend ordered The Benson (basically a grilled cheese with Cheddar, Havarti, Monterey) and a peanut butter milkshake.  She tried to order the sweet potato fries but they were out.  I ordered The Wakin' Bacon (Bacon, Tomato, Cheddar, Fried Egg) with fries and a vanilla shake.  Our shakes came out after they were made (just a couple minutes) and both our sandwiches were brought to our table within ten minutes.  

I'm still thinking about that sandwich days later.  The bread was buttered and grilled just enough so that the whole sandwich nearly melted in my mouth.  Good amount of bacon, two fried eggs and enough cheese to make it nice and gooey inside.  The fries were okay, my shake was good.  My friend didn't have a complaint and we both agreed we'd gladly meet there again.  The chef even came over to our table to make sure everything was to our liking.

My one star deduction is mostly because it seems a bit pricey for what you get.  Most sandwiches clock in at around $10 (fries, coleslaw or side salad included).  The sandwich was big enough but the portion of fries did not match.  The shakes, too, seemed small for the cost.  The Village Melt does boast that they use the freshest ingredients.  But for lunch in the suburbs, it seems a little high.笑
I work near by and stop here for lunch on occasion. Everything I've tried has been pretty good, I loved the battered fries. The staff is always nice.笑
Have had several different grilled cheese sandwiches.  All very good, but could use more cheese for the price especially considering the name of the place.  Owner is very personable.  Inside is very nicely updated.笑
Ok, the sandwiches are good, BUT......

Not worth the price for the complete lack of service, the extremely long wait for food and the uncomfortable environment. Please change the layout, offer self-serve drinks and get more staff.  The prices are similar to a sit down restaurant but yet you have to get everything yourself and beg for refills because they serve their drinks in a tiny cup. They yell your name from the kitchen to come get your food after waiting FOREVER.  It's bad. The owners should take a look at how other fast casual restaurants deliver service.  I've had much better service at Chik-fil-a and Panera and paid a lot less! Charging high prices and giving zero service is a horrible business model. It's too bad because the food is actually pretty good.笑
First off, the sandwiches are good, BUT..... not worth the high prices, the extremely long wait nor suffering through the complete lack of service provided.  The layout of the restaurant is poor with everything crammed in the back half of the building. It takes FOREVER to get your food and then you have to go and get it it yourself. I could see if it was quick service and relatively inexpensive but it's definitely NOT. The only thing that isn't self serve are the drinks which is pretty lame considering the prices.  The dudes working there are nice but seem pretty clueless about customer service.  Owners should take a visit to other successful fast casual restaurants to learn how to get faster and better.  Oh, and the hours are stupid, too. Who closes a restaurant at 6 PM?!笑
Stopped in for lunch,  my first visit.   "The melt" is real casual but the food is amazing.  This isn't white linen service,  just good eats.    I had the chichi (chorizo,  jalapeño,  Monterey) on white.   Worth every penny.   I was told they used Mancini bread, always a plus.   Sandwich came with fries which I dipped in the Sriracha mayo they have at the table.  I really wish every restaurant kept sriracha mayo at the table.

Grabbed a wildberry shake for the road,  also outstanding.笑
First experience was mediocre. Slow service. I ordered the Castro (a Cuban - ham and pork etc) with a side salad. The half of the sandwich that actually got pork in it was really good. The other half got approximately one tablespoon of pork on it. The salad was a joke - iceberg lettuce, a cucumber slice, a few shaves of carrot, and a couple small chunks of tomato. My wife got the Reuben and fries, both of which were very good. We'll try it again, but with low expectations.笑
So, I have been to the village melt 3 times now. Once, we were the only people there. The other 2 times it was pretty busy. The food is consistently good, although really really overly buttered. But the wait is terrible. Whether we were the only people there or the place was packed, we waited 20+ minutes for grilled cheese. Now, I understand that making food takes time, but I don't understand why making grilled cheese takes 20 minutes? Definitely don't go here if you are in a rush, but if you aren't, it is good grilled cheese.笑
Fresh, fast, affordable, and delicious.  Perfect lunch spot for when you're in the Sewickley area!".笑
Average is the only way to describe The Village Melt. Sandwich tasted great, sweet potato fries were soggy, and it took over 15 minutes to get my order. The owner was yelling at an employee who called in sick and sent another to retrieve bottles of Diet Coke as his fountain was down. It felt disorganized despite it being slow and four employees were running around. Under new management/ownership the concept is a good one. Until that happens, I'll pass.笑
Food was good-to-very-good but several employees needed an attitude adjustment and/or customer service training on the day we were there.   Will definitely go again and hope for a better experience.笑
This place seemed a little unorganized as far as their ordering process goes. There was a lot of yelling order numbers and employees blindly walking around not sure who is supposed to have the food they are carrying around. I wish I could remember which sandwich I got, but it's slipped my mind. Either way though, it was good. Not the best I've ever had, but good. Its kind of hard to mess up a grilled cheese. I had a side of cole slaw too that I thought tasted awesome. Sometimes cole slaw can go horribly wrong and they did it right.笑
*knocks on door*
*walks into restaurant*
*goes to sit down*
*waiter comes over* 
"Sorry, we closed early today."

ONE WEEK LATER

*knocks on door*
*walks into restaurant*
*goes to sit down*
*waiter comes over* 
"Sorry, we closed early today."

And today, the same thing happened. Frankly, I am appalled at The Village Melt. Closing a restaurant early?!?!!?????? YOU CANT DO THAT. All I wanted was a strawberry milkshake. Disappointed.笑
The Reuben was delish. The fries were crunchy and yummy. The portion size was perfect for lunch. My only complaint is the service. It was not very busy and it took a long time to take our order and bring over our drinks. We weren't given any utensils or napkins. There were none on the tables.笑
Waited almost 45 minutes for some grilled cheese sandwiches. They never brought us our waters. Ordered the crabbie and they forgot to put on the asparagus (main reason I wanted it) but knew if I asked for it I would wait another half hour for it. Overall food was tasty but very disappointed in the service.笑
WAY WAY WAY overpriced. Terrible value. This is not a sit-down, order from the menu restaurant. It's barely a step above fast food. Got 2 cheese melt sandwiches (comes with small side of fries) and 2 shakes (not very large) for $32 (!!!!!) - could have gotten MUCH better food in MUCH nicer atmosphere with real plates and silverware and a waiter for that price. 

Here, you walk up to the counter to order and then grab your PLASTIC utensils and thin napkins to take back to the uncomfortable tables and chairs. Then the food arrives in plastic baskets and paper cups for the drinks. The owner must be making a tremendous profit margin as the overhead has to be minimal given the incredibly cheap way the food is served and there is no wait staff. 

The sandwiches were extremely disappointing. Minimal fillings. Again, a cost-cutting measure I assume. When the fellow that brought the food over walked by and asked how we liked it, I had to be honest and say it wasn't very good - too much bread (meaning hardly any filling). It wasn't his fault though. Later, another man - I assume the manager - stopped by to say he heard we didn't like it - have to give him credit for that. When he heard "too much bread", he took it to mean the bread itself was too thick (it wasn't) and said it was thinner than the first type they had used. I didn't bother explaining I meant "too much bread" means "not enough stuff inside".  

Admittedly, we went there remembering a "Melt" restaurant in Cleveland where, for the same price or less, you get such big cheese melt sandwiches that you can hardly hold them and can easily take half home for a second meal. Even without a direct comparison to the other restaurant, the value here was the kicker - can't get past that price for the poor quality of food and crappy setting.  

Could be an interesting concept (and works in Cleveland), but horrible execution in Sewickley. Will not go back and do not recommend.笑
I was initially turned off by the exterior but once we went inside I was actually pleasantly surprised.  The interior is quite modern which is not represented well by the painted glass signage.

The menu was very appealing.  I went with the pulled pork sandwich, the kids split a burger and my wife got a burger as well.

We waited a long time.  The fountain beverages were off.  The mix was wrong or something.  They gladly replaced the drinks with soda from a 2 litre bottle bought at the market, so they knew they had an issue.

The food finally came and it was good.  Just inconsistent.  I felt bad because the manager seemed to be working quite hard but the place seemed to be feeling it's way and certainly running at peak performance.

I will try it it again.  I live in Sewickley and want places like this to make it.


We went back and the fountain was fixed, everything was a little more organized.  It still took a while.  I assume this is because of the fresh ingredients?  Made to order?  I had the burger and cheese fries.  Pretty tasty.笑
I arrived in Sewickley not really sure where to eat with my son. We ended up parking on a side street and before I could whip out my phone to check Yelp for a suggestion I got a whiff of something delicious! We parked right next the The Village Melt and decided we had to stop in.

The decor was nice - fitting the standard of restaurants today, marquee lights as a statement, hard wood, chalkboard sign with hand written menu. Popular style, but lacking a little character. 

You order at the counter and it took me a little while to decide from the extensive menu. I decided on the Walnut melt which was delicious! It had Gruyere, ham and a walnut spread. It was gooey and savory and hit the spot on a nice Fall day. It came with a generous portion of fries that I devoured. I certainly was a part of the clean plate club with this meal. My son had a grilled cheese which he ended up not touching but he loved the fries. His meal wasn't on a kids menu but was simple enough that any kid would like it. I was glad they had milk for him to drink but no kids cups with a kid. He did fine luckily! 

The man at the counter was very friendly and personable. The service was quick and they brought the sandwiches to our table. 

I would definitely recommend the place but wish they would make it more kid friendly since it's such a laid back restaurant.笑
We have gone here three times and probably will not be back. We almost always wait more than 15 minutes for a sandwich or two and it's never crowded. This last time we went we waited 25 MINUTES for a tuna melt. My kids were getting crazy by 15 minutes and the owner/manager just kept staring at us. I finally went up and asked where our order was and was told we were next. I also asked to buy a milk for my boy and was told they save the milk for my milkshakes but she could make me one. Ugh, no thanks! Why would I want to order one when you made me and my kid feel bad? The owner was also nagging at the employees and wasn't helping with anything. We won't be back which stinks because the food is good but customer service and timing is awful.