I wouldn't usually write a review on a fast food restaurant, but I felt congratulations were in order. I can honestly say that my experience with Popeye's in Vegas has not been the greatest. I vudited this location about a year ago and I was not very please. I usually go to the Popeyes at nellis afb and an never dissapointed there. They happened to be closed so we ended up at this location (Rancho/bonanza). Newly remodeled, it's clean, the staff is quick, nice and attentive. The chicken was good and we were not disappointed. Give this location a try.Ǿ
You better ask for the things you would normally would expect from any other location,  napkins, fork,  straw, cocktail sauce.Ǿ
Haven't been to this location in awhile but they use to have the most amazing people working here.  When I say "amazing" I mean people who are not afraid to tell you to off if you complain about the wait...they knew that they were the only Popeys in town...hehe.  Now that we have numerous locations Im not sure their as abrasive.

Always great fried chicken!!Ǿ
Pos team made me wait 20 min for a terrible meal. I inquired why it was taking so long and they ignored me. Never coming back, never recommending.Ǿ
The service is terrible, they always forget to give me sauce, lines are slow, and all the workers have attitudes. But the food is so good I don't care about the service. 10/10 would come back again for  delicious chickenǾ
i have been there three times and never again. first two times the wait for spicy strips was more than five minutes. last  i got a food borne illness from the strips. i know it was the strips because i only eat once a day and that was it.Ǿ
It's very unpleasant to get home without your entire order!  The staff is in need of supervision and training.  It felt like you were in a field trip with a bunch of 5 year Olds running the restaurant! !!Ǿ
BAAAAAAAD customer service EVERY time I end up @ this joint!  It's not my fault that you hate your job or your life or both, so I don't need all of your stank attitude projected on me!  All a sista wanted was a 3 piece! don't mean the good Michael Jackson type of bad, I'm talkin' 'bout the what's that funky smell bad!  The red beans & rice are a joke now, and only the skin is seasoned.  I recommend Harold's over Popeye's ANY day.Ǿ
Popeyes at Rancho & 95 has undergone quite a transformation in the last couple of years. Had I written this review two years ago I would have given it two stars tops. The remodel and subsequent upgrades have vastly improved the quality of service that you receive via the drive up window. 

Back a couple years ago, every single time I would go there via drive thru to get a Shrimp Po' Boy and side of Cajun fries I would constantly be asked to pull around and park at the side waiting for my order. I appreciate that food was made to order but the constant need to wait was frustrating to say the least. It seems with the remodel that they also upgraded their cooking equipment to allow for quicker delivery of food items. I placed a traditional shrimp order and another sandwich for the kids. It was promptly served and the employee quickly processed my charge transaction. I would like to see them accept Apple Pay in the future, but that's a minor request. 

Overall, I think they offer a nice alternative to McDonalds and their Shrimp Po' Boy and Cajun fries are still awesome. Enjoy!Ǿ
Do not visit this premises on tuesdays lol. Crowded.Ǿ
This Popeyes USED to be one of my favorite places to grab a quick bite.  The chicken was dry.  I ordered red beans and rice and got mashed potatoes.  My iced tea tasted old and oh, they didn't even bother to give me a spoon for the potatoes.  The girl at the drive thru window was rude and practically tossed the bag to me.  Never again.  There are newer Popeyes in better areas that still serve the chicken, biscuits and red beans and rice I love!Ǿ
Chicken was horrible ! I love Popeyes I swear I go but just because you are busy doesn't mean turn up the oil and cook the outside of the chicken and not the inside ... the reason why I am so upset is because when I tried to call the store they never answer the phone . After work I drove back there to explain the situation . I was not asking for a refund of money I would of been happy with a coupon or somthing . The manager Jacqueline!!! Needs to be FIRED . She sat there and had a smile on her face the whole time like it was funny . Told me she wasent going to do anything unless I have the chicken from 4 hours ago ... mind you I picked up food for a co-worker and myself on lunch . I called them while I was still on lunch 3 times and there was no answer . They when I told her what is so funny ... she started laughing . I'm going back up there tomorrow to see if there is a store manager  I can speak to . She was working at night so this might just be a shift leader manager or somthing .. I called corporate also and I'm making a follow up because she doesn't need to have a job if she wants to laugh in people's faces ... another thing !! When I went back up thereafter work there was two other people in line that had a complaint ! SAD SAD SAD .Ǿ
Worst Popeyes Ever! Parking lot is ridiculous, service is terribly slow, had to repeat my order several times and I still had to correct the person at the window. I ordered 3 of the 5 piece chicken strip meals and 1 spicy 5 strip. Then I was told that they just had a fresh batch of chicken but only had enough chicken for 2 mild and 2 spicy? Then it wasn't ready so I had to drive around to the parking lot again, which takes an impressive act in that area if you have a big vehicle. I was told to make 2 u turns basically to get back around...the light is marked for no u turns! None of the boxes were marked, we didn't get any dipping sauces we asked for, no drink carrier. Dr Pepper and Lemonade both were also out which is the only drinks we drink other than water.Ǿ
Only come here on Tuesdays! Two pieces (leg and thigh) for just 99 cents! Service is VERY slow even if they are not busy! If they are busy, then you better bring a book along with you or a full battery on your phone to pass the time! 

IF they dont mess up your order then it usually is worth the wait. But you would think the wait would be quick since you can see all of the chicken that is cooked right in front of you! 

So in conclusion, Church's Chicken (kitty corner to these guys) is slightly better servicewise. Don't get me wrong. I like both these chicken places but sometimes, good service goes a long way.Ǿ
Absolutely pathetic service! 

WTH is wrong with this chain? They all suck so bad  and continually set the low standard for fast food  service and consistency.Ǿ
Don't go there. I hope they get a health inspection. I opened my box and there were half chicken strips that looked dried out on the ends and looked like leftovers.Ǿ
Absolutely the worst Popeyes franchise I've ever been to. Multi-leveled incompetence all across the board from the manager to the fry cooks. Several visits to this establishment (shame on me), have shown that they either don't care about filling the order correctly or they are too incompetent to do so.  Ask for mild they give you spicy, ask for spicy chicken they give you a wrap. Not to mention the one time I used my credit card instead of cash(which I rarely do), and my card number is compromised. I'm over this place and I've expressed my concern to their corporate office. Franchise stores like this one will tarnish the image of the company.Ǿ
While I generally enjoy a good pice of southern fried chicken from Popeye's, on this particular visit I was a little disturbed.  At the drive thru sat a middle aged gentleman who called himself "Diamond."  Diamond demanded that I roll down my window so that he could tell me about his venture into the recording arts.  He then wanted to put a CD into my stereo to listen to while I ordered my food.

I declined, then he proceeded to MF me about not supporting artists and being a cheap ass because I didn't want to give him $5 for a CD that I have never heard.  I don't even particularly enjoy rap music.  

According to "Diamond" he has the permission of the manager to sell his wares.  If this is in fact true, I will not be going back.

FYI; The chicken was the bomb!Ǿ
Service was slow here, can't blame them, I wouldnt really be that happy to be working here either.  So many mistakes.  They got out order wrong. They didn't give us utensils.  They didn't us napkins.  They didn't give us cups for our drinks.  Outcome doesn't look good.Ǿ
I love their food. Being from GA I love red beans and rice, corn on the cob biscuits and the way they season their food. 
This popeyes had very friendly staff. Very helpful and smiling. We always get a gallon of sweet tea when we are going to be out for the day. We got a gallon of two and two cups of tea since we were eating in. I had to ask for the sweet tea in the store to be refilled and she did it right away with a smile on her face. 
I would like to visit this location again. 

FORGOT TO ASK ABOUT MILITARY DISCOUNT :-(Ǿ
We were in the neighborhood around lunch time and had a craving for chicken. With two chicken chains in such close proximity, it was basically a coin toss. Aside from some confusion at the window regarding the beverages, the service was ok. I opted for spicy chicken tenders, and added a little hot sauce. The tenders were good, but didn't travel really well. I am sure they would have been much better had we dined in. The red beans and rice was tasty and I was kind of impressed with the cole slaw. I wouldn't make a special trip from home, as it's just too far away. However, I would not hesitate to return if ever I am in the neighborhood again.Ǿ
No food to complain about......did not get any. This is a TERRIBLE POPEYES!!!! No one answers the drive thru so I had to drive around. Get to the window. A kid on the deep fryer just looks at me. No one comes up to help. I figure #%*+= this place and drive off. As I pull out I look inside and see a girl cleaning dining tables, no customers in sight. Priorities, people. Never again!!!!!Ǿ
This is the closest Popeye's I know of to me.  If I happen to be in the area I HAVE to stop in for the red beans and rice! If I knew how to make them like they do I would! I absolutely love them and as long as the biscuits are fresh and moist they go great with the beans and rice too.  The chicken is good as well but my favorite is the rice and beans!Ǿ
The people there are super nice, great service, told them about my bad experience at KFC and they gave me 10% off which was awesome, the only down side is that they don't serve mac and cheeseǾ
This Popeyes is the worst ever! This is my second shot and the chicken was stale asf, cole slaw has blackpieces of cabbage, the mashed potatoes had balls of whatever like it wasnt even made properly, the biscuit was dry and old!!! Never again,EVER! I would rather drive my ass to california to get Popeyes. DONT even bother, go somewhere else!!!Ǿ
There aren't too many popeyes around town.  I always love finding one on tuesdays to take advantage of their 2 piece tuesdays.  Luckily, there is one near my work place and I tend to sneak off to go get a box for me and my coworkers.  

This location is an actual popeyes unlike the others that are shared with a Terrible's gas station.  Place does get pretty busy during lunch.  

The service is fair, ordering is a bit difficult because they will not give you a few separate boxes for a few pieces.  A little difficult since I'm buying for a few people.  They do provide me with paper plates so I guess it works out.  

Environment is themed to Louisana and there are plenty of tables to sit after ordering.  Parking is a plenty and it is shared with Chevron.  

I def will come back but maybe will come before the lunch rush.Ǿ
NEVER going to this Popeyes again! Went a few days ago  only to open my box and see green spots on my chicken. Unacceptable!