We tried this place out just because it was close to Stephano's Gyros. We should've gone to Stephano's Gyros. 

The sushi was below average, while the prices were a little high. My stomach was not satisfied by the end of the meal. For the same price I could've gotten my fill twice over next door. 

We went for lunch and there is a specific lunch menu that has half the selection the dinner menu has. I felt suckered. Most of the lunch items were rolls, not sashimi or nigiri. 

Bottom line is I will not return. 

* off the strip, non-casinoǾ
I'm very picky with sushi, and when I was out in this area of town, I decided to try it. I'm very glad I didn't read the Yelp reviews, because it seems most of the reviews are written by bitter customers who can't follow the simple AYCE rules of this restaurant. (Making sure you eat all the portion, without wasting the rice etc.)

The place is owned by a nice Korean family. I was pleased with how friendly they were, and the fish was very fresh. The price was right, and while I didn't get the AYCE, I spoke with them and found out that unlike other places, Sushi Boy doesn't place a time limit on your eating session. 

I would gladly return here if I'm in the area.Ǿ
I usually eat at Yama Sushi on Flamingo and Maryland Pkwy. My brother had eaten at Sushi Boy Desu before and recommended it saying their sushi was pretty good. Well...lemme start off by saying that the establishment was EMPTY! No one was in the restaurant...that should have been a warning sign to us. Sushi was okay and not up to par with Yama AT ALL.

We had opted for the All You Can Eat (we came in around 3:30pm) and the waiter said we'd be charged for the Regular AYCE. We were okay with that...well...they have this thing where they put Teriyaki sauce on like EVERY ROLL. Not the best way to cover the taste of fishy fish, my friends. They had very fishy smelling fish in their rolls and I had to fight back the urge to puke.

Not only that, they charged us for EACH DRINK. We had ordered two sodas and when they asked us if we wanted another, we said yes...unbeknownst to us, they charged $1.29 FOR EACH CAN, cause yes they were canned sodas. I would understand if the waiter was doing the pouring from a pitcher, but from a can? Seriously? In total, we spent $5.20 on 4 sodas...way to expensive if you ask me.

Our bill came to $56. They charged us for the mochi as well!

Service was poor and their sushi was average. Never will come here again. If you want good food and good service at a DECENT price, go to Yama Sushi a few mins away.Ǿ
I am pretty limited here for I only order one thing - wheedubop.  Say that three times fast!  I have been here countless times and always want this fine item.  Usually when I get a male waiter, I get a comment, "Only Koreans order that" and I smile.

This bowl includes a miso soup.  The bowl, created in part by the kitchen and in part by the sushi chef, consists of white rice, lettuce, nori, chopped jalepenos (seeded), smelt roe, sashimi (red snapper, tuna, salmon, krab), egg yolk and spicy sauce (like bimibap sauce).  It is so refreshing and it is uncooked (besides the rice that is haha) so it is part rice bowl part salad and plenty to eat.  mmm!Ǿ
Sadly this place has changed for the worst. I wish I had written a review when I loved this place but now its just disappointing.Ǿ
I have been here twice and I don't really have any complaints. 

The staff is friendly and the all you can eat sushi dinner is 21.99 (yes it includes sashimi)

Got fed quickly both times and both times the place was dead. Which is fine with me, that just means I get my food a lot quicker. 

Sushi seemed fresh to me and the decor? Well who gives a shit about that it's all about the food. 

 Bottom line, if your complaining about the prices here you didn't get the all you can eat special so just put your foot in your mouth. 

 All in all I would be back and if this place was down the street from my house I would be there all the time.Ǿ
This is not Nobu's. Not close. 

It is not some $100/person high end sushi restaurant at one of the higher end hotels on the Las Vegas Strip. No way.

You know that sushi you buy in the deli section to take home from Safeway? 

That is probably a lot closer. 
Sou desu! (translation: that's right!)

This sushi restaurant is within a block of UNLV. So what do students value? 

Cheap food!

So this place specializes in not-so-good, but fairly cheap, sushi. 

It is Korean owned, of course. But it has been here for many years, so somebody comes here regularly. My guess is starving students who want to splurge on sushi before or after finals.  

Or if you blew all of your money at the tables or slots at that glitzy Strip Casino/hotel, then you probably have to tighten your belt and come here for sushi, right? 

You can get enough to eat for $20 here.

That will get you one dish at Nobu's.Ǿ
Have eaten at Sushi Boy Desu three different times in the last 6 months. Each time the food was outstanding! So much food for so little money. I highly recommend this restaurant.Ǿ
I'm only giving 3 stars for 2 reasons: mediocre service and a so-so presentation. The restaurant is located near UNLV, which probably explains why everything is only mediocre because it caters mostly to students. The food quality and the prices are great though. Palatability is questionable at first glance because of the presentation, as I mentioned earlier. They have good promos like 12 rolls for 5.99 usd... extremely cheap for good-tasting food.Ǿ
Never had a bad time, but only been twice. Definitely a lunch kind of place.Ǿ
Decent sushi served in a sad, small atmosphere. Food is served in these old and dirty looking plates. Not so appetizing when plated with raw fish and seaweed. Since Cafe Mitz shutdown and has been replaced by the repulsive Teriyaki Time, it's the only place within reasonable walking distance that serves sushi. They offer student specials if you buy more than two roles from their chosen list. A bit cheaper than a lot of places, but when you're done eating, you ask yourself, "Did I really spend more than $8 on these two roles?". Yes, you did, then you proceed to slump to your next class still hungry. UNLV is in desperate need of an excellent sushi spot, there's a lot of potential here. Sadly, Sushi Boy Desu can't deliver.Ǿ
This place came highly recommended by my partner and former co-workers.  We opted for the all you can eat dinner at $21.99 which DID NOT include sashimi like others have stated.  What is included is up to 6 orders (2 pieces per order) of NIGIRI.  Nigiri is sashimi atop cold, somewhat sweet rice with just a smidge...shall I call it a skid mark?...of wasabe.  Apparently you're supposed to eat the whole thing and not discard the cold rice mound that sits under the fish, otherwise you'll get charged for it....we didn't have to go through that.  Luckily our waiter simply gave me a verbal warning.  So I proceeded to put all the cold rice mounds in a napkin and slyly go to the bathroom and toss it in the toilet...007 style betch.

Anyway, the rolls and nigiri were fresh and tasted like they were supposed to.  There was nothing remarkable and nothing was substandard...overall good sushi and a good value for the all you can eat option.  Besides the sushi, the following items are worth mentioning for their tastiness:  miso soup, shrimp/veggie tempura and the edamame was served hot and sprinkled with salt.

We definitely got our money's worth so it is a good value for decent food.Ǿ
A decent, no frills place for sushi, best suited for a lunchtime in-and-out.  They have rolls a la carte or you can indulge in their all you can eat special.  Their sushi isn't always the freshest, so you are taking a bit of a gamble with this one.

Still, I've never had a TERRIBLE experience, and when you've got that sushi crazing in between classes, this is where you want to go.