Even though this place is off the "touristy" Royal Mile, it really has great food. My husband and I ate there twice, dinner and breakfast, and both were delicious. I have to say that the Traditional Scottish breakfast was one of the best breakfasts of the trip.笑
We called in here when we had just arrived in Edinburgh lovely place friendly staff had a lovely club sandwich and chunky chips nice glass wine hit the spot笑
Good atmosphere, friendly service and good selection of whisky to complement your food with. Tiny tables yet cozy. Steaks are OK albeit bit thin but the burgers are really good, in particular the one with haggis.笑
We came her for dessert after having dinner nearby. 

We ordered a sticky toffee pudding, a cranachan, and a "wee taster". The two desserts were both phenomenal. I have tried sticky toffee pudding several times and this one was by far the best. The cranachan was delicious and rich, defiantly something you need to try while in Scotland. 

My only complaint was that two of the beers in my beer taster were warm. There was only three beers total in it so it was pretty disappointing that two of them were warm.笑
The sticky toffee pudding is life changing. The best I've ever had.笑
The tour guide to the highlands recommended this place so we knew we couldn't go wrong.  When we go there, the place was packed - another good sign.  We had the fish and chips and ribs as appetizers - gotta get the ribs - sauce was fantastic - not the traditional thick molasses stuff but a sauce that was more like au jus style - the tast to die for - meat fell off the bone - tender and flavorful.  The portion was big enough for 4 people to have 2 pieces each.  Fish was fresh and crispy - cooked just right.  Definitely would go back.  

Only complaint was that service was a bit slow as it was 2 waitresses managing the whole restaurant but we noticed that inmany restaurants in Scotland笑
Last month, when I was in Edinburgh, I dined at the Royal McGregor and I am so glad I did!  It was totally amazing!  My friends convinced me to try Haggis, so I started with the "introductory" Haggis Fritters and they were actually really good!  I really enjoyed them.  For my main course, I ordered the vegetarian haggis tower which was spectacular!  The veggie haggis was quite spicy but it was so good.  For dessert, I had the Crannachan which was totally amazing!
The service here was very good, and there are tons of beverage options.  The prices are quite reasonable also.
The restaurant isn't too large, but it is cozy and the tables are comfortable.  It is conveniently located on the Royal Mile.
I would highly recommend the Haggis Fritters and the Haggis tower/Veggie Haggis tower.  You won't be disappointed!笑
stopped in here for lunch and i was NOT disappointed.  the wait staff and  bartender provided excellent service and had great personalities.笑
I was here in June. Yep it's in the tourist strip but their tea was pretty good (not difficult) but I also ordered the haggis. 
I have had homemade haggis and this was close. I was a bit alarmed when I saw how it was served (stacked along with neeps and tatties with gravy all around it). I would rather them be separated but it was still enjoyable. 
There was a musician out side of the pub which made the sunny day in Edinburgh even better. 
Staff was friendly and patient when I asked if I could wait to order my lunch after my tea. 
The place has an awesome ambience and it was super clean.笑
I needed a break from walking from HolyRood Palace to Edinburgh Castle.

And by break, I mean pints and pints of cask ale.

This is a quaint spot on the Royal Mile to get your drinks on and max.

Sweet interior with a semi-modern, semi-traditional decor.

Chill bartender and festive patronage.

I'd hit it again.  Aye.笑
Gemütlicher Pub in welchem man auch lecker essen kann. Sehr freundliches Personal. Bei Yelp-Check-In bekommt man 10% Rabatt auf die Rechnung.笑
Dit restaurant/pub is klein, maar lekker. De keuze is overzichtelijk, dat maakt het makkelijk. Ik hou daar van. We hebben allebei de minty lambchops genomen met sweet potatoes. 

De portie was groot genoeg en niet teveel. 

Het personeel was aardig en hielp goed uit bij de keuze van drankjes. Ook het publiek dat aanwezig was, is zeer gevarieerd.
Het enige min puntje dat ik zo kan bedenken zijn de afstanden tussen de tafels. Ik heb me in meerdere bochten moeten wringen om goed te kunnen zitten.

Naar mijn mening is dit een goed restaurant waarbij je niet verkeerds kan doen. Simpel en lekker.笑
We went here for our first dinner in Scotland.  I got a Bulmer's cider which is one of my favoroite drinks.  We had to try the haggis fritters and they were delicious!  I feel like it was not really trying haggis because it was deep fried and had a sweet chili sauce.  But I loved the sauce and it was so good.

We got the fish and chips and shepard's pie to share.  Both were amazing!  The shepards pie was made with lamb which is not my favorite but it worked really well in this.  The fish and chips was one of my favorite on the trip, including all the times we had it in London!  We also got the sticky toffee pudding which came with ice cream.  It was amazing... hot and flavorful and the ic cream totally complimented the sticky toffee.  The waitress was very friendsly and gave honest recommendations.  I highly recommend this place!笑
A small bar on The Royal Mile, I must have walked past it hundreds of times without giving it a second glance, dismissing it as a typical tourist bar. Friends brought it to my attention when they dropped in for a quick drink and we have visited it numerous times since.

It IS small and can get pretty busy, they have a few tables outside which obviously attracts a lot of custom when the weather is good. The staff are very friendly and efficient, but you should make allowances for speed of service during busy periods especially during The Fringe. Reserving a table ahead of time is recommended if possible.

It is pretty much what you would expect from a "traditional Scottish" pub, with a selection of beers including three real ale casks, which are usually from small Scottish breweries, a beer "flight" is also available, allowing you to buy a third of a pint of each ale. They also have an extensive menu of approximately 50 whiskies (although some we asked for were not available), broken down by areas of the distillery. They offer a selection of whisky "flights", 4 whiskies based around a theme or area with prices varying to match (around £3 or £4 a glass). Being on the Royal Mile prices are possibly a bit inflated, but not excessively so, and are comparable to elsewhere on The Mile and central Edinburgh.

The food is also fairly "traditional" Scottish pub food, including dishes like Cullen Skink or haggis fritter for starters and  main courses like burgers, fish and chips and haggis, neeps and tatties, etc. The food is not just "pub grub" but of a good restaurant quality. I had a tower of Haggis, Neeps & Tatties (each layered on the other) which had an onion & rosemary gravy. I would have preferred a more traditional whisky cream sauce (which you do get with their haggis beefburger), but the gravy was good. None of our party had starters, but a couple of us did order dessert, the main complaint with the sticky toffee pudding was it was too large! I personally had the Cranachan (whipped cream, whisky soaked oatmeal, raspberries & honey) which was delicious!

In summary: good Scottish beers, good Scottish food and good Scottish whiskies. 

N.B. They do a "loyalty card" which gives you a 10% discount on food and drink (see their website for how to apply).笑
The atmosphere was nice. The food was good, fish and chips was a nice portion while my partner had salmon filet. Hers was also delicious. The wait was a bit long but I suppose it was a bit busy. Overall I'm satisfied笑
We were warmly welcomed even with our three children and treated to wonderful, quick food. Service was friendly and helpful as well and the atmosphere is great for that Scottish experience.笑
A bit touristy, right on the Royal Mile, you can tell they are used to frustrating situations with tourists. We didn't try any food but had drinks at the bar. Service was fine, as I remember the toilets were pretty gross...笑
Stopped in for lunch on my second day in Edinburgh. Nice little place with a few table out front.  All the servers and bar staff were very welcoming. Decided I was going to try Haggis for the first time so I started with the Haggis Fritters. They are very good and not at all scary like I thought they would be. There were three in the appetizer order so you can share with the table.  Had the steak and ale pie for the main course and it was a quite large portion. My friend had the fish and chips and he liked them as well.  I would recommend the Royal Mcgregor to any hungry sightseers that happen to be in the Old Town walking down the Royal Mile.笑
It was pretty inside but hotttt in the summer with no AC. The food was not well seasoned- my steak and ale pie was so salty I almost sent it back. My husband's crofter's chicken was great but the sauce was totally bland. On the plus side, they are clean and the service was excellent.笑
They have an excellent breakfast here if you're a hungry traveler. Get one of the full breakfast plates. Service was really good.笑
Large portions. Fish and chips were a bit greasy. Coffee good. Chips very good. Service was pleasant and chatty.笑
Sticky Toffee Pudding is AMAZING!  Skip the whisky sauce on the chicken and haggis, it's better with out it.笑
Low Cost, High quality breakfast.

I stopped by after seeing advertising on Yelp for it. It was a mile walk, but it was well worth it, located on the Royal Mile, it's a nice comfy little pub. I ordered the Scottish Breakfast, which had all the requirements: Egg, Black sauasage, toast, Haggis, mushrooms, and more.


Every bit of it was great. Adimttedly, as an American, I wasn't sure what to expect with Haggis, but was great.笑
The name and the outside looked too stiff, too formal. Surely the food is expensive and staid, I thought. But another reviewer here said it had the best haggis he had in Scotland, and that persuaded me to give it a try. Now I had never had haggis and I wanted to try it with the best. While I can't compare it to others, I thought the Tower of Haggis was an amazing adventure. The meat was peppery delicious and with the mashed potatoes and wonderful brown gravy, it was a little reminiscent of comfort food back home of a very good beef Manhattan except with a great peppery kick. The potato wedges were also exceptional in that they were fresh, hot, and crispy. For dessert the sticky toffee pudding served with ice cream was warm and sweet in all the right places. My wife thought it was worth a return trip. I thought the entire meal was worth this review. Don't miss The Royal MacGregor on the Royal Mile in Edinburgh. I so glad I didn't.笑
Ok. I was initially skeptical as this place is right in the middle of a very touristy area. I could not have been more pleased. We had the haggis tower with whiskey sauce and it was absolutely fabulous. As was the mint marinated lamb chops. Roast chicken stuffed with haggis was also excellent. Overall a really nice experience.笑
Ein direkt auf der Edinburgher Royal Mile gelegener Gastro-Pub. Neben Standardspeisen wie Fish & Chips gibt es auch verschiedene Spezialitäten wie Muscheln in Weißweinsoße. Günstige Preise und gute Portionsgröße.笑
Stopped in for quick drink prior to a tour and if the lack of service was the only problem that would be understandable but the drinks were so bad we couldn't choke them down! If the drinks were that bad I am certainly glad we didn't eat there!! I would say this is a miss!! Great location but absolutely the worst drink we've ever had.笑
We got the whisky flight, haggis tower, and the venison. It was amazing. Great service, great food and great vibe.笑
Tasty traditional Scottish food, quick service, and not badly priced. Best part: desert! Was looking for a place to enjoy a traditional Scottish meal before leaving Edinburgh and after reading the reviews tried this place out. It definitely lived up to the reviews and I highly recommend it.笑
The Royal McGregor off the Royal Mile was pretty cozy place to spend a very rainy evening in Edinburgh.  It's not very big place inside but very good Scottish Food.   I had grilled scottish salmon which had the perfect crispy exterior tender middle.  The appetizers were great and the haggis burger is not bad at all.  The bar was perfect size to order drambuie and scotch and just think about life or talk about world peace with the nice bartenders.笑
Best IPA I have had since traveling around England and Scotland.  I am blown away by how great this place is in a tourist area.  Haggis and Venison burger are exceptional and the presentation of the meal was more than I expected. Service is excellent. Toffee pudding was moist and sweet but well balanced with the vanilla ice cream. I had to be rolked back to my hotel.笑
A wee dram?  Oh h e double l no.  After three flights, four airports, 12 time zones and 22  hours of travel; three fingers please!

Listed as one of 55 recommended restaurants in the Michelin Guide for Edinburgh, this one was admittedly chosen for their selection of whiskey.  Of course the food is good.

For starters, the first taste of cold smoked Scottish salmon.  Incredibly rich, fatty, very smooth mouth feel.  The intense razor sharp flavor of salmon, unmistakable.  The game terrine, outstanding.  Course ground bits of this and that with a light livery flavor and anise overtones.  Great texture unfortunately, the traditional oatcakes; lets just say horse biscuits are not for me.

For mains, a dish known as Crofters Chicken (oven baked chicken breast stuffed with hagggis served with a whisky sauce, sauteed cabbage and root veg).  A brilliant way to introduce haggis to the uninitiated.  The mineral, livery flavor of the offal is mellowed by the chickeny, poultry flavor.  The jus from the chicken moistens the haggis.  The whisky sauce adding a velvity, rich, concentrated whisky flavor to the dish.  Good eats.

Very good selection of whisky (nearly 100), many offered in flights for tasting.  All flights come complete with the requisite water and chocolates.  Do not be that guy who asks for ice.  They will frown at that faux pas as it will cloud the whisky and ruin it.

Friendly service.  Very reasonably priced.  Mains average £12.

A charming, fairly priced pub with great whisky and food.  A fitting welcome to Edinburgh.笑
Sure, it was lazy of me to choose a restaurant right on High Street, but it was my first evening in Edinburgh after an overnight transatlantic flight with little sleep, at the end of a long day of walking and sightseeing, and I just didn't want to have to work at it.  

The service was crappy, even for Britain, but the food was decent.  I had haggis fritters, which I figured would be a gentle introduction to the famous dish, served with a honey/chili sauce.  My entree was the mixed grill, with lamb (A), steak (B+), pork/leek sausage (C), served with grilled mushrooms and onions and baked potato discs.笑
Friendly pub with great food. The beer taster is a good way try out three beers without getting full sized (or full priced) drinks.笑
My family came here while visiting Edinburgh. Our ancestors were Scottish and we're descendants of the McGregor Clan, so when we saw this quaint little pub on the Royal Mile, we couldn't resist. 

This is a great place to come when you want to rest your legs, warm your bones, and escape the crowds. It's right on the main road from the Castle to the Palace, so it was surprising that it was so quiet. 

I personally ordered the Mature Cheddar Panini. For all you Americans out there; "Rocket" is the term they use for Arugula. They use this term all over the UK and it confused the living hell out of us, until I finally asked what the heck it was. And it was Arugula. Go figure. So anyway, the panini comes with Arugula and tomato chutney. It was pretty good, but I thought it was missing something. Perhaps some onions? 

Others in my party enjoyed the Pulled Pork Burger and the Fish and Chips. Apparently the Fish and Chips were a tad too greasy. But there were no complaints about the burgers. 

Finally, some of us got a couple beers on tap. Unfortunately, I don't remember the names but I know they were local and it was a special Christmas brew. As this is beer country, they were delicious and refreshing. Word of the wise; if you're in the UK and you go to any old pub, order beer. There's no excuse not to. 

This was a cool spot and a nice moment for us Americans to enjoy. It looks and feels like a traditional pub, so we had a great time. The food wasn't awe inspiring, but after miles of walking, all we really wanted was some warmth and some food in our bellies. And this was the perfect place to stop.笑
The BIG breakfast is, well... big. And awesome. Quiet, small establishment with friendly and efficient service. The food was well priced and delicious. The menu is not extensive but it doesn't need to be when it's well done. Thanks.笑
We stopped in for dinner on a Wednesday night and the pub was almost packed.  Ok first off, the service is really great.  Sitting across from the bar you could see how hard everyone was working to make the place hum.  More importantly the drinks and food matched the quality of places we had paid double for on this trip.  You could tell the kitchen takes the time to plate properly for a nice presentation in addition to cooking it nearly perfectly - way beyond what you expect from pub grub!

Cullen skink (a fish chowder of smoked haddock, potatoes and cream soup) - this was really tasty but could have had a few more pieces of fish and a bit less potato.

Chicken stuffed with haggis - the chicken was baked and was a bit dry in spots but the rest was fine.  The combination with the haggis was really tasty and made up for the chicken.

Tower of haggis - this is built from mashed potatoes and mashed turnips with haggis on the bottom surrounded by a moat of gravy.  I was glad there was a lot of gravy because the tower was so big I ended up using it all up.  Again highly recommended.

If you haven't had haggis before, make this the place you try it first.  It was really great!笑
This was my first meal in Edinburgh and set the tone for our entire weekend there, and the tone was a good one! Royal McGregor was recommended to us by our host and I can see why. The restaurant is tucked away on High Street and is home to one of the most charming servers I have ever met. I can't remember her name but she was French and just so lovely. I ordered the goat cheese sandwich and she informed me that the cheese was late coming to the restaurant that day so I changed  my order to the BLT. Just as my companions' meals were coming, out server informed me that the cheese had arrived and that she was having a sandwich prepared for me. It was so kind and unexpected of her! The sandwich was amazing, and the cheese was very fresh.笑
We tried just about everything on the menu. All was delicious. Best Hagis Neeps and Tatties, and Mint Lamb Chops I've ever had. I think it is safe to say that you will be satisfied with whatever you order. Nice atmosphere and friendly service.笑
We went out looking for a full Scottish recovery breakfast during the Fringe, and this place did a decent job. A generous plateful of food and strong black coffee were exactly what was needed to help quieten our shouting hangovers. Friendly staff and good service.笑
Thoughts the Royal Mile, this establishment has a real authentic feel with both locals and visitors dining in and enjoying! 
Came here late after a very long day trip in the highlands, seeking comfort food. This pub delivered! 
We had some great Scotch ales which were just wonderful! 
I had Fish 'n' Chips which were savory, salty, crispy and perfect! Great big chips too! 
Mum had the Bleu Burger which was rich and hearty. 
Fair prices for a great meal and nice experience. 
The service staff is very friendly and accommodating. 
It all hit the spot after 13 hour journey around the highlands and lochs.笑
Haggis neeps and tatties they were delicious in this traditional pub in the royal mile . 
Good place to stop off to enjoy the food in Edinburgh .笑
This was by far the most forgettable place we went in Scotland/Edinburgh. Not sure if it was the time or day or our mood but we enjoyed a largely boring meal and I cannot, for the life, of me, remember what I ate. 

WAIT, I do remember! I ate a brie and spinach pie and the side salad with cherry tomatoes was actually the highlight. Yeah, overall, not a bad place. But forgettable.笑
Neat little pub, decent (albeit not particularly great) food and a good selection of wines & whiskies. 

Sticky Toffee junkies be warned, it's only so-so.  We went there after reading rave reviews of the sticky toffee pudding, which is my favorite dessert in the world.  It was "OK", a solid 7 out of 10.笑
This pub located on the Royal Mile is touristy with decent but touristy prices. They aren't bad, and it's great if you want a drink and a hot meal. The service was good once the menu's were on the table. Once again our dinner consisted of Haggis, nips and tatties and a cheeseburger. The burger was 7 pounds, very meaty and big and came with chips and salad. The haggis, nips and tatties were neatly arranged in a fat, perfectly circular tower, garnished with greens on top and surrounded by a moat of gravy. I sampled the haggis and it was MMMMMM MMMM GOOD!  

There is also a 7 pound walking tour during the day and a 5 pound ghost tour that starts 9.30pm outside this pub, just FYI.笑
A simply fantastic traditional Scottish breakfast!!! I've had black pudding before that was pretty disgusting, but what is served here was absolutely outstanding. The portions were more than adequate to say the least, and I'd like to go back there for breakfast tomorrow. Great location on the Royal Mile. Highly recommended!!笑
Nice little place, right on the royal mile.  Ate a very decent Traditional Scottish Breakfast, my friend had chicken breast stuffed with bacon and haggis.  Both good.  I would return quite happily.笑
We stopped in for lunch and highly recommended haggis.  Did not disappoint for sure.  I had the haggis with the whiskey cream sauce.  Wow what a treat.  Even my wife and son had some and they enjoyed.  Wife had the Vegetarian Haggis, she enjoyed also.  Being made of lentils and beans, not as moist but still very good.  Kids had a pasta dish, not bad and the bbq chicken legs...which both enjoyed and polished off.

Oh and of course I had a whiskey flight which was a nice mid day treat, well presented and very good value for what was served!笑
Went here with friends for brunch. Good food and nice selection of breakfast options for those in the mood for a big hearty breakfast.笑
Truly heavenly lamb chops with a really good sea bass as well. 
Got us seated right away, the char on the lamb was perfect, cooked to order. Took a bit while checking out but overall a very good place that justifies its high rating.笑
Great bar on the Royal Mile with a cozy atmosphere. Had the Scottish breakfast with a perfectly done flat white. The plate was piled high and I had doubts I could finish it. After trying the haggis, sausage, bacon, mushrooms, black pudding, eggs, tomatoes, beans and some flat bread I couldn't stop eating until it was gone. The prices were very reasonable and servers were nice.笑
Great Service, good beer selection and very good fish and chips! Wait staff was very knowledgeable of are and have great sightseeing tips.笑
The Cullen sink was decent. The burgers were excellent! The sea bass was perfectly cooked. The service fell off when the food was delivered. We had to ask another waitress to help us and get us a bill.笑
Best meal I enjoyed in Scotland - fresh mussels with a side of perfectly prepared chips.  My lactose-intolerant husband was looking forward to some haggis, so the staff splendidly went out of their way to prepare it sans butter and other dairy and it was still excellent.  The charming and friendly servers along with a superb sampling of whiskeys made for a really memorable little lunch.  There is no shortage of bars and cafes to pick from so I'm glad we were lucky enough to stumble upon it!笑
Absolutely loved this gem of a restaurant! Food was exceptional! Waiters and bartenders were excellent! Got to try 2 local favorites - finally tried the haggis fritters and