I like Rubin's although the host wasn't very nice. Not even a smile our way. Our server, however was extremely knowledgeable about the food they carried, attentive and gave us amazing service. Everything was clean. I had the cappuccino cake & my friend had the cinnabon cake. They were amazing. I love it.笑
A true Cleveland institution. Rubin's offers a huge menu, great service, and a truly Cleveland experience. Would I take a guy there on a first date? Maybe not. Would I take a date there after a night of drinking? Of course. 

The waitresses are hard-working, and it shows. Friendly and warm, I love 'em. The menu offers something for everyone, and the food is satisfying and priced well.

Rubin's is always my suggestion for late night food on the west side. Give it a try, it will not disappoint! 

(the post below comparing it to Uno's makes me laugh. Why not compare a Mcdonalds to the hot dog vendor outside St Iggys while you're at it?!)笑
Great place to eat old fashion atmosphere but what makes it good is the food and great service the waitress are friendly and helpful when asking questions about the menu. never had a bad meal there. Of all the places to go to around my neighborhood I always enjoy going there笑
Great food for the price. Ethnic to traditional. Can't go wrong with this place. Been there many times and still digging it. A west side Cleveland landmark.笑
Day of visit - Friday 
Time: Noonish

I can start off saying that the restaurant appeared clean on our visit and the servers were friendly. There were 2 in our party, and maybe 3 other tables in the whole restaurant. 

I ordered the 'mile high burger' medium rare with fries and soup of the day, New England clam chowder. My son ate the soup and he said it was very good and tasted homemade. As for the burger, well I will allow that for a thin, probably pre-made frozen hamburger patty or even fresh, when it's thin, it makes it hard to get medium rare done right. So it was medium, no pink. Okay, that's fine. It came with sautéed onions, mushrooms and provolone cheese. Now it was good, but the burger itself aside from the toppings really had no flavor. I think what my tastebuds would have liked is some garlic maybe, but hey - I'm used to my own cooking. The fries were good, thick steak fries, hot and fresh. Some might say well fries are fries, but we all know we've had wtf bad fries. 

My son had the old stand by biscuits and gravy. That was good, and it too tasted homemade with big chunks of sausage. 

Our drinks were refilled promptly and service was good.

I don't know that we'd go back as a 'we need to go to this place!' again visit, not out of the way it's something you can't miss type thing, but then again I'm not putting it on the list of places I'd suggest to stay away from, you know? 

On an end note -- the cheesecakes - the mammoth cheesecakes they have in the deli/display cases where you pay the bill are entrancing. If you are susceptible to cheesecake powers, don't look at them. Leave someone with more self control to settle the tab while you run for the car.笑
I had the spinach feta omelette and my partner had the broccoli fettucine alfredo.  They were very good considering the price.  Service was excellent.  I ordered tomatoes on my omelette and the server brought out the spinach feta without the tomatoes and shortly after another omelette with tomatoes.  Enjoyed the meal and time there.笑
Actually had Thanksgiving here with my two toddlers last year so it holds a little more of a dear spot in my heart, however, it is also just a nice old-school American institution....family diner-style eating. 

GOOD: 

-Family diner feel
-Plenty of space between tables so you don't feel like you are sitting in on someone else's conversation
-friendly staff out of 4 visits I've had
-great pricing considering the portions are anywhere from fair to gargantuan.

CONS:

-neighborhood kinda stinks so it's kinda either on the way to something else or out of the way笑
Love this family restaurant! Open 24hrs and the staff is always friendly. Their food is good, check out their dessert counter. So many choices!!笑
I love pickle spears, but they must have run out because me and the missus got a spear of old cucumber instead (yuck, they couldn't even get a fresh one?).  As well my sandwich was to come with potato chips, but I don't know if the amount put on the plate would even qualify for a 'snack bag' amount.  And no, I didn't tell the server because it's not like someone in the kitchen didn't know how they had sent that stuff out.

Besides that, the food was OK, and the service was good.  I didn't partake of a dessert, but this place always has a pretty huge selection (which, if I recall correctly, they usually cost more than the meal).

Anyway, my buddy is a fan of this place, but I would never go if given the choice because I can make the same food better and for less money at home.笑
I eat here every time I'm in cleveland. Open 24 hours a day, with deli sandwiches that take the best Columbus has to offer and breaks it over its knee. The Rubin is hands down the best you will ever have. I also really enjoy the Rocky and their club sandwich. Great fries.

Do yourself a favor and go... on the other hand one trip there will leave you disgusted with almost every other deli sandwich you will get form any other place. The pie selection is also great.笑
Outstanding!!! Family owned... Service is good, 24 hours is great. The food is cheap and very very good. If you are around this area you must try. The triple decker or the Rubin are to die for. Do not forget to try their fresh cake and pies. 

Job well done!笑
Good diner food. Great service! The new manager is doing a great job. I have been eating here for years, (some years were better than others) and getting a new manager has made this place take a turn for the better. 
Try the rinky dink omlet for breakfast, it is fantastic. The servings are huge, but if you save room have a slice of Bailey's Irish Cream cheesecake.笑
Fantastic. Doesnt look like much from the street but the food is awesome. I got a ruben and it was very good. Everyone enjoyed it so much we decided we are going back tomorrow for breakfast! Great for kids! Decor is... odd but clean and the service is typical of a diner. They are very nice and accomidating. Wonderful experience.笑
one star or excellent service .. could be that we were the only ones other than a table about to leave in the joint .. but nonetheless the waitress was friendly & efficient 

1st time I have ever been here & nearly nothing regarding the food would motivate me to return .. kinda hard to explain .. the food was not bad .. it was just tasteless .. I had the worst tuna melt of my life at this restaurant .. did not taste bad .. it just had ZERO flavor & I could not figure out why .. it had tuna .. celery .. mayo .. everything you would expect in a tuna salad but you would never know it .. the only thing I could taste was the swiss cheese on it (friendly waitress let me swap out the American for Swiss despite the warning of NO SUBSTITUTIONS on the menu) as well as the taste of the grilled rye .. the chips that were on the plate also had no taste but that could be that they were obviously some generic brand that I would only consider tossing outside to the hungry birds .. my husband had a burger & he said nearly the same .. tasteless .. gave it a try but will not be back .. a shame since the service was excellent!笑
I've been coming to Rubin's for years, and it reigns as my favorite all-night, good-food-cheap restaurant.  

Rubin's offers a wide selection of dishes, ranging from a full breakfast menu with great pancakes and stuffed omelettes (served 24 hrs) to light lunch fare like corned beef sandwiches and salads, to filling and tasty dinner choices - Katie B. has me hooked on their stir fry now, SO good.  Most everything comes with a side salad and/or cup of their soup du jour, which is always fresh and delicious.  Their Italian Wedding soup is my favorite.  Or maybe the vegetable beef.  Or maybe good ol' chicken noodle.  Ah, hell, it's all heart and tummy-warming, family-style goodness.

And then there's the dessert case up front.  Cheesecake, undoubtedly some Death-by-Chocolate concoction, tiramisu and carrot cake... though I have to say my favorite is their cassata cake, there's nothing like it.

The atmosphere is cozy and comfortable, and home to a fish tank with some giant fish.  I'm talking some HUGE fish.  After so many years of coming here (oh my God, it's been 7 years), I know the manager Tony and a few of the regular servers, and they are great people, accomodating and friendly and all-around just nice.

Rubin's is a great place for a midnight snack, a dinner with friends or family, or even a large group outing - we brought about 20 people in once in the middle of the night with no hiccups in service.  Grilled cheese or grilled chicken, whatever suits your mood - it's all good here.笑
A pretty cool restaurant if you ask me. It's a diner-y atmosphere but with interesting touches, like two huge fish tanks by the door, filled with even huger fish. Palm trees, and comforting color choices complement the upholstery and the flooring. I had a tasty breakfast sandwich and 30 cups of coffee. Can I just say the bacon was unreal? Really affordable, and a pleasant wait staff. A nice place to roll into after a late afternoon rolling out of bed. Did I mention the bacon?
Also, they're open 24/7.笑
Met a friend for lunch here today. Extensive menu from pasta to prime rib but they have Pepsi no Coke.  Friend ordered the$12.99 - 20 shrimp special comes with choice of potato she ordered cheesy mashed a iceberg salad adorned with halved cherry tomatoes and a random sprinkling of white onion  came with a plastic souffle of creamy blue cheese and a cup of soup hers was chicken noodle made with shells. I order the $7.99 fried chicken dinner which consisted of a heavy breast, tiny little wing, leg and thigh. Same wimpy salad, limp green beans, weird home fries like shaved like potato slices (asked for ketchup had to get up and ask again... there was not one bottle in sight..replacement waitress  says with me standing there "I'll get it for you" to which I said you told me that before) the best thing was the cabbage rice soup. Sorta like that diet cabbage soup that you eat for nine days but it was really good. 
 
We ate our soup but I left out the part where a different server brings out only my entree and not my friends food and announces that our server had to leave. Luckily, we had agreed that she would eat my breast in return for a handful of shrimp. The replacement server asks what was the other order. We told her it was the shrimp and she does not come back for a long time. Oops somebody forgot to drop the shrimp. Anyway after she handed over the ketchup I asked if this was the service we should expect with the missing waitress and all and get the truth it seems she ran to k-mart next door with her boss to buy flowers. Huh! There were acres worth of flowers there they were not about to run out.  The real waitress never came over and said "my idiot boss does not care about his business and is making me go to K-mart flower shopping with him." Very goofy to walk out of the restaurant and get in a car when you have a table.

My friend picked up the check and is usually a heavy tipper but only left $5.00. The food was edible but the service?笑
Did I go to the same place as a lot of you? 

This place isn't a quaint little diner, as some people like to think of it as. It looks like a Denny's in the 1980's - old furniture, old flooring, and everything is sticky. And those fish tanks? Yeah, the fish are big & that's cool, I guess...? But it reminds me of a kid right out of college, after landing his first real job - buys one cool thing & leaves everything else the way that it is. But whatever - the atmosphere isn't the important part of a place like this, right? So let's move on to how mediocre the food is!
The food is fine, I suppose. It's food, it won't kill you, and it will fill you up. That is the extent of any positive things I have to say about it. There is nothing special about anything - it's all thoughtless ingredients, served on a chipped plate. It's not cheap (though it is certainly not expensive), it's not special, and it's not great. But it's fine. And those desserts are purchased elsewhere, and put in the case, just like Aladdin's.

I don't know...this is a neighborhood place, so I do understand people having loyalty to it, to a certain point. But if you don't live within walking distance to it, I suggest you go elsewhere. If you DO go here, I hope you don't stick to the seat, as I did.笑
Good food good prices good service
Try the pastrami omelette.笑
I have literally been waiting 2 hours for an order of pancakes. They keep making excuses as to why they're taking so long. I'm so over coming here anymore. It's ridiculous笑
The pastries are delicious and the fish are just so cute!!!    I love going here for a late night cake.笑
I absolutely love that this place is 24 hours!! My dream would be that all restaurants changed their hours to open 24/7 cause I can always eat! lol Also the fresh hummus & house salad w italian dressing I had here where so good! I could tell all the ingredients used to put together my meal & the salad were very fresh!! Will be back again soon!!!笑
I will avoid this place.  Food was dry and flavorless.  Slow service too.   I ordered the gyro meat breakfast.   The meat  was a small portion and dry like wood chips.   The prices on a Saturday morning were ridiculously high, over $21 dollars for  2 people for terrible food and slow service.笑
Late night dining often seems to come with a compromise.  Whether its the "drive-through service only" setup at most fast-food joints, or over-priced chain restaurants with curtailed versions of their regular menus, the trade-off for the convenience of 24-hour food service is a dearth of choices, indeed.

That's why diners such as Rubin's are so special.  The character alone sets this place apart from any cookie-cutter Denny's or Perkins, and that uniqueness is evident as soon as you step inside.  A large aquarium filled with equally large fish sits next to the cashier/host station, while potted and hanging plants, some splayed along booth dividers and tucked into corners, thrive in the well-windowed room

The main dining area consists of rows of booth seating with a few tables on the main floor, with an upper tier of additional booths on two sides. Plenty of seating with a rather open floor plan.  

We were dining after midnight, and noticed a modest, but steady stream of customers, including a few regulars who greeted the servers by name. For sure, Rubin's has an established clientele, including many shift workers, bartenders and assorted hungry night owls.

The massive menu includes the requisite fried appetizers, along with beef, pork, poultry and seafood entrees. Their featured selection of hot and cold deli sandwiches are served with hot and crispy fries, and they also offer pitas, burgers, salads and soups...all with generous portions.  Breakfast is similarly substantial, with a range of savory omelettes, sweet specialty waffles, pancakes and a la carte items.

The service is consistently friendly and professional, which simply adds to the value and enjoyment of this late-night delight.笑
First time here.  The decor looks like it has not been updated since the 80's. The waitress was perticularly friendly; her name was Nicole. We ordered breakfast. No turkey sausage.I asked for My omelette to be made with egg whites.  Fairly impressed by the taste of the food. Nothing "wow"ed me. The one specific change I would make if I were the owner is to change how specials are presented. Paper on the table doesn't work.笑
Are you hungry, alittle drunk,  live in west park and its past midnight.  Well this is the place to be. Alittle pricey but atleast good portions.笑
Mom and pop type restaurant which is open 24 hours...  The decor was a little old, but we still would have stayed, however there was nothing that just "jumped-out" on the menu to me to make me want to stay... So, shortly after the waitress brought our drinks, we left! First Impressions mean a lot.... They may have had good food, but if the menu doesn't display it in such a way that it sounds appealing.... We're on to the next spot!笑
Great Family Restaurant. The Corn Beef is to die for. Best in Cleveland. Also a great place to end the night since they are open 24/7. A good place to take family and friends.笑
Got 2 chicken phillies *****excellent******* there was a mistake made with the first one the manager pleasantly offered to remake they have definitely won a customer for life笑
Rubins was a surprising find; we were driving around looking for someplace new and chanced upon it on a Sunday morning.  It looks like it might have been a chain like Denny's or Coco's at some point in the distant past, but then was repurposed as a family owned joint.

Inside the decor is a combination of fishtanks and brown.I think most of the furniture might have been new in 1983, but it's kind of nifty in a non-retro, yet situationally retro kind of way.

The menu is pretty extensive and then there were also a few plastic table stands with a significant number of "specials."  We did breakfast, although there was a large glass dessert case at the front, with cakes & pies that are allegedly made on site and looked quite good.

My partner wanted to get biscuits and gravy, but he also wanted to get some eggs;  When the server came he was trying to kluge together his order from different parts of the menu, and she was kind enough to point out that the one of the table stands had a breakfast special that included pretty much everything he wanted at a lower price than what he was trying to create.  I always appreciate thoughtfulness like that from a server

I had a mexican omelette, which was cheese, chili and some veggies; It was actually pretty tasty.

I do have a few complaints however.  Firstly, the hashbrowns could hardly have been more bland or tasteless.  It was very wide potato shreds, but they barely seemed to have touched the griddle, because there was almost no color on them ... or taste.  I pretty much left them alone.  Also disappointing was the toast which came out at room temperature and was also barely toasted.  

I don't think I'd go for breakfast again, but I'm curious about their other fare and I will give them a second chance.  That said, I'm not going to be running back to Rubin's tomorrow.  When it happens, it happens.笑
My friends and I were looking for a place to hang out AND enjoy good food late at night, so of course we researched this diner on Yelp and with all the positive reviews decided to try it for ourselves. My boyfriend is a huge "brinner" (breakfast for dinner) fanatic so of course he had the french toast which he really enjoyed. As for his home fries with sausage gravy...I ate most of those. They were delicious. I ordered the chicken salad sandwich...it was alright. I had to salt it for taste, but the fries were great. As for the prices and the service, those were great too. Overall, I really liked this place and will possibly go back in the near future.笑
The service was great..however the owners were yelling at the servers and our server was crying...what the heck....笑
Moved to this neighborhood recently and decided to go at Rubin's for dinner. Miranda was our server. Great food , great atmosphere and great service. 24 hrs open, cozi. Stop eating late night fast trash food and go to this place.2 soups, 2 coffee, 2 entre and 1 desert for 30 bucks...woot!!!
Probably going late night tonight. Try i
t!!!笑
Wow, I am in major disagreement with the majority of posters here.

Disclaimer: we ordered from Food Fetchers, so part of my disappointment (incorrect orders/omissions) might not be the Deli's fault. Let's start with that.

I ordered a salad with ranch on the side and no onions. They gave me the wrong dressing and left the onions in. Fail #1.

I ordered a turkey sandwich with Thousand island on the side. There was no thousand island. Or Russian. or ketchup and mayo mixed together. What diner or deli does not have some variation of this?

The sandwich was supposed to come with chips. It did not. My salad didn't come with a fork either. It's ok, I have forks at home, but still, it's nice to see some thought put into it.

Now onto the food itself. The salad was like a poorer version of the house salad from Uno's, only NOT AS GOOD. I kid you not. The dressing they gave me was super oily and messy. 

I have really never done this before, fellow yelpers, but I actually refused to eat my sandwich when I tasted the turkey. It was not "roasted" at all, like the menu suggests, nor was it fresh. It was over processed "shiny turkey" which was salty as hell. I threw it out, but saved the rye bread and made myself a tuna sandwich on it. Yep, I did. And you know what? I tasted the bread by itself halfway through, found that it, too, was obscenely salty, and decided to discard the rest.

So in essence what I ate from the place was an uneventful salad, a piece of rye bread, and two bites of pickle. Yes, I also threw out the pickle. I have never done that before.

My husband got some combo which included pastrami, Swiss, and Cole slaw. He liked it. To each his own. (Oh, he didn't get his chips either.)

I do love family-owned places...but I don't love inaccurate orders and subpar food.笑
Usually I love patronizing local businesses, in West Park especially. However this place is terrible. We have tried it three times ( shame on us ) and never have left with a great experience. Waitresses texting, cold food, over charged on your bill and many more experiences await you if you are brave enough to venture in here. 
I gave it two stars for two reasons

If I was drunk at 4 am it would have been fine.

They have a great fish tank.笑
If you are hungry during an odd time when anything decent to eat to eat is closed, Rubin's is a great choice.
The place is clean, cozy , and has plenty of seats. I have been going to there for years and the staff is always friendly and fast. 

The food has definitely improved over the years. The menu has a large selection from breakfast to dinner. Breakfast is good but I prefer the lunch and dinner choices . The burgers , Rubens , and pasta dishes are good especially for the price . 
My favorite part are the deserts. Snickers and Oreo cheesecakes, all sorts of fresh pies torts and homemade baklava. I stop by for to go desert almost every time I drive by. 

Overall, the food is decent and nothing to write home about. The execution of the food can depend on the hours , usually the later the hour the worse  the execution. (I stopped going late at night for this reason ) .笑
It can't be said enough how fantastic these sandwiches are. I've yet to find a butter reuben, and their club sandwiches are gigantic. The fries are nothing to turn your nose up at, either. Staff is pleasant, and I appreciate that the place is open 24 hours. A must if you're in the area.