This review is looooong over due.
My last 2 trips to vegas I ate every single meal in this establishment! I cannot stay away.  I love me a guuuud sammich and honestly for me, this place hits the G Spot. Salsalito Bandito with Avo? Whoa! Nirvana. I've been trying to tackle the entire menu, working from left to right.  Gonna skip the salads, and eventually get to the pizzas.  The soups are great, the bread fresh and flavorful. The design your own sandwich is fun too. Last time there I got a double roast beef with horseradish mayo, horseradish slaw, onions, tomato, and blue cheese. I call it the Steak House. lol If only they had onions carmelized in balsamic.  My sandwich would be complete and ready to be put on the menu. :)Ǿ
There's not a whole lot to write about this place, except that it is a great deli. I'm relieved to get a sandwhich, soup and salad from a place that is not 'fast food'.
I stop here for lunch when I'm in the Henderson area. The prices are steep, but you're paying for quality and that yummy spicy pickle.Ǿ
This place is awesome! If I lived in the Vegas/Henderson area I'd become one of their regulars. Looks like there was one in San Diego but it closed. Definitely will go back to Spicy Pickle when I'm in Vegas next!Ǿ
Hit and miss...Usually, miss.

My husband and I have eaten here several times and I think today is our last. The food ALWAYS takes forever, and today they served two tables before us when they ordered after! Our paninis were overcooked and the soup was cold. I tried a different sandwich than usual, the Italian, and was disappointed. The sauce didn't really mesh well with the rest of the sandwich and the meat tasted more like hot dog. The Bandito is normally pretty good, when it is on the correct bread...My husband had it today and for some reason, they put it on the ciabatta instead of the focaccia today. Not so good.

Another negative, the tables are always dirty!

There are better places to go for soups, salads and sandwiches.Ǿ
I used to come here a lot when I was working in Henderson but now it's too out of the way and not really worth it. We came here three night ago and they had changed their menu. They've removed their Englishman off the menu which was our favorite sandwich but offered to make it anyway. This sandwich is like a slaw-be-jo (roast beef, Russian dressing, coleslaw) from Capriottis but on their ciabatta bread. This was by far the best bite we had that night. 

I ordered some sort of Italian sandwich with mortadella and salami but something about it made it bland and  strange tasting. The peppercinis are nice but their roasted red peppers were mushy and gross. We ordered a kid's pizzetti which is just a pizza on thin flat bread. This was nothing special. 

When I used to frequent this place, I'd order the Greek salad with salami but it's close to $9 and way too easy to make at home. I guess if you want to spend a lot of money for a little food, go to the Spicy Pickle and order an Englishman and Greek salad but I probably won't be back.Ǿ
My fiance and I tried Spicy Pickle for lunch today.  I had the corn and green chili bisque, as well as a wrap with turkey, honey mustard, spinach, and apples (!) inside.  The wrap sounded interesting on paper, and I thought it might be one of those kind of happy surprises where a bunch of random ingredients work together.  It wasn't.  The honey mustard clashed with the apples and had a weird aftertaste.  The soup was bland and cold.  My fiance got a panini with roasted red peppers on it, which was over-toasted and bland.  The food took a long time to come out, and the service was just so-so.  I wasn't thoroughly sicked out by this place - it was partially my fault for trying something so risky - but I'm still not very motivated to return.Ǿ
So we went back after the Groupon for this place and I was officially turned into a "not so big fan" of this place.   We waited over 1 hour for our food and after that it was pretty close to not consumable.   We only ate it because we were there so long! 

Won't be going back....ever.Ǿ
Always down to trying new places. Having said that.... not impressed with the pickle!
Food was below standard... I ordered the chicken pizza with sun-dried tomatoes and fresh rosemary. First of all, no rosemary, secondly it came out wet! My crust was a soggy mess....
Definitely not worth the price, or my time for a repeat visit.Ǿ
We bought a couple of Groupons and decided to try out Spicy Pickle after the Yelpified Office Hours the other day.

We split a med sandwich and Sonoma pizzetti.

The sandwich had roasted chicken, lettuce, tomatoes, red onions, kalamata olives, cucumbers, pepperoncini peppers and feta, drizzled with Greek dressing. It was okay but not as good as I was hoping. It came with a pickle that was only spicy pickle. I was hoping for a more distinct pickle given the name of the joint but whatever.

The pizzetti had grilled chicken, fresh mozzarella, sun-dried tomatoes, fresh rosemary, mozzarella and tomato sauce. The sauce was a little sweeter than I like and the chicken was flavorless. However, the crust was really good. It was perfectly thin and crispy.

Overall, I'd give Spicy Pickle a 2.5. I'm rounding up as I really liked the pizzetti crust. We'll be back at least once more as I've got one more Groupon.Ǿ
Amazing paninis & soups! Best pickles!!
Customer service is great- quick service, always smiling.
LOVE this place!!Ǿ
The best sandwich shop in Vegas!  Seriously my favorite place to get a sandwich.  The cole slaw and sundried tomato mayo are awesome.  I always order a "build your own" panini style (hot) on their ciabatta bread, delicious!  I also love their pickles, so much so that I order a side of them every time and they are indeed spicy.  Highly recommended!Ǿ
My fella purchased the Groupon for this place, so off we went. 

I wanted to like Spicy Pickle, but I was really unimpressed. I ordered the half panini and soup combo. For my panini I got the Bastille and Red Rock Seafood chowder for the soup. The soup was just ok, a little on the sweet side which was a tad unappealing. The panini was absolutely flavorless. Really disappointing. My fella got the Sausalito Bandido panini and he was very disappointed as well. The vegetables were not fresh and everything in my sandwich was soggy. I only had a few bites of my sandwich before I gave up entirely and threw it away. 

After dinner, my fella recommended we get a palate cleanser (aka dessert) to get the lackluster flavors off our tongues.

I have no incentive to come back here.Ǿ
Went here with one of my sisters yesterday, her treat. We went in around 4ish and the girl behind the counter was on the phone. She didn't even acknowledge us. She just stood there talking for a good 5-7 minutes then said, "Oh, sorry. Can I take your order." Ugh. I think she was talking to another customer on the phone, but somebody else should have ran POS at that point.

 I got the Spinach Salad (large - $6.29) and my sister got the El Rancho Salad (Large - $6.99) We each got a fountain drink because I saw they have a soda water tab, which is always cheaper than Pelligrino. 

I'm not sure what a small looks like, but I can't imagine it would be any large than a cup. The large salad is not filling whatsoever, which is why I suspect it's served with a sourdough roll. My salad was topped with blue cheese and apples and some sort of vinagrette. Sadly, it was very bland, because there wasn't much cheese and the dressing tasted like straight canola. My sister said her salad was okay, but that it was too small, especially for the $18 she spent for our meal. 

I found it odd that most of the lights were turned off, so it was pretty dark inside. I can understand if they keep most of the lights off when no customers are in there, but when there's 3 to 4 tables filled, the lights should all be on. It made it feel cold, especially because it was already getting darker outside. 

I'd like to try their harvest special, but I'm not going out of my way to go eat there. Their prices are too steep for what you receive. So yeah, meh, I've experienced better. 2 stars.Ǿ
I love the pick-a-dilly yo or whatever its called combo. You get a choice of half a sandwich or panini, salad, or soup. It about $6 or so.

I love the sausalito bandito panini. It has turkey, pepper jack cheese, sundried tomatoes, and roasted red peppers. My fave! I haven't tried any of the others because well, I really like this one. Their sandwiches and subs, don't sound too appetizing to me.

I usually get the twiced baked potato soup, which I find very delish. Its really thick somewhat cheesy. I've been wanting to try the seafood bisque but its always sold out when I go! =(

It comes with a spicy pickle (ha!) which I very much look forward to getting. It has spices on it, I think there are even corriander seeds on it too. It compliments the meal very well.

Service here is usually quick. Staff is friendly. No complaints there. Although Panera Bread has better quality food, I still like Spicy Pickle because their combo is a little more affordable. Whereas Panera Bread, you have to pay additional for the signature sandwiches and salads.Ǿ
Nice, convenient place to go for sandwiches, paninis, soups and salads. My mom and I went here for dinner around 5:30 one evening and the place was empty. After looking over the menu at the counter, my mom ordered the Santorini Pizzetti (An individual 11"  really thin/cracker crust pizza, also referred to as Neopolitan-style, covered in a thin layer of tomato sauce, mozzarella, feta, oregano, green peppers, sun-dried tomatoes, artichoke hearts, and kalamata olives, and then drizzled with extra virgin olive oil. I ordered the Garden State sandwich, which comprised of Portobello mushrooms (grilled I assume), tomatoes, red onions, roasted red peppers, spinach, and fresh mozzarella, drizzled with honey-balsamic vinaigrette, and layered between a ciabatta roll. I also ordered a small cup of Redrock Seafood Bisque, which came with a side of bread. 

After ordering and paying, we sat down at a booth and waited a few minutes before our food arrived. Immediately after tasting the soup, my mom said it was not hot enough, so I asked the cashier if she could tell the cooks to make the soup hotter, which she apologized for and took back. While waiting for the soup, my mom and I began eating our food. My mom enjoyed her Pizzetti, and I thought my sandwich was delicious. The veggies and mozzarella inside my sandwich tasted fresh, and every ingredient worked together, resulting in a healthy and mild-flavored sandwich. The ciabatta itself was perfect- the right amount of soft, the right amount of chewy, and the right amount of crusty crust. The complimentary pickle was okay, nothing extraordinary. 

After a few minutes of eating our food, the server came back with the soup and warned us that it was hot. Good thing she warned us because the soup was very hot, but oh so delicious. Creamy soup with chunks of seafood. Perfect on its own or with bread. For $3.29, it's a good deal. Overall, we enjoyed our food. I will be back.Ǿ
We had Spicy Pickle in Colorado and was very disappointed. But, we do like the one in Henderson. We do a build your own with roasted chicken, mayo, mustard, lettuce, cucumbers and that works for us. We also like the Wise Guys and the Bronx. The cookies are pretty good too. They are baked fresh in their store. I can't say much about the soup because its 100+ degrees in the summer, so I haven't tried it. 
The pick-a-dilly-yo is a good lunch special. Half Sand. w soup or salad. I've had the Caesar salad and its so-so.

Spicy Pickle is a franchise, so their menu's are the same but the sandwiches will vary in taste depending on their  demographics and where they get their vegetables from. The desserts are also different depending on their owner.   

They also do catering. Not sure on pricing...go check their website.Ǿ
Well... I kinda feel bad about giving it 3 stars since I got a groupon deal anyway but anyways...
Ordered lobster bisque - it was great. I could probably just eat that with a good slice of bread and that would be enough for lunch.

Bandido something pannini - gosh... go easy on that mayo. It's not a bad pannini but it is overloaded with mayo. Hopefully someone in a corporate office is reading yelp.

Greek salad - meh... it's a salad... and it has feta cheese in it so I guess it's enough to be called greek.

Bottom line: if I'm in the area during lunch I might think about going there although there are other options available close by.Ǿ
Service was very attentive and nice. Their build your own pizza did not have a list of items to choose from so it was difficult to order. Pizza came out nice, not as crispy as I had hoped but very tasty.Ǿ
For the price you can' beat the panini's and the soup that they have.  I just wish they were open later on the weekends so I could satisfy my craving more often.Ǿ
One of my favorite sandwich places. I am a huge fan of their vegetarian sandwich (The Garden). It just has an amazing texture from the mozzarella cheese. And the vinaigrette they use. I also like their flatbread pizza. Also, their signature spicy pickles are really really good. 

I will honestly say that it is a long trip fr my house. But when I in in the neighborhood of Henderson, I like dropping by.  

There is plenty of space, and very clean. They also offer catering!Ǿ
second visit at spicy pickle... but the first time i had a sandwich and soup. i don't remember which one I ordered but was delighted with the flavors. Spicy Pickle is kinda like panera bread. this time i ordered a zappa pizza. it came with 6 small squared slices the sauce was white that tasted like a cheesy alfredo sauce topped with chicken and sun-dried tomatoes on thin crunchy crust.  it was a different kind of pizza not like grimaldi's or pizza hut. i tasted home-made and was lighter because the crust was so thin. definitely a place to go for lunch!Ǿ
Maybe I just ordered the wrong things or they were having an off day. I ordered the make your own with corn beef, swiss and mustard on ciabatta. I had a 2 for 1 flyer so I got a sandwich for the hubby  to go and mine to stay. I also got a large drink because they used to have great fresh brewed tea. I was so disappointed when I went to the beverage bar and it was gone and has been replaced with a multi tea dispenser thats cartridge based. I took a seat and waited a while as it seemed they only had one cook even though it was prime lunch time on a Friday. 

The girl who brought me my sandwich didn't say a word even when I said thank you. My sandwich, the bread was awesome I have to say, but it was like 2 slices of corn beef and a thin sliver of swiss.  Their ad says our sandwiches are "180 degrees from lunch meat on bread" so what I got I wasn't really expecting. It was OK, but the beef was cold which I wasn't expecting or I would have had veggies added to it.

Overall it was just OK, I don't think I'll be rushing back...what is ironic is they had a sign that said "they love us on Yelp"..I guess I am just the oddball..Ǿ
have eaten here several times, sandwichs are good, salads are good, the pizza thingies are great, service is prompt and friendly, overall experience was very good. one of our regular stopsǾ
I made my 2nd trip back to Spicy Pickle. I was sure pleased! 

This time I tried the "Brooklyn" which had Turkey Pastrami, Swiss, Coleslaw, and Thousand Island dressing on rye. It was a panini. It also came with a side of macaroni salad.

The sandwich as very tasty. The Coleslaw was crunchy and fresh. The Thousand Island dressing added a nice touch and they weren't shy on it which I liked since I like extra dressing on anything.

The macaroni salad was unlike any other I ever had. It maybe had an Italian dressing on it? I'm not sure but it was fresh and tasty. There were crunchy fresh pieces of celery and onion in it. 

I had my own drink so the meal cost $7.56. I was yet again very pleased and will for sure be back! I think I will try their flat bread pizza next!Ǿ
I've never been here without a groupon so I can't really comment on any price related matters.

My wife and I have a couple sandwiches we like, with the yard bird being out current favorite.  It has bacon, cheese, and apple on a turkey sandwich. Since they seem to love to do groupons we have been here five or six times recently and their quality is consistant.

The macaroni salad is a little dry, but the pickles are indeed spicy.

Probably not a must visit, but I'll be keeping an eye out for more coups and will return with those.Ǿ
This is a pretty good lunch spot, but nothing spectacularly insane.

There's not much to say except I've been here once, had a really great chicken caesar.  My husband liked the pepperoni pizza.  It's nice to get a small lunch pizza from a place like this instead of getting a whole pie, although BJ's is just down the street which is a little better.  However this one seemed healthier.  Also, they have great fresh brewed iced tea.

I wouldn't go out of my way to go here but it is so close to my house that it is worth going to.Ǿ
Jumping on the "been here cause I had a Groupon" wagon :)  

Finally got to try this place out since we were in the area.  Atmosphere is real nice.  Clean and I liked the colors inside.  I was actually expecting much less for the inside of this place.  The workers were real  nice and service was quick.

I got the Bandido panini - mostly because I liked the name of the sandwich and couldn't decide what else to get.  It was pretty good!  Lots of turkey, nicely toasted with that little crunch.  Loved the roasted red peppers and sundried tomatoes in it and pepper jack cheese gives its a kick!  For an dollar extra, I got some pasta salad on the side.  I thought that was sort of bland and could use some extra flavor.  Nothing really too fancy there!

My husband got the Wise Guy because he has a love for Italian sandwiches.  It was pretty mediocre.  "Better than a Subway sandwich" was what I thought when i bit into it.  There was way too much bread so the meat got a little lost (insert "thats what she said" here).  I did appreciate that they included quality Italian meats like capicola in it... but the entire time he was wishing that he got a panini instead :)

This place is a solid three.  If I'm ever in the area again, I would probably try it again.Ǿ
Seafood Bisque!! Do it!!
the Groupon as rad, but it sold me on the place. It's like less pretentious, but similarly prices Panara. I get something different every time and have liked each item.Ǿ
I always drive past here wondering if its good. So i yelped it. Great reviews, but i still kept driving past. So today I finally decided to bite the bullet and damm was it good.

I ordered the adobe panini! It was good. There is so many choices. I was confused. Next time I'm gonna build my own.

I have to visit again soon. Maybe monday. They gave me a coupon for buy one get one pizzeti and i wanna try it.Ǿ
We were not in the mood for cooking at home so we decided to forgo the typical Subway night and decided on Spicy Pickle.  I am glad we did.  We used to go there more often when we lived closer but we made our trek to their establishment.   Some sandwich shop really don't give alot of choices for pescatarians but Spicy Pickle has a few more choices.  They have what they call the Dilly-o meal which is half a sandwich and a side salad or soup.  This allows you to try two things at the same time.  I ordered the Sinker (tuna sandwich) and a cup of their double baked potato soup.   My partner ordered the Garden State (portabello and other veggies) and a side of tuna salad.  I love the way they prepare the tuna.  It is somewhat tinged with spice.  Their breads are fresh and not the typical torpedo or sliced bread but ciabattas and paninis.  We enjoyed our meal as always.  I wish they get more customers because I never see it packed.  This eating establishment is a nice alternative to other sandwich shops for sure.Ǿ
This place is all in all okay. Let's not be over done about it, the sandwiches are small, tasty; but small nonetheless..... And the prices need to take a step down. What is it with these places sometimes? The longer they are in business and the more popular they get, the smaller and more pricey the food gets?!?! I only come here for a sandwich when I have a groupon. For this area, I'll take Beach Hut Deli, firehouse subs, or San francisco sourdough eatery over spicy pickle any day. An if it's the healthy your looking for, go down the street to eastern/ione and grab up some panera bread. Just keeping it real..... BOOM!Ǿ
A make your own sandwich place with a hefty list of options. I was lazy and picked the Italian panini (but changed out the mayo for balsalmic vinegar) and the fiance created his own concoction. They let you pick up to 3 meats for the same price which is pretty sweet if you love variety (you get 3 oz of meat on each sandwich regardless of whether you pick 1, 2, or 3 meats). 

I was happy with my panini , but my fiance's came out semi crispy on top but with cold meat and cheese in the middle. He blames the grill being turned up too high, but I have no clue. Sounds nit-picky, but for a $7 panini you want it to be right ! The pizetti's looked freaking awesome, so I look forward to trying one next time.  Also of note - no baked chips options (they really should have some!), and this place is crazy kid friendly. I'm talking there were 15 patrons under the age of 3 while we were dining on a Saturday. I definitely know to avoid this place on Tuesday evenings - kids eat free!Ǿ
I like the Groupon deal for Spicy Pickle better than I like most of the food at Spicy Pickle. What can I say? I like a value. But I'm a soup and salad master, so I come back for that alone.

Staff is usually very friendly. I bonded with Miranda particularly because it's rare to find another Miranda in Vegas. Sirius XM's The Blend will fill your ears as you order a signature panini or sandwich...or do what my man does and spend 5 minutes contemplating ingredients and creating your own. The selection of meats, sauces, and cheeses they have aren't fully represented in their signature recommendations. There's a lot more in the kitchen than meets the eye.

I've enjoyed the Yard Bird the most. The Brooklyn secures second place. Whoever made my Bandido put two handfuls too many of red peppers on it. Not my style. Atkins diet beware! My sandwiches are often way too bready. Plus, you get a slice of bread with your soup. Too much bread at times.

The Spinach Salad is a great contrast if you want the potato soup without a carb overload. The apple, walnut, bleu cheese, and vinaigrette cuts through the creamy soup and has you going back for one and then the other alternately.

Trust me on the potato soup. That's about all I can guarantee.Ǿ
Great variety. Not just a sandwich place.  Plan on $10 a person. We all enjoyed our lunch.Ǿ
Spicy Pickle is a nice quiet place to grab a quick lunch. For the most part, I consider them to be like Panera or any of the other bistro like sandwich eateries on a fast food scale. I came here with my friend on her lunch break and was out with an ample amount of time left. 

The counter service was pleasant and our food came out quickly. The meal itself was filling, but was not too much to make us sluggish. My Wise Guy came with capicola, mortadella, hard salami, provolone cheese, EVOO basil mayo, roasted red peppers, pepperoncini peppers, red onions, lettuce and tomato served on Ciabatta. The bread was thick and chewy without being tough. I like that they do not slather the sandwich in mayo either. I was debating on leaving it out, but was worried it would be too dry. My decision to let it be did not end with regrets and I am grateful for it. Add a dollar for a side salad and it becomes a nice meal. I am not a fan of their vinaigrette. It is more oil based and had no flavor. Next time I will request something else. 

Overall, I would come back again. It is just hard to not go a little further up the street to my favorite brunch place.Ǿ
I happened to be in the area and was hungry so I used the Android Yelp App to search for Sandwich joints in the area.  Found this one and decided to give it a shot.  I'm glad I did.

I ordered the Wise Guys Sub (Capocolla, Mortadella, Hard Salami, Lettuce, Tomatoes, Roasted Red Peppers, Pepperoncini Peppers, Provolone, and Basil Mayo) on Ciabatta Bread $6.99, a bag of Jalapeno Chips $.80, and a Bottle of Water $1.99.

The food came out within a few minutes.  The size of the Sandwich was just right....not too big and not too small.  I eagerly took a bite and was impressed with the flavor that the Roasted Red Peppers brought to the Sandwich.  I've had a lot of Italian Sandwiches and have never had one with Roasted Red Peppers.....additionally, the Basil Mayo added another element to the Sub which made it very good.  The proportion of Meat and toppings was very good.

The only complaint is that with all of that wet stuff in the Sandwich, the ingredients were sliding off the Bread and it took some work to keep it all together.  I didn't dock them any stars for that....it's more of a preference thing.

Of course the Sandwich came with a Spicy Pickle.....which I didn't think was too Spicy at all.....nice flavor though.  Would have enjoyed a really Spicy Pickle.....was hoping for one.

Will I return?  I live on the other side of town and rarely come to Egypt....but next time I'm near the area, I'll be back.Ǿ
Great lunch, decent prices and an overall fantastic place!  They have great cuts of meat that are full of flavor, great tasting bread and awesome vegetables. What more could you want in a sandwich? The wife and I frequent this place for a late breakfast/early lunch and we could not be more pleased. The "Wiseguy" rules, so hard.Ǿ
Whenever I say Spicy Pickle my stomach starts growling!

I've been chowing down their food since they opened.  I can't deny its the chicken chili bowl that makes me come back. One night they didn't' have it and I was so upset.  LOL I wish I had the recipe and make it myself.  *I think i'm hungry again*  = 0)  This is honestly what brings me back.

The paninis are my favorite.  I think their better than the regular sandwiches.  I think Ive tried most of them and had no complaints.

The Bronx is my favorite:  Corned beef, swiss, coleslaw and thousand island dressing

My 2nd is the Bandido (Roasted turkey, roasted red peppers, sundried tomatoes, pepperjack and chipotle mayo)

Just recently I finally tried the caesar salad with chicken.  Man! They gave a lot.  I did do the 1/2 salad and small soup combo and thought it was a lot.  Or did I get lucky? hehehehe The salad dressing was yum and there were bits of artichoke in there.  

Now I want to try the other salads.  The pizza aren't my favorite here I have to admit.

Lunch gets busy here because of the hospital close by.  Staff is friendly and usually you don't' wait to long for your food.Ǿ
I think I kind of hated this place. Maybe hate's too strong a word. My sandwich was blah. The flavors were bland and the texture was wet and overly soggy for a panini. I got the Sausalito and I tried the Seafood Chowder and Bastille from my girlfriend's plate. I think the prices are reasonable there is potential for a good sandwich, but I just didn't experience it this time. I don't think I'll be back.Ǿ
Had the Southside Sandwich with a caesar salad - to go.  I thought they were both good.  The sandwich had a good portion of me and lot's of flavor.  I would definitely eat from here again.Ǿ
Soup?  What soup?  OK, it's 115 in Henderson today, but you could at least have a Gazpacho or a Chilled Cucumber soup.  No soups today, just sandwiches and salads.  My husband had the Italian panini and I had the Englishman (roast beef) on a roll.  My husband's was OK, though he was upset that the ice tea machine was dispensing water rather than tea.  My sandwich had more horseradish than beef.  The beef that was there was subpar.  Both of us had hardly enough meat to see, much less taste.  If you want a sandwich where you can see the meat, go to Smith's deli.  Why weren't we there ourselves?  Because sometimes it takes a hour for them to make a sandwich (they are not too organized).  Maybe I'll try this place again in the fall when the so-we-have-been-told delicious soups are on display.Ǿ
I really like the Spicy Pickle! Although the pickle that comes with your meal isn't THAT spicy! :P
My friend and I hit this up after an intense yoga class, and even after being starved all day then taking yoga class we still couldn't finnish our half sandwich with a soup combo! The seafood bisque is yummy so is the Chili.
I hope this place sticks around. The service was kind and fast. No complaints there either. Great place to stop for your lunch hour!Ǿ
This is one of my favorite sandwich places in Henderson.  Only issue is that it is a bit pricey.  But, personally, it is worth it compared to Quiznos and Subway.  However, it is cheaper than Panini Bread.
I can't remember the name of the sandwich that I usually order (never good with names), it has corn, slicked turkey, and sundried tomatoes on a pressed panini.  I think the bread makes this sandwich tastes so good.  Because it is only like 5 minutes from my house, I normally stop by weekly....Ǿ
I think this place is a great lunch spot!

I have been twice and both times got the combo. The crab bisque is awesome, panini's and salads are both really good.  I will stopping by every time I have to stop at Lowe'sǾ
Well I got a coupon I'm the mail 2 sandwiches for $10.  They didn't honor that so the tone was set.  Now if the sandwiches were fantastic no big deal.  Unfortunately they were marginal at best   I can safely cross the spicy pickle off of my list at this point.  if you want a good sandwich at a similar price go to Panera bread. Beats this place hands down.Ǿ
Very seldom will I ever go any place and order anything without some sort of meat in it.  When at the SP I am drawn to the De Luca gourmet panini with all of it's non animal flesh glory.

SP is cool and on my last visit an extremely affable gentleman recommended his version of a bbq chicken pizza.  His enthusiasm for his special pizza caused me stray from my normal vegi sandwich order.  It was a damn good pizza.Ǿ
We each ordered a  1/2 Bastille Panini (portabella mushroom, roasted red peppers, provolone, red onions, tomatoes, alfalfa sprouts and sundried tomato mayo) plus a cup of Redrock seafood bisque.  I would return for the bisque, but the MSRP of the Panini seemed high.Ǿ
This was my first time here and I was surprised. I've been told in the past that this place was expensive...but you get a lot of food. I ordered the Adobe panini. It came with a pretty big sandwich (bread is thick), pasta salad or salad, and a pickle. All that for $7.99...seems ok to me. Btw, if you sign up for their newsletter, you receive a coupon for a free meal during your birthday month.Ǿ
I love their combos! The seafood bisque is a must-try and their paninis are always oh-so-good! And we always order extra pickles cause one is never enough. Wayyy better than Panera Bread.Ǿ
If you can appreciate a good sandwich..this is the place to go! This was my first time going there and I had the sausilito bandido..soo good! Subway can suck it!Ǿ
Had the Sausalito Bandido panini since the girl at the counter suggested it. Sausalito turkey, roasted red peppers, sundried tomatoes, pepperjack and chipotle mayo.  Not bad..  Has a nice kick to it as well, but a little to heavy for me.  Easy on the mayo next time, yah?  

Verdict: Reminds me of Earls of Sandwich inside Planet Hollywood except they have pizza and panini.  Would love to come back and try everything else.  Has potential. 3.5 out of 5Ǿ
I love spicy. 
I love pickles. 
So, when I drove by the name totally caught my eye. I had to drop in. And to my surprise, it's a soup, salad, sammich, panini, pizza spot. I, literally, died and went to heaven =)

The first time I went there, I had their Bastille panini which is portobello, red peppers, onions, tomatoes, alfalfa, and mozzarella...talk about refreshing!!! My picky mom had a bite and loved it, too..
Since then I've samps'd most, if not all, their paninis; some subs; couple salads...and I love them ALL!!!!!
I have yet to try their pizzas =( I know, I suck!

Thankfully, it's close to my house so, I'm sure I'll samps 'em sooner over later...Ǿ
This place is okay at best, and definitely over priced.  I ordered the "gobbler" which was supposed to have turkey (had about 1.5 pieces of lunch meat) and artichoke hearts (saying I had a total of 1 heart is being generous).  I had gotten it to go or else I would have definitely had them make a new one.  I won't return, it's definitely not worth the price....Ǿ
i love this place.  to be honest, i've only had one sandwich...the sausilto bandito.  it's great.  i always try to order something new, but i always crave this one.  

they also serve pizza and salads as well.Ǿ
Ooo a pickle that is spicy. Food was okay, but not really worth the price if you ask me!Ǿ
Favorite spot for a quick sandwich.  Salads are fresh and healthy and sandwiches are the perfect comfort food.  Husband and I go twice a month.

9 times out of 10 the employees are friendly and quick to help.  Once in a blue moon, the teenagers are a tiny bit cranky but that has never affected my meal! 

Must try- spinach salad and Gobbler sandwich.Ǿ
The food was better than the service, the portions are pretty large.. i got a sanwhich that ended up having apples in ( i need to read the whole ingredient info next time not just chicken and bacon and get excited)... totally ruined it chicken bacon bleu cheese  honey mustard and... apples?! kinda weird i took them off at it was good. I think everyone working there used to be a door greeter at wal-mart they were so slow. even the guy at the cash register seemed like he was looking for a picture on the screen instead of the words.. overall i can just go across the way to panera bread if all else fails... oh but the spicy pickle itself. yeah it was deliciousǾ
I'm another one of those "I went to Spicy Pickle because I bought the Groupon" people. I've been reading not so great things about the place, so my expectation bar was set fairly low. That worked well because I was not disappointed by the food. I was not blown away either.

I went with the half sandwich + soup combo. I let one of my friends use up the remainder of my Groupon. On a recommendation from another friend, I chose the Yard Bird and paired it up with the Seafood Bisque. I quite enjoyed the bisque. It wasn't too salty and was pretty flavorful. The sandwich was decent. It started off slightly blah, but then half way through, I reached the section that had all of the cubes of apple and the piece of bacon. That part of the sandwich was delicious and ended the meal on a high note. As for the pickle, it wasn't in-your-face spicy, but I consider that a good thing.

Overall, I give Spicy Pickle an A-OK. The food was good enough that I wouldn't mind returning for another lunch with friends.Ǿ
I like the food.  It's quick, they have good salad and half sandwich options.  When I am out running errands this is a nice go-to place to swing into to grab a quick bite to-go without having to eat heavy fried food.   Have I had better, yes.  Does it matter, not really.  I don't have to wait in a long line (hello Panera) and that makes me happy.Ǿ
As a recent transplant to this area I have found myself staring at the sign for the Spicy Pickle every time I turn from Eastern to St Rose Parkway.  I have no idea why it has taken over three months to make my first visit, but it will certainly not take three months for my next.

The seating area is clean and contemporary.  The menu is cool and quasi-healthy.  The ingredients tasted fresh on each of my wife and my sandwich and salad.

The staff was courteous and kind.  I will be back.Ǿ
Bandido panini & green chili corn chowder were delicious!Ǿ
I went to a Spicy Pickle in Arizona and loved it, so I was really excited when I discovered there was one here.  Talked it up to the husband, finally convinced him to go.....and what a disappointment it was.  Portions were a lot smaller than I remember, and it didn't taste great.  Definitely not worth what we paid.  Quiznos/Subway quality at Panera prices?  No thanks.Ǿ
I've been here twice. Both because I had a Groupon. The first time I came I got a sandwich, which was good, but not great. There was some thing in it that I didn't like. I couldn't figure it out. But the people were very helpful.

I came back today to use my second Groupon and ordered the Napa w/out bacon. I was so happy when my order came out and the man asked and checked my pizza to make sure there was no bacon. Not too long ago I was at a different sandwich place in the district, ordered no bacon and they put bacon in it. So I really appreciated that. When I went back to work, my supervisor and I tried the pizza. It was really good. I'm not usually a fan of flat bread pizza, but this was really good. There was chicken, sun dried tomatoes, mozzarella and spicy ranch sauce. The sauce was not at all spicy to me, but we really enjoyed it.Ǿ
Tried out this place yesterday for a carry-out dinner on my way home.  I rank it middle of the pack.  It definitely feels more satisfying, healthy, and pricey than your typical fast food burger joint, but not as creative or filling as something like Capriotti's.  

Between two of us we had the Bastille panini, large greek salad, and large chicken chili.  We thought all were quite flavorful, good combinations of ingredients.  The Bastille contains portabello, roasted red peppers, onions, tomatoes, alfalfa sprouts, and mozzarella.  Good stuff, and a good sized sandwich (filling, but not too much, don't expect leftovers).  The Greek salad and soup were tasty, but both were quite small for "large" sizes.  The soup was maybe 8 oz, one cup, which is actually pretty small as far as I'm concerned, especially for nearly $5.  

So, kudos to Spicy Pickle for quality, tasty, fast food, but for the price portions on some things are on the small side.  The service when I was there was incredibly friendly, and - opposed to other comments - my pickle was actually quite spicy.Ǿ
My sisters and I voted, 7.5 out of 10. Decent sandwiches, very clean and good customer service.Ǿ
Came here twice thanks to Groupon...and it may be awhile until I return. The first time Groupon decided to work on its site when I wanted to pull up my Groupon on my phone so I couldn't use it and had already ordered so ended up paying full price. Not a happy camper.

 It has good food and a nice seating area, but it is a little overpriced for such small portions. The paninis are on a big piece of bread but have the smallest amount of contents! The soup was good but not anything I would make a special visit here for. The Greek salad was also good but lacked on toppings. Everything is very fresh, which they charge you for, but you don't get much of it. My pizza crust was literally BLACK from being burned so bad. Sadly I did take out on my that visit and did not realize it until I got home. Needless to say I threw half of my $10 mini pizza away. 

For being a "fast service" place their prices were very high and both times I went in the only other people there were employees, sitting at the tables eating. No wonder they put a Groupon out, business must be slow!