Have successfully just "rolled" myself home after a totally lovely evening at the preview opening of the brand new Cross & Corner.  

Recently been taken over by new management, this new gastropub has been totally refurnished, it has managed to retain the charm of a more traditional edinburgh pub but with some great quirky contemporary features. A million miles away from its old look, they have created a special place for locals and further afield to enjoy a good meal and drinks.

I had some a lovely big portion of fish and chips, with some properly not-to-mushy, mushy pees and some obviously homemade tartar sauce. Yum! A nice big tankard (nice glasses!) of lime and soda to wash it all down. They even managed to rustle up a decaf coffee for fussy old me as well, and in a proper teacup and saucer. My dining partner had a some properly tasty homemade scotch eggs and steak that looked/ tasted good too.

This place is full of charm, an substantial beer, hand pull ales, ciders, wines and spirits selections and a simple but good menu (not many veggie options at the moment). There's still a few bits to be smoothed out as its brand spanking new, but this is a cracker, be sure to check this place out!笑
Seeing the previous reviews for this newly-reopened pub, I was eager to try it out. I walked from Old Town on a blustery, rainy evening and was happy to take refuge inside. The drink selection was just above average and I enjoyed a nice half pint of a white wheat beer. Since we had arrived at 6, it was easy to grab a table. We managed to locate some food menus and I had the mussels in a light curry sauce which were very good. They were served with olive bread that was a bit dry and tasteless despite trying to be nice. Later I had the chocolate and raspberry roulade for dessert which was delicious but a bit dear for £5. 

Overall, this is a solid place. Its location isn't terribly convenient for me so I don't see myself going out of my way to come here often. While one server was really friendly and helpful, another one was just ok and kept trying to take our menu away. I enjoyed the experience but felt the food was a bit overpriced and, later in the evening, it became quite loud and hard to talk with all of the noise of the place. It is fine, though, but not terribly high on my list if places to go.笑
I really liked this place as I think they've pitched themselves just right for an audience that wants good food, a relaxed atmosphere and a neighbourhood vibe. I've only been for brunch, so I can't comment on its nighttime strengths and weaknesses.

Around the brunch table was a fine selection of full breakfasts, Scotch eggs, my duck hash, eggs-something-or-other and a general hubbub of contented conversation. The staff were attentive yet relaxed, not too pushy but aware of what was going on. They also have a blackboard list of their local suppliers, which I think is a nice touch: it means you could recreate your C&C experience at home, though without the designers filament light bulbs hanging from the ceiling. Unless you have them in your house of course. Or you live at Cross & Corner.笑
this is a bit overdue, but i'm upping my rating for Cross & Corner.  on my first initial visits i wasn't overly impressed with the food although the drink options were good.  however, my last few visits i've been well impressed with the food.  i'm not sure if they got a new chef or different recipes, but i have to say the food on offer is top notch for a gastro-pub.  i definitely would recommend the burger and if you're just looking for a bar snack, the chips here are quite good! a wee bit pricey still, but worth paying!笑
Stumbled upon this place after leaving Edinburgh bicycle co-op across the street.  What a lovely surprise!  The staff were friendly, the music was fun, and all the food ordered was delicious.

My husband and I shared the cheese board- delicious and large serving.  I had gnocchi and sweet potatoes in Parmesan cream sauce while my husband had a burger- both were great.    We will be back笑
So lovely here. I come most Tuesdays for lunch before my Zumba class. 

They were superb today. Really helpful and quick as I was running a bit behind. 

Great prices.  Atmosphere and service excellent. 

I'll be going again soon!!笑
Not been down here for a while, but felt it's well worth a recommendation. They do an amazing specials menu every evening, which I've enjoyed on many an occasion! Everything's fresh, tasty, and individual enough so you're feeling you're eating something you'd only get there - always something I look for when eating out somewhere.

They've an amazingly long list of great craft beers, gins, cocktails and artisan roast coffee. And they use copper pipes as candleholders. Genius!笑
Only been in for a drink but pretty decent. Good range of wines, beers and spirits. Managed to get a seat easily enough and wasn't too busy. 

Prices about the same for wine as most places - small wine about £4 mark and good range of options. Staff cheery and friendly.

So, will return if I'm in the area. Might be sticking to wine though - no prices on the spirits section of the menu when I was in so beware of surprises...笑
Popped in here after seeing that the place had been renovated for a quick pint. In its previous guise it was quite a rough and ready establishment, and probably not worth lingering in. Now its a completely different place. Nice decor, lots of fancy beers and doing amazing looking food. There was a good range of beers to tempt us and we settled on a wheat beer and cider, this is probaly the only downside we experienced, the price. For a tenner we recieved some pennies back for a 2 pint order.... erm!! The pints were good and the staff were excellent, talking us through the menu and the changes made to the place. Friendly pub that I will head back to in order to experince the food, just watch the bar prices some of the items on tap can be a little expensive笑
Quite unimpressed. I came here for a dinner with my partner last night celebrating my new job. This place came reccomended by a friend who told us they had the best chips in Edinburgh. 

I ordered the fish and chips, my partner had the burger. We also had the pork and chicken crackling as a starter. 

The starter was quite nauseating, extremely greasy and the hairs were still evident on the port skin- it looked like a hairbrush. The horseradish ketchup was also missing.

Same issue with the fish and chips. It was as though the fish came straight out of the oil onto the plate. Also there were no mushy peas, just plain boiled peas. We also had dessert, the chocolate amaraetto tart was ok, but nothing special. And the chips were not that great. 

I went home feeling extremely ill at the amount of grease consumed. You know that feeling where you feel like you've eaten a ball of raw dough and its just sitting on top of your stomach burning? Yea, I had that feeling. 

I wouldn't return solely because I feel nauseous at the thought of eating there again. Also the meals felt like minimal effort had been put into making them and just were just crap. Lesson learnt.笑
Food is always really solid, and I enjoy coming here when they have special menus available (like their recent Burn's Night menu, a really nice 4 course meal with a beer tasting for each course for only £21.50!) I also like their gin cocktails. Consistently good restaurant I'll definitely continue to visit.