Vegetable variety is good, but some of the products were either past their expiry date or were not kept at right temperature. Frozen paratha had fungus substance, tamarind date sauce was spoiled, bhel was not at all fresh. A word of caution when buying such stuff.笑
The chaat quality & taste is above average and their gobi Manchuria recipe needs improvement...will try once again.笑
Spice Hut is a smaller grocer that sells South Asian foodstuffs such as fresh fruits, vegetables, refrigerated food, frozen food and dry foods specific to the countries of India, Nepal, Pakistan, Sri Lanka, Bangladesh, Afghanistan and Maldives.  Also inside the market is a café that prepares and serves food to go or to dine in.  

The grocery side of the store, which comprises three long aisles, has a large variety of South Asian foods in a surprisingly small space.  I saw some things on the shelves that I have not seen in other grocers in the east valley and a variety of frozen foods that includes most of the more popular regional cuisines.  There is a large selection of snack foods, large bags of various types of rice, 20# bags of different kinds of flour, dairy items and sweet treats too.

The restaurant side of the store serves tasty food out of an inside walk-up counter with a dining area that has four small bistro style tables.  Outside there is a nice paved, shaded patio with about 10 tables that faces McQueen Road.  I was told a cooling system is in the works and will be added for additional comfort for patrons choosing to dine al fresco.

The food served is a little bit different from traditional northern or southern Indian styles as they use the term "From the streets of India, focused on spicy and tangy tastes."  Call it what you want, the food is flavorful, balanced in spice, and freshly made - after all, the ingredients for most of the food prepared in the kitchen is only a few feet away on a shelf!  

Being familiar with East Indian food, but not proficient enough to recite the difference between pani puri and a dahi puri (or pronounce it properly), I had to ask what some of the ingredients were as well how they were prepared.  Currently the menu consists of a dry erase board with hand written entrée offerings but has no descriptions or prices.  However, the staff was friendly and patient in explaining ingredients and preparation styles as well as their method of assembly.  Currently, the entrées range in price from 4 to 7 dollars and are ample in serving size and portion.
 
I was told that the restaurant has only been open for a little over two weeks, so I suspect things such as a typed menu with descriptions and prices, a larger beverage selection and décor on the walls is in the works; perhaps even a picture menu too!  Despite these shortcomings, the food is worthy enough of a visit for a quick and casual fill-up, or get take out for a night free of cooking or heating up the kitchen.

Overall Rating: 4 Stars
Food: 4 Stars
Service: 4 Stars
Cleanliness: 4 Stars
Atmosphere: 3 Stars
Price/Value: 4.5 Stars笑
I think they need to work on customer service. Being busy doesn't mean acting as though orders weren't placed. I ordered food to- go and when we reach the place , they say the order wasn't placed. Highly disappointing!笑
This is a new place closer to my home, their Chats are amazing (Samosa, Dhabeli, Samosa Chat, Vada Pav).. Vegitables in the store is also at decent price.. I would recommend everyone to try the food one time (if you do not care about ambiance)笑
Disappointed by the quality of the food !! 
Ordered Chole Poori $6.99 and ended up having stale chole and burnt poori  and the way they did the togo packing is horrible !!笑
Was pretty excited and had high hopes for this chat place after I had BHEL puri which I felt was pretty good and better than the one at lotus market. But the hopes did nt last that long as I started ordering other items from the menu. For ex. pani puri - puri's were so small and the pani I think came right from the refrigerator, cost is too high for the number of puri's that you get. Gobi Manchurian was way too expensive (10$) for a place like this and taste didn't do any justice for the price. One samosa is close to 2$.

 I feel the owner has not tested the existing market at what price point other chat places like little India and lotus are selling their food. If you have a high price point then you need to increase your quantity. Other places have been here for many years so it makes sense for a new guy to see what others have to offer and analyze what can I do different which can pull the crowd away from those places. We are not walking into a fine dining place to get a small quantity for a higher price.笑
I was very excited when this place opened up but soon realized that they keep expired stock! Even after we told them about expired products they never removed them when we went back a few days later. Also their kitchen is ridiculously expensive! I would rather go to little india where the food is better and prices are much much cheaper at little india. I don't recommend this place, also vegetables are rotten!笑
We have been waiting for this place to open up for quite a while now, and we are sure glad it is stocked and ready to go!  Normally I have to drive all the way to Chandler Blvd for Indian Groceries, or to Lee Lee's for things like fresh Okra.  This store gets fresh Okra on Thursday evenings and it is all gone by Friday afternoon!  Lots of groceries to pick from and prices are very reasonable.  It smelled like fresh garlic nan when we came in to buy groceries, so if they have an attached cafe, then I will try it soon - because the smells were fantastic!笑
If you are hungry then you need to stopby. It is a great place to get a very tasty well-cooked food .This is not only a restaurant with delicious food but also having various kinds of grocery stuff.I used to visit frequently to pick Vegetables,Guava's,Samosa,Pani puri and other stuff too for a valuable price. Inside and outside view of a restaurant is nice with good customer service and seating alignment. Very good experience with dining !I recommend everyone to try it.