Cheapest Mexican breakfast in town!!!  Great food and ok service.  The one on Gibson is the best in my book.笑
OMG ... NEVER AGAIN

The only reason I give this place one star is because the app will not allow me to give it zero.
This is the second time I've tried to eat at Roberto's, the first time I was not served because I did not speak Spanish. I had gone into the location on Eastern on Wednesday and asked if the taco special was available in soft tacos instead of crunchy. I was rudely told no and immediately the young lady started waiting on the person behind me in line because she could converse with them in Spanish.. It was not a busy time, the person behind me was the only other person in the restaurant. Tonight, I came to the location on Gibson. Again, it was a slow time there was only one other person in the restaurant. The place was filthy and several tables needed to be bussed. I was charged a surcharge to use a debit card though it was not posted nor was I told. I went to the restroom to wash my hands while I waited on my order, the restroom was disgusting and there was no soap. I wonder where the cooks wash up. As I mentioned, this was my second attempt, there will not be a third. I did attempt to eat the food, it was mediocre at best. I guess I couldn't get it out of my head that the people working there could not wash their hands.笑
Perfect food for the late night grubs! 3am after a club or a bar..and you just wanna have a good time and need somethin to fill up those alcoholic tummies, this is the joint yo! 

Ok so I haven't gone here late night yet, but i assume it would be perfection. Burritos are awesome and cheap. They melt in your mouth and leak onto your lips and faces. I really like carne asada and adobada burritos. They're both under 5 bucks. Tacos are too cheesy for me but if you're a cheesy type of gal or guy, check it out. 

Typical looking slightly larger mexican restaurant. The service at night was horrible. I stood in front of this mexican chick at the register for at least 10 seconds before she noticed i was standing in front of her. Then she looked at me and was like..'what?' 
GIRL I WILL SLAP YOU! some atrocious service at the time. other days that i have gone it was not that bad, but beware for the beezies who hate their job. 

food is good..forget all the other things i said :).笑
Roberto's, how can I describe you best? Oh I know...CRAZY GOOD DRUNK FOOD! 

After a long night out on the town, partying and drinking it up, head to Roberto's to fulfill your late night munchies. Can I recommend the carne asada nachos? Warm tortilla chips piled high with fresh carne asada meat, guacamole, sour cream and TONS of cheese. Aye papi! 

All-in-all: Good mexican food, fair prices, lots of bang for your buck, made to order, always fresh. Muy bueno ;)笑
I LOVE ROBERTO'S!!! If you want some quick Mexican food this is the place to go. They serve delicious food 24/7. Chicken-Taco-Wednesdays are the best; you can buy as many tacos as you want for $1. I also love their breakfast burritos and enchiladas.笑
Decent mexican tacoria, I got the pork carnitas burrito. It was filling, but definitely greasy. They don't offer free chips like most tacorias which is a bummer. If you purchase a drink they do offer unlimited refills (horchata included!). I also shared the carne asada fries with a friend. That was a huge serving and had plenty of meat, I was not disappointed. The only problem was that you got really sick of eating it. 

Would I come here again? Yes, but its not a spot where I'd suggest going to first. 

-1 star for no free chips, -2 for mediocre food笑
This is the worst Roberto's restaurant that I've ever been to. If I could give it a negative star, I would!  It took them 20 minutes to make 2 breakfast burritos for me. The restaurant was not busy at all. The cook lost my order. I called the manager. His response was.... "Don't come back". Really?!  Oh, I definitely won't be back. Very ignorant and unprofessional.笑
2016 Yelp 100 Review Challenge -     46/100

Bleh. My brother picked up a chicken chimichanga for me from here today and it was bleh. It was still edible, but not as good as Fausto's version. I asked him, "why didn't you go to Fausto's?" (Fausto's is our go-to) His reason being Roberto's was conveniently located next door to the cell phone repair shop."

Reasons for this rating: 
- Brother said the sliced cucumbers tasted like detergent. Maybe some cleaning liquids got in. 
- Chimichanga was filled with fillers -- aka flavorless bland onions, peppers, etc. that didn't go well and less chicken compared to Fausto's Chimichanga. 
- The sides of guacamole and sour cream was half as less as Faustos. 
- The hot sauces had no flavor to it, and overly spicy. Watered down as well.
- The tamarind drink was watered down. 
- Oh, and I know this sounds gross but their carne asada burrito smells like my pup's poo. Not joking and not kidding. Sorry, but it's better that I mention it here. 

I don't usually compare in a review, but with the quality of food we received from here, I say you're better off going down the street to Fausto's on Stephanie and American Pacific. I've never been disappointed with their food and it's the same price. Trust me, you'll thank me later.笑
I've had so many friend hype up Roberto's to me for so long. I've been told that this place is the ish after a long night of drinking, particularly because their open 24 hours a day. But I can't say it really lived up to my expectations. While yes, this place was good-- it just wasn't anything special. It isn't fair that the day I went here was while I was on my cross country road trip, and had the best burrito of my life in Arizona. For this, I would go back and give them another shot. 
I had a vegetarian burrito, my go to order, with beans and rice. My theory on Mexican food: you can always judge a place based on their rice and beans, and the chips and salsa. Green salsa was really good. Burrito was good, just nothing great. Beans and rice, again good, just nothing to fall in love with.  
The service wasn't anything outstanding, but very efficient.  
Would I try it again? Sure.  But, I feel that there could be better out there.笑
Authentic mexican food. 
Almost as good as my kitchen. ;)笑
Last Saturday night was my first and last time that I will eat in this location, I went there in the evening 8pm, the cashier was so RUDE, I order food to GO and food to eat there, the cashier was rude when she was taking my order, I had order a menudo to go as well as 2 tacos, and 2 tacos to eat there, she took forever to give me the 2 tacos to eat there, as I went to ask about my 2 tacos to eat there, she was giving me the 2 tacos along with the menudo (I was hungry but not the hungry to eat all the food at once f*) I told her that I only wanted the 2 tacos to eat there n the menudo was to go, she roll her eyes I knew she got bother, but I had made it clear when I order the food... she also got bother when I ask for the tacos to be wrap on foil, she made it clear that tacos came in a box, but I did ask nicely to wrap them... the menudo was not good at all, it was not fresh it tasted like it's been there for days....menudo should be made daily!!!!!笑
The BEST Roberto's in town!! We always bounce between our favorite of Roberto's menu items: Carne Asada Burrito, their Bacon Breakfast burrito, Carne Asada Fries (or Carne Asada Nachos) or their 3 rolled tacos, (which come LOADED with guacamole, cheese and sour cream) My husband and I always split a burrito between the 2 of us because their portion sizes are HUGE!

We had to get Roberto's once from another location once because we weren't near this one, and the carne asada burrito we ordered was about HALF the size of the ones they make at this location, so we vowed to always do business with this one! 

The cooks are always friendly and liberal. I'm starting to think that they know we are repeat customers.... We seriously have Roberto's about twice a week. And you should too! 

The staff is friendly, the location is clean and spacious, and the salsa bar is always freshly supplied and clean.

We've never had an issue with waiting too long, but then again we usually have (nay, CRAVE) Roberto's either early in the morning or late in the evening. And the fact that they are 24 hours is ALWAYS a plus. Whether you call your order in or place it when you're there, the wait is never more than about 10 minutes. 

Definitely a favorite food place of ours! 5 STARS!笑
Good food for a decent price. I usually get the carne asada torta because in my opinion, it's one of the best Mexican sandwiches in town. The guacamole spread they put onto the sandwich brings a little heat, and makes the sandwich taste better.  This Roberto's location is nice and modern. Furthermore, this Roberto's location has a friendly staff and the restaurant is clean.笑
Disgusting!!! I feel like throwing up. I am NEVER eating at any Roberto's Taco Shop again. My husband ordered me a carne asada nacho about half an hour ago (to-go)....ate it and on the bottom I found a fried "tie knot closure" that belongs on a plastic packing bag. Are you kidding me? I will be contacting the Clark County Health District. How unsanitary is that place or their workers? If I could I would leave no stars.  It doesn't matter if you're busy and it's chicken taco Wednesday. This should never be in anyone's food. Date: 1/6/2016 @ 9:44 pm.笑
Not all tacos are created the same...and for this visit, I was all about the carne asada nachos. Definitely a treat笑
The food was fabulous.  Please don't mistake this as a 5 star restaurant because it is not.  It is however, a wonderful restaurant with plenty of options.  The food is made fresh.  Looking forward to many trips back!笑
Roberto's does not disappoint with their food, but their dining room is always dirty. The tables do not seem to be wiped and the floor is always dirty when I come in here. 

Now that I think about it, what goes on in the kitchen?! I tried to look for their rating but I didn't see it!!! Man, I don't know if I'll ever be back here.笑
Best little taco shop, by the house!! fast ,good and cheap!!! and the hot sauce ripz!!!笑
Food always arrives fast, tables are clean. The only complaint and this may sound silly, but their napkins are so light that when you pick up the food tray and walk to your table, the napkins start flying all over the place. This has happened to me every time.笑
Very Good!  Big Servings!  Low Price!  I don't even like Mexican food but I have to give this place 5 stars.  Love the spicy carrots on the fixins bar.笑
The food here is excellent but the 50 cent transaction fee for credit card is ridiculous.笑
By far the best Roberto's in town! Why you ask, because they actually stock limes in there salad bar! Most Roberto's in town only have lemons, there is nothing better then tacos with lime! Also if you really love lime like I do don't forget to put a squeeze in your Dr. Pepper makes it amazing.笑
Ah, carne asada tacos... food of the Gods! Even Jennifer Lopez thinks so as she references TACOS in her song "Tacos y Burritos." The lyrics go something like THIS: "Burrito. Taco taco. Burrito. Taco. Taco taco. Don't think just because I got a lot of money, I'll give you taco-flavored kisses, honey. Fulfill all your wishes with my taco-flavored kisses.Taco taco. Burrito burrito." 

And taco flavored kisses you shall have in combination with an intense bout of watery diarrhea after you eat at Roberto's. No need to go camping for an episode of Giardia induced diarrhea... or are you a fan of vibrio cholera? Mmmm...rice water stool... kinda looks like the horchata in Roberto's most likely cockroach infested drink mixer. 

You know there's a medical school just down the block from here. I'm sure the med students would love to practice on you if you can't make it to the closest urgent care center! This place tastes okay if you're into lard flavored lard with a side of atherosclerosis. Definitely NOT weight watchers friendly. On second thought, maybe the colon cleanse might help me fit into the plus sized black dress that I recently got from Adele's Thrift Shop.笑
If you go with the basics, the food here is good enough. If you are seeking an above average dining experience you've stepped foot in the wrong place.
I've finally figured out that you do not use the salsa bar unless you want a stummy ache. I don't know what could happen to a 24 hour salsa bar, but I bet it isn't a pretty sight.
Did someone sneeze into it? did a child swirl the sauce with dirty hands? maybe dropped the handle part of the tongs into it? 
I just want to say, I order the basic popular items and they are good enough for your basic Mexican food cravings. Bean and Cheese burritos with rice is good and so are the rolled tacos (taquitos), but use your own salsa or hot sauce from home cause I blame the salsa bar on tummy aches or ........笑
Always a great late night spot !  I tend to come here late night after a fun time drinking!  The breakfast burritos are super good and very filling! My fav though has to be the super carne asada nachos!  I have never seen a place pack on the toppings like they do! I have never been let down!笑
DO NOT go to this Roberto's location.  I've been to other Roberto's in Vegas/Henderson as well as the San Diego locations without any problem... but I know at least 2 people who have gotten food poisoning from this one! Stay away.笑
Gawd damn.  Love.

Used to hate Robertos.  Every time Ive been there years prior my friends would be like 'omg these chicken tacos.' Lemme tell you something.  The chicken tacos are shit.  If you want to pay 1.29 or 0.99 on Wednesdays for some boiled unseasoned meat inside an obviously fried because its expiring tortilla then you, not my friend, have the taste buds of a  Frogger that finds car bumpers tasty.  Chicken tacos here are nasty.

My wicked hangover, thanks to a gal working at Cheetahs named Cindy that was really a working gal but wasnt but was,  led me here one early Sunday morning.  

F no I didnt order no chicken taco bs.

I ordered a chicken enchilada combo which came with 1 nastifuk chicken taco and an adoboda taco.  Or was it adobaba.  Or was it abodaba?  I dont know I said said gimme an abracadabra taco or whatever you call it.  The abracadabra taco is carnitas but seasoned so much better so I feel sorry for you dumbnutz that dont order it.

It was bomb.  Took one bite of that shitty chicken taco and wanted to use it as toilet paper or to repair scaffolding.  Scarfed down that enchilada and glorious abracadabra taco quicker  than an asian nerd plays pokemongo or whatever it is called that gets you ganked.  

Do you want to walk around collecting imaginary stuffed animals or do you want delicious tacos?  What do I know everyone is retarded these days.  I call  it Minecraft Syndrome and dont get me started on that.

Order the aboboda or whatever it is called.  Great deal and yumz.笑
Mediocre Mexican food joint that is open 24-7. Satisfies any taco/burrito/etc craving you have at any time of the day. There is a salsa bar with pickled veggies that is self serve, which is nice. It's also a chain that is all across the city. 

I have tried the carne asada burrito, California burrito, chicken chimichanga, and Machaca (shredded beef and eggs).  I wasn't blown away by any of it, but it was still tasty for being fast food.  I think my favorite out off all of them was the carne asada burrito. The restaurant itself is kept pretty clean.笑
Overall not bad. You get A LOT of food for your money here, and that is always a perk. I had a chimichanga and it was pretty good. Wish it was filled with more stuff (the majority of it was the fried outside), but it still tasted good. Friendly staff. The salsas were probably my biggest critique. I thought they were all very very bland (flavorless) and not very spicy. It would have been nice if they had pico available too.笑
Burn this god forsaken Robertos to the ground, I will never eat here again because as I am writing this review I'm in the bathroom right now dying. These guys gave me a virus and now I can't even move. Disgusting to even think how I got the virus but definitely positive it is from the food. It was the last thing I ate and the only thing I ate in the past 14 hours, have not been able to leave the bathroom for about 3 now.笑
Excellent place for quick Mexican food.  The place really gets busy during lunch.  However, the wait isn't long.  The kitchen works fast without sacrificing quality. The sitting area is large and there is plenty of room between tables.  Restrooms have been sparkling clean both times I've used them.笑
I miss the Tommy Pastrami's that was in this location, but my Carne Asada Fries are biking distance now. So, not much of a loss. 
I notice very little deviance from the other Roberto's locations, which means this is "the" taco shop with a duplicate-able sense of business.
 
This particular location does offer green onions in the salsa bar, which is a plus, but while self-serve salsa bars seems to be a trend in Mexican cuisine, I would not trust the area with these gringos. Remember, these are the same guys that taught terrorists to fly but not land, and why Las Vegas businesses have such a false sense of security. So, if they can't police their own safety, what makes you think they can handle a salsa bar. I've posted similar concerns with U-Swirl and Yogurtland. Self serve areas in food service is a foolish idea, especially in a fast food atmosphere.

Nonetheless, I come here for machaca, chorizo, and breakfast burritos. This is also my place for quesadillas and horchata; perfect amount of cinnamon. I do wish they had tacos de cabeza. The only location I remember seeing this was at Maryland near UNLV. 

I dine out a lot over the past 30+ years, and I only got sick at Jack-in-the-box (twice) and Burger King once. So, this place is the cleanest of its kind, and the service is also really fast. 

I think I'll go there now.

_______________________________________-____-_____
Well, I just came back from there, and I was slightly peeved. 
The salsa bar was amazingly messier than any time I've ever seen it, and it was only 9:30 in the morning. 
I ordered my regular carne asada fries but I wasn't in the mood to eat a whole order, and since they only have one size, I asked them to put it into 2 separate smaller containers instead. She said they could not do that for me. But she was able to give me 2 empty small containers along with my regular order.  The adjustment is very small and would take only 10 seconds to split the ingredients into 2 smaller containers. That kind of inflexibility shows me some inexperience with the cooks.
The service was still fast, but what was once a 4 star place has dropped one whole star because they could not accommodate such a minor request.
I went home and took a spatula and split it myself. It took 5 seconds, but the ingredients did not adhere like the original prepared presentation. If they did it I would be happy. But like most businesses in the US, it's not their job to make me happy- nor is it my job to tip them.笑
It's true.  I'm a lover of Taco Bell.  I can't tell you how amazing their burritos are.  It was like crack in a wrap.  Be careful though, the meat is so fresh and moist that it'll drip out of the packaging, soaking into your clothes, and making you smell of sweet, sweet pork.  Man, I can't wait to get back to Las Vegas, so I can feast on these bad boys again.笑
I visited this location a couple of years ago for lunch and thought it was decent, but promptly forgot about it. Today I finally returned to give it another try. It's not the Mexican food you'd find somewhere like Texas, but for this area it is pretty decent. 

The entrée portions are huge and the food is A-OK. I like the salsa bar to personalize your food. Today my husband and I had breakfast burritos. They were the largest burritos ever which I wasn't expecting for around $5 a burrito. The burrito was pretty good. It's definitely the best breakfast burrito option near my house. Our order came up quickly as well.笑
Wow! The carne Asada taco taste like cheap steak. I will never come back here for sure.笑
Pretty good for a chain taco place.  Go for the Wed $1 taco special . . .you can't beat the tacos for a buck.  If you happen to find yourself there on a day other than Wed, you can't go wrong with the Carne Asada burrito.笑
I'm a huge Robertos fan!  Food is great!  The only downfall...I'm from San Diego and nothing tastes better than the Robertos in Chula Vista!!!!笑
All the reviews for this place (positive ones, at least) involve copious amounts of alcohol.  If I have to be intoxicated to enjoy a food, it just must not be very good.  Sorry, but Roberto's beef tastes like horse meat when you're sober.  It's all gray and hard... kinda reminds me of that scene from the movie Animal House when they scared that horse to death and had to chop it up to fit it through the door.  Now I know where the poor creature ended up!  The place was also really filthy.笑
I have ate Robertos, I don't know how many times. But this, this was the BEST! The carne asada fries were delicious.笑
The food was well prepared, and in good timing. But the staff could be friendlier. When asked for special request (add cheese  etc.) they were almost irritated. They didn't greet/acknowledge or say thank you when we tipped them. One other time my friend ordered Carne Asada nachos, and they gave her fries so she politely took it up to the counter and let them know she had ordered nachos and they rolled their eyes and grabbed it from her and said nothing. I understand there are difficult customers, and that gets irritating, but when the customer is nicer than the staff it's a problem. Would still eat here and will continue to be kind to them even when I don't get it back.笑
Come here quite often. Place is usually pretty clean and the staff is usually ok. I've never had a problem eating here. I usually get the rolled tacos and I love them! I grew up on this stuff in Cali and this location is no different. Can't go wrong!笑
Love their prices, and the chicken tostada is amazing. They will separate rate all of the ingredients for to go orders upon request. Pretty awesome when ordering nachos to not get home with soggy nachos.笑
This place is awful!! I used to eat there every once in a while and they almost never got my order right so I stopped going... My roommate was going there so I thought I would give them another chance so he just brought us back food... I got the two beef taco meal...yeah my order was right!!  Ate the beans... Great everything was fine... Take a bite out of my taco and found a piece of wood in it!!!!!!!!! This place is horrible and I am done eating there!!! Eat at your own risk!!!笑
This is my favorite Roberto's. The carne asada and chicken burritos come filled with meat! Wednesdays offer 99¢ chicken tacos and sometimes they'll throw in an extra taco! The lady behind the counter is very friendly and always greets you! I have no complaints.笑
I've been here many times after drinking heavily. Beer mixes well with there food lol. My fav is the chimichangas. The carne asada nachos are loaded with meat!笑
OK. We went into this Roberto's and purchased 2 carne asada fries 2 chicken enchilada plate, I ordered 12 rolled taquitos.  Of course I'm a mother and full-time employee that works down in Las Vegas.  Since I had an early meeting in the morning I figured I would pick dinner. So of course I get my order the girl Ruth, she was sweet. Took my order. Very friendly. When I got home I didn't even bother to check my order.  The fries we're cold, the meat you can see was cold. The rolled tacos we're hard, they only put guacamole  on the top not through the order.  So I called the manger Ruth she said o I don't know what happened blah blah.  So I asked for the corporate office a Rey answered claiming he is the owner. He said he had to talk to his manger to see what she is willing to do for me. Are you kidding me. You are the owner buddy. Get it together. Then he wanted me to go get in my car and go back are you serious.  I don't have time for that. Is this how we really treat people? I spent 40.00 in this place. I could of gone to Lindo Michoacan for amount of money. Very disappointed guys. Will not be going back.笑
You go here for anything Carne Asada. Their Guac has chile verde in it to give it a nice kick as well. Taquitos aren't bad either.笑
This was a very average place.  Not good,  not bad just average.  It was clean,  it has a salsa bar, the cashier was pleasant,  parking was easy,  bathrooms were clean.  The food was fine,  hot and as shown on the menu.  The Styrofoam plates are less than desired but whatever.  I have no plans to go back but wouldn't refuse to eat there either.笑
When I lived in Phoenix and worked the graveyard shift, my only choices for food in the middle of the night were Whataburger and Roberto's.  Now, all these years later, I have a Roberto's close to my house at the Gibson location.  Gourmet food this is not - but for a quick lunch that will fill you up or after a night of cocktails, it's the perfect choice.  The prices are reasonable and oddly enough, I always order the same thing and never deviate.  The food just tastes so good, though sometimes I question the quality of the meat.  There is plenty of seating available, but I usually order take out and eat at home.  This establishment is always clean, including the restrooms, and the staff have always been friendly.  It's a great alternative to the traditional fast food outlets.笑
We are regulars at this Robertos's mainly because of the best huevos rancheros ANYWHERE! Today I ordered and was told that the owner no longer wants them to sell it! What?!? He got them to make it anyway, but continued to insist the owner doesn't want it on the menu. I'm so disappointed! If it's true, we will not be back.笑
It is what it is.  I've never had a bad meal from Roberto's, although I am usually intoxicated while eating their food, so I wouldn't really know (or care) the difference!  There are much better places to get Mexican food....That being said, I love that they are 24 hours.  Sober or not, it is always nice to have an option other than Jack in the Box at 4am.  :)

Everything I've had has been fresh and freshly prepared.  There is just nothing overly spectacular about this place.  I would rather support a local, family owned mexican restaurant, rather than a large chain.笑
I grew up 15 min from the TJ border and this franchise is based in Chula Vista... Where I lived . Fast, hot, and authentic Mexican fast food ... Finally a California Burrito and a Machaca Burrito in Las Vegas that doesn't suck. Keep I mind it's fast food.... Not fine dining. This store is much cleaner than others I've been to in to in town笑
I used to like this place except now the service with an awful sour attitude! Food is ok as compared to other nearby Mexican restaurants. I suggest going somewhere else! I highly do not recommend this place until they change service attitude!笑
Finally, a Roberto's Taco Shop near the crib. I can finally get my Carne Asada Nachos fix anytime I want. No more, "Man, it's too far to drive" or "But Jack in the Box got the dopest Raspberry Iced Tea" or "I'm in the middle of watching this dope scene on BangBros" excuses anymore. Well maybe if I am watching a dope scene with Amy Reid. That chick is slammin. But you know what I don't like about the scenes nowadays? When they look in the camera when they not supposed to. Kinda of turn off. You know us asians, we love them white girls. But you know what else asians love? A Carne Asada Burrito with no guacamole and extra cheese.笑
I love their food and drinks but, they always get my order wrong. My taco shells will be busted and my fish is normally burnt. When I called to complain after experiencing this three times they weren't friendly. I now take my business to the store on lake mead.笑
Disgusting. Nothing had any flavor, the carne asada meat might as well have been boiled, it was chewy and gross, the tortillas are huge and tough, and NOTHING had any flavor. Tossed 75% of it on the trash 30 seconds ago and my stomach is already upset from the few bites I did eat. If this is the best Mexican food in Henderson, don't go to Henderson for Mexican food. This was atrocious. Never going back.笑
I can only imagine this goodness gets better when drunk, but for my hungover boyfriend and I, it cured all wounds.

We ordered a smorgasbord--more food than either of us should consume on a single day, probably. I with the cheese enchilada plate, and he with the carne asada wet burrito, and the both of us with carne asada street tacos and chips and cheese with guac. The guacamole was probably the least good part of the meal--the dreaded watery avocado paste--but the rest of the meal was delish.

I had never been to any Roberto's--funny living in Vegas for a while and having lived in Southern California as well, but I enjoyed myself. It's interesting how accustomed I get to places like Chipotle and Cafe Rio and then once I get to a place like this, it's at once awesome and disappointing. I want queso! I want chunky avocados! But then I'm like, wait, this is better, actually, and probably with less terrifying ingredients. 

Open 24 hours for all those drunken late night cravings!笑
This is the absolute best Roberto's I've ever been to in Vegas. The workers are polite, bathrooms and seating areas, and condiment section is always clean. Everything is always SO bomb. The cooks know exactly what they're doing.笑
I was very excited to find out Roberto's expanded YET AGAIN to this are of Henderson since my sister lives very close to this location. I'm pretty sure they just opened up a couple days ago. 

In case you didn't know, Roberto's is my go-to post-debauchery food after a night of drinking and other shenanigans that happened, if I'm near one. Hell, I even think its amazing when sober. I usually go for their carne asada fries or a California burrito, but most of the time, like during my visit here, I went with the fries. It's a shade under 8 bucks, and so it seems slightly more expensive than the other locations I've been to. Either way I still think its worth it. Something about how they season the carne asada that keeps my fork busy. Pour on some of that chile verde sauce and its a done deal. Every bite is practically like going to heaven... twice. I wasn't even drunk or buzzed when I ate this mind you. 

Since its a brand new location, I appreciate the cleanliness of it all. For a franchise with over 40 locations in the Las Vegas area alone, it sure knows what its doing when it comes to making amazing Mexican food.  If I ever crave it at say 5 in the morning, best believe I'd come here, since like pretty much all other locations, its 24 hours. That's right. 24 hours. Roberto's FTW.笑
It's a better option than Taco Bell, but what isn't?  I think this place is a little over-hyped.  It's not that expensive which is good, but the food is extremely greasy and sub-par.  If I am really hungry, it is tough to go the place because I'll usually end up with a stomach-ache - and I consider myself someone who has a pretty strong stomach.  Also they don't have a "only chips" option on their menu.  Not a huge deal, but the only option on the menu is "chips and cheese."  The cheese isn't even melted, so it's like a lazy version of nachos.  I'd give this place a 3, but I feel I have to balance the force of the review system.笑
I was here on Wednesday while waiting on my Samsung Galaxy phone being repaired at Wireless Doctor next door. Wednesday is 99 cent chicken taco day.
 I was very happy after eating 3 tacos and it only cost me 3 dollars and some change.笑
The only thing I like about it is that it is 24 hrs., however, I haven't gone back after my first attempt at a breakfast burrito.  if you're fine with the same, bland burritos, keep coming back.笑
From what i remember Roberto's being this place was not doing what it needs to be.  First off the service and everything else was good.  No complaints there. The sauce bar was a mess, cups everywhere and ladles in the sauce no thongs for the carrots or cucumbers.  Just a bad start right off the bat.  The food came out quick and was hot.  Another plus for fast food.  Then when i was really about to enjoy that first bite of my Carne asada burrito it hit me.  WAY TO SALTY. This was the same for my whole group.  The carnitas, carne asada fries, and the quesadilla.   I couldn't even finish. Sadly to say i was really looking forward to this location since it was right near the house and i will drive to Don Tortaco from now on.笑
We were excited to go here since some friends had recommended it. It wasn't nearly as good as they were saying. We got a bean and cheese burrito and the breakfast burrito. Both were really bland and the breakfast burrito was $9...seemed over priced. Probably won't be returning here. The food wasn't bad but it was unimpressive overall. If you're looking for good Mexican, taco y taco is WAY better.笑
I've eaten at this location about 3 dozen times and I am always surprised that at the salsa bar its never clean. I've always got radishes or peppers in the hot sauce Baja Fresh keeps theirs clean I don't know if this is just this location or a nationwide problem but it's pretty annoying to know somebody else's slop is mixed into the hot sauce. Show a little pride in your work. The food itself is good笑
Tacos are good size and tasty. Of course al pastor was the best. 
We tried shrimp burrito, bad idea. 
Just tomato sauce with white rice and 4pc of shrimp. Not tasty at all. Lack of creativity. 
The men's restroom was bad. All tagged, nasty and no paper towel. 
The pickled veggies were dry and obviously old. 
Probably no for next time笑
Prices are still up there, but the Jamaica tastes like it was made during the day now. I haven't seen toothless Jose around, but the cook behind the stove is just as good, sans toothpick. I like the chillaxed atmosphere in there, and it's relatively quick service.笑
Great hangover Food or when you're done partying for the night. Roberto's is the only place I go to for Mexican fast food. 
I like this one wayyy better than the one on Boulder Hwy.笑
We are new to Henderson..moved here a couple of months ago..and i was craving some good mexican food..and this place is disgusting..there refried beans are horrible.they look fake..processed..out of the can..really bad..and i tried there cheese enchiladas ..and i was so disgusted..i will not be a returning customer笑
This place is terrible. I tried some horrible cardboard chicken tacos here over two years ago (and haven't been back since) and thought I learned my lesson. Came in here late night, figured I'd try a lengua burrito at the listed menu price of $5.65. Tack on a small cheese quesadilla and a drink + use of a credit card and I get hit with $15.53. Are you kidding me? I asked what the "misc" charge of $3.70 was and I was told "oh, it's for the lengua" even though it says right on their menu that it is $5.65. Instead of arguing and risking getting my food spit in, I just paid the bill.

The food was bland, the price was unreasonable and unexplainable (I don't mind paying a premium if it's stated in the menu) the salsa bar was a disgusting mess.  I hope this place goes out of business.笑
I LOVE LOVE LOVE ROBERTOS!!! lol! I can eat mexican food all day, everyday and especially appreciate that they are open 24/7!!! Their food is authentic mexican food! So delicious and large portions! My eyes are always bigger than my belly and everything looks so good on their menu I often order more than I can handle and end up with leftovers, which is fine by me  I've been a customer ever since I moved to henderson 3 years ago now and have always had great customer service with robertos and the food is always the best!笑
Went there only to be told that anything I ordered would be microwaved. They had just cleaned the grill and didnt want to get it dirty. They are a 24 hour business so exactly how long would they want to keep the grill clean? Will not visit this location again.笑
Out of all the Roberto's in the Las Vegas area, this by far is the best. 
- Cleanest 
- Freshest 
- Nicest
- Most spacious 
- Even during peak times, 6-8pm, still not that bad of a wait 
- Usually order on the phone. Food ready in 10min. Great service. 
- Salsa bar packed. If not, friendly enough to restock
- Even on Chicken taco Wednesdays, not sloppy. 
- I wouldn't go out of my way to just to visit this particular location when you have one right next to where you live, but I feel this place deserves merits.笑
My typical Robertos is off of Fort Apache and Tropicana, by where I used to work.  However, now I don't work there so I needed to find a Robertos by my house.  This is my first one and it is really not as good as my old Robertos.  I ordered the cheese enchilladas.  The beans were very dry and tasted powdery.  I had never eaten beans in all my years until I went to Roberts on Fort Apache,  The also were very stingy on the cheese topping, the guys at Ft. Apache load the beans with cheese. The rice at Gibson was actually good, but the enchillada was lacking in sauciness (not sure if thats a word). I will have to continue looking for a Roberto's like up on Ft. Apache.笑
Amazing and well priced Mexican food. Carne Asade fries are a must if you're ever unsure of what to order or you've never been before.笑
Who can beat fresh authentic chicken tacos for a buck?  The answer is no one!  This place is awesome for any mexican food but if you stop by on wednesdays, you have to get them.  I also love the horchata if you enjoy that sort of thing笑
its 2am. i order over the phone. 2 tacos carne asada and 1 carne asada fries. chick at the register tried to charge me $21 for 4 tacos and carne asada fries. my food had only 2 tacos.

FU. trying to take advantage of drunks.笑
Used to be good but service is bad mess up orders and food isn't tjat good at all get a stomach ache , Quit going!!!笑
So this was one of our (Me & Hubby) favorite places to eat, until... One early morning we came to get some breakfast burritos that we thought would be delicious but were sadly mistaken. Instead we found long strands of hair throughout the burritos! How gross and we knew it was the cooks cuz he had a long ponytail WITHOUT a hairnet and our hair isn't the same type or length. Most of the Roberto's out here aren't the cleanest but you could still expect the food to be good. However this incident and bad customer service every time we went to a Roberto's has just turned us off completely.笑
After a meh experience at Fausto's, I decided to give Roberto's a chance. 

The burrito itself was definitely larger than Fausto's and the carne asada tasted much better.
The salsa bar here was also missing pico de gallo... I guess they dont serve pico in NV taco shops?

I am also happy that this location is down the street from my school. I am pretty sure my wallet and waist line will hate me for finding this place.笑
I love me some Mexican food! This place is clean and pretty fast. I honestly can appreciate when it takes more than two seconds for my food to be prepared because then you hope that its actually being cooked after you ordered VS microwaved. I got a bangin' torta. Doesn't compare to my favorite spot in Chicago, but def delish.笑
The food here is pretty good and they are open 24 hours. The carne asada and adobada tacos or burritos are my favorites. I think the chicken taco is just ok.笑
We came to Vegas and we were hungry. Craving for Mexican and we looked for near by Mexican food. And we decided to try Roberto's taco shop since it had most good reviews. Well we weren't disappointed we all ordered something different. Carne Alsada chips, carne alsada fries, and carne alsada burrito. They were very good, it had flavor and it was juicy. Not disappointed.笑
Excellent, so many loocations to choose from in Cali and Las Vegas area. Order it to-go and you will get a larger serving.