Will not be returning to this restaurant. This restaurant owner never seems to have enough food portions for the day. 

Recently, we ordered for delivery and selected to have lemon grass soup for take out. 

Of course, we receive a phonecall offers a couple of iced teas and two measly chakra balls. This is not a way to ensure customer satisfaction as it is clear to me he did not provide enough of an apology nor enough food to replace the cost of what we've spent. Seriously, he could have put in four Chakra balls. 

We had also been to the previous restaurant named something along the lines of, "Fork my life". Everytime, we would go in - I would just ask him what we had, because every time we went there, there was always some dish that had "run out" for the day. 


The food is decent, but I am just so fed up of this owner's constant disorganization.Ǿ
Great service, good portion size, delicious food. 

Happy to have a healthy option that I can keep returning to!

The bowl with jasmine rice, chicken satay, red curry, sweet chilli, with all the veggie adders is delicious.Ǿ
I think this place should get 3.5.  It is basically a WAY better tasting version of Freshii.  You choose your protein, veggies, base sauce (mostly curry and it's great that they use coconut milk) and additional toppings and seasoning.  It is similar to Basil Box except the portion size here is bigger.  One bowl cost $9.99 + tax.  

They have chicken, beef and beluga lentils as their protein.  I wish they had tempeh or tofu though, but honestly, the lentils went great with their curry.  

Verdict: If you are looking for a healthy, hearty meal in Port Credit, this place is great and also environmentally friendly as most of their products are non-GMO.Ǿ
Came here on a Wednesday night for dinner with a friend. I really enjoyed building my own buddha bowl and I felt really great after eating. My friend also enjoyed her buddha bowl! We got their buddha teas to drink and those were also so good that I debated getting another to take home for the next day. 
The staff member at the counter was super nice and really helpful when I was building my bowl. 
Really cute place to sit, eat, and chat for a little while.Ǿ
Ate here for the first time today, honestly one of the best dishes I've eaten. I will definitely be returning, I am hooked!Ǿ
Dang, this place was healthy and delicious AF! I was getting pretty tired of eating chicken and brown rice with veggies PLAIN at home and I was meeting up with an old pal for lunch and we were both feeling that healthy vibe so we chose Buddha Bowls as out meet up spot.

It's a small place (maybe 8-10 seats) and to my knowledge, there isn't parking readily available to street parking is the answer. It's great for lunch takeaway for people on the go for sure, and I believe I overheard that they are partnered with local food delivery services as well. Definitely order in from here!

As the staff explained, this place is basically like Subway, without the bread (and bad cheese). You start by choosing a base (brown or white rice or cold noodles) then a protein, followed by veggies, a curry sauce (mild, medium and hot) and then some tasty garnishes.

Today I went with brown rice and chicken (I know, I know this was exactly what I wanted to avoid but it sounded so much better how THEY made it), topped with lentils, kale, green curry (the spiciest one), peanuts, cilantro, zucchini and green beans. Dynamite!!! 

It was very filling, but not in the "I'm so full and sleepy now" kinda way, more like, "my body feels full of goodness and it's using all these fresh ingredients to fuel my body" way. Long description but you get it, don't you? I felt great - still do in fact 2 hours later.

I appreciated all the rice, I would have loved less rice and more meat but I understand that to maintain their reasonable pricing (about $10/person), they do have to monitor portions.

That aside I'm a big big fan and I will return, hungry

Eatcrest OutǾ
A gluten free and grain free option without customization to my meals is what I was looking for and Buddha Bowls had an option with a cabbage and greens base. Curry sauce was good but sweet. Service was interesting- young cashiers. That isn't necessarily a bad thing, they weren't impolite, but a little inexperienced. All in all, a quick dive for gluten free food.Ǿ
Simply amazing the variety of tasty healthy foods is amazing they deserve way more than they are getting. I am planning to come here multiple times definitely check it out.Ǿ
Just had lunch at Buddah Bowls.  Very good!  The selection of fresh, healthy food is great.  Our meals were flavourful, the service is quick and the price is right.  Will be returning there for sure.