I wish I could give this place zero stars!!! My husband and I just ordered and when I pulled out my pizza I noticed a long strand of hair in the cheese... We called back and spoke to jade who is reportedly the general manager(horrible!!) she refused to give us her last name so we could make a formal complaint! Will never go hereǾ
This is the worst Pizza Hut location ever!! When I called to place my order, the girl said her name was Jade. She had issues taking down my address, so I spelled it out for her. Then, with an attitude, she told me to spell it slower, so I did. I ordered a double order of cheese sticks with extra cheese. I specifically requested for it to be delivered hot because the last time I ordered, it was like warm. I literally had to reheat it in the microwave. 

So, the delivery guy calls and advises that there's no apartment number listed, which is strange sine I literally spelled it all out for "Jade" twice. Once delivered, not only was the food Luke warm again, but there was clearly only one layer of cheese on it. I gave the guy a tip anyway because it was raining, and it wasn't his fault that she screwed it up. I noticed that the receipt had a different name, "Entered By: Cynthia". I called back and "Jade" answered again. I politely recounted all of the above, and just as rude as she was before, she said, "It sounds like you just don't like our food, so I suggest you try another restaurant!" 

I was appalled! I said, excuse me? Is that how you speak to your customers?! She said yes! I said may I speak with a manager please? She said I am the General Manager. So, I advised that I would contact the owner and corporate offices. I'm in utter disbelief! I had to reheat this freaking $20 "freshly delivered" food, and you have the nerve to tell me to try a different restaurant?! How dare you!Ǿ
I placed an online to go order of wings since they were 80 cents on wednesdays. I got the hot buffalo wings bone in. It said on the order that it will take approx 15 minutes for my to go order. No biggie. I was there right at about 15 minutes. Jessi (manager) helped me checkout and she was very friendly and sweet. She said my wings were just going to be a few minutes because they were still cooking and since I had to wait she offered me a drink. I couldn't believe she did that! By the time I got my drink, she had my to go order ready. Great service!Ǿ
Worst pizza hut ever. Ordered pizza for delivery over 2 hours ago and called THREE times and still NO PIZZA.  worst place ever.  Do not waste time ordering from here.Ǿ
Used online ordering system.  Had to wait 1:15 minutes  for delivery and then it was cold.  Called restaurant and they were not concerned about their service.  Will not buy from them again.Ǿ
Typical Pizza Hut pizza - hot and filling.  Delivery was quick, on time and the delivery person was very curteous.  No complaints.Ǿ
Nothing wrong with this hut since the menus were expanded. Love the individual pies that you can build yourself. Staff very nice. Cost inexpensive too.