Went to this sonic for the first time. I pulled up and pushed the little red button to order.... No one answered. It took about 5 mins for them to take my order which is understandable because I wasn't the only one who pulled up. So I ordered a footlong Chili cheese dog with tots and a 44oz cherry coke (my favorite). 

The food came out pretty fast. 

There were two girls that brought me my food. I assume the one that actually gave me my food was the trainee. She was nice and friendly. 

So I get back to my hotel room, it's like 30 seconds away from sonic. And I took a bite of the hot dog. It seemed like it was not fresh. But the cherry coke made up for it. So I gave it 3 stars.Ǿ
This place doesn't even deserve the one star I'm giving them. We waited for 37 minutes and ended up leaving with no food. The service is a joke, and the attitudes of the employees working is horrible. When we asked for a manager, an individual named Sammy came out. His attitude was just as bad, and only seemed to change his tune when asked for phone numbers of his supervisors. After driving 5 hours and having to deal with them we ended up eating at McDonald's. These employees made Californians look like SAINTS. I visit Phoenix quite frequently, and can honestly say, I will NEVER return to this establishment ever again.Ǿ
Sonic has great food and tons of drink and dessert options. This location is a little underwhelming in its presentation however. It does not have many pull up stalls anymore after they removed half of them, some of the order stations don't work and it could be cleaner. The staff is great and the food is good, so if your just wanting good sonic food and don't care about the other stuff, this location will do just fine.Ǿ
My girlfriend and I went here just before closing. Several homeless people setting up shop here. 

Food: Ordered a couple hot dogs and a basket of tots.

10 minutes after ordering: Grills broken, no hotdogs. 

We got the tots and sodas free of charge.

3 stars for the service. -1 for the homeless.

Tots were still good though.Ǿ
Went here for a quick burger tonight. Ordered a bacon cheeseburger and tater tots. Got a regular cheeseburger and French fries. Whoever was manning the order taking needs to learn to listen to what the customer wants, not whatever they already have made u. The hamburger and bun were cold. Had to send the fries back and get the tater tots. The only thing he got correct was my drink! Felt sorry for the carhop. He had to make several trips thru no fault of his!!!Ǿ
In my opinion, I really like this place. The happy hour slushes are the best. There's so many to choose from and the prices are 50% off the original pricing. I think that's just unbeatable. I love the amount of variety there is. I mean, honestly, there's so many flavors to choose from. My favorites would have to be the blue raspberry slush with nerds in them and the Polynesian punch. They're super good. I also loved how kind the guy who served us was. His name was Leo! Cool guy and he came out with our drinks really quickly. I went to a Sonic in Tolleson and the girl took like 30 minutes just to come out with two small slushes.. Like what??? Lol. I definitely favor this one more! Mmm sonic! So good!Ǿ
Took my grand kids for first time at this location. Where I come from they skate, not here. Order took a long time, beef way undercooked, fries blah, chick strips not good. No one liked anything...server looked stoned.Ǿ
I came here this morning with my wife and I ordered the Toasted bacon sand which. It looked more like to warm pieces of bread that were very soggy and cheese. Where was the bacon? 
Seriously, you had one job. i was so upset i literally threw it out the window at a some pigeons that i seen. i would have went back but i could not be late to work. Def will not be returning.Ǿ
Every time we come here they take as long as possible to bring your order out. If you're in a hurry, don't go here.Ǿ
I love some grilled cheese but when you order one you expect the bread to be toasted. WTF PPL It's a GRILLED cheese!Ǿ
Just had the most disgusting meal in recent memory.  Ate about 1/4 and threw the rest away.  Ordered chili cheese dogs...got home to find I was given cheese, onions and bacon on shriveled up buns that were hard and chewy.  The fries taste like they were cooked yesterday and reheated today.  Do yourself a favor and drive right past this place!Ǿ
Nope.

Stopped in for a quick bit to eat and left royally pissed.  My daughter and I were ordering some cheese sticks and fries, along with slushies.  First, we're told no slushies.  This is Sonic right?  I mean, it's kind of what you're known for but okay.  So we swapped the slushies for a coke and a milkshake instead.  Order delivered and they did not put the lid on the cup on correctly, so milkshake went all over me, my daughter, and the car.  I look in the bag for napkins, nothing.  They didn't even put napkins in the bag.  So I get out of the car and go up to the door.  I told the girls what happened and she comes back with 2 napkins.  I'm like, dear, I'm going to need 10 times that amount.  I have a milkshake all over my car.  NO ONE offered an apology or offered to help.  She gave me the napkins, they all kind of starred at me and at each other like I was disturbing them, and as I walked away I shouted "THANKS FOR THE SORRY".  I was irritated.  I spent the next 5 minutes siting in the drive thru cleaning and do you think a manager came to check on us?  Nope.  No one came out.  No one offered to refund the spilt milkshake.  By time I was able to eat my fries they are cold and hard.  Wasted money, time, and I still have a sticky car that I'm going to have to pay to have cleaned.Ǿ
Terrible. I went half an hour before they were supposed to close. I pulled up and pushed the button. Someone came on and rudely said "we're closed!" So I said, "oh, what time do you guys close?" And he never answered. They had just brought out food to the car next to me but wouldn't serve me. I will not be returning to this location.Ǿ
Went to this location today 7/14/15 and I placed my order. This would have been the second time the tried to DOUBLE charge me. I think this location has some sort of scam going on to boost the money in their pockets. The person was rather blunt and never repeated my order back to me. So then I waited for the box to allow me to swipe my bank card, finally it shows and I swiped. I showed approved and then showed printing receipt. I then waited for my order and when the kid came out he rambled off the order not saying the added lettuce and tomato I asked for on the kids meal. So I asked him if it had it and at first he said no and I told him I asked the guy for it. He then re-looked and said oh wait yeah it does. So he proceeded to hand me my order and then asked for the money. I said I ran the card. He proceeded to ague with me about and so I pulled up my bank account on my phone to show him that it was in fact processing on my account. He then said we'll I won't accept that. I then told him to go get his manager. He walked away for about 3-5 minutes, then came back and said the manager told him to just give it to me to not worry about it. So the manager at the time of 6:13pm would NOT come out and talk to me. This location is a freaking joke. Half the time they can't get my order right.Ǿ
Went to sonic today for lunch, the food was fast and accurate and who doesn't love the tator tots at sonic? They are always perfect!! I also really like that you can add flavors to your sodas, something you don't see very often. I love cherry and vanilla flavors and always add one to my drink. (Cherry to sprite today)
Overall value is really good, and it satisfied me for lunch. I was in a bit of a hurry and it was quick, like you would expect!