Food is simply amazing! 

The owners, staff and decor is very comforting. 

I had the gnocchi which tasted like little pillows of heaven haha. 
My boyfriend had the arrabbiata with sausages and he said it was also delicious.

Generous portions and reasonable pricing! 

Will definitely come back and save room for dessert!笑
Ein absolutes Highlight. Kleines feines italienisches Restaurant mit sehr leckerer Speisekarte. 
Das Preissystem ist denkbar einfach und fair. Alle Desserts  kosten zum Beispiel 6 Dollar. Alle Appetizer 12 $. Main und Second Piati 20 bzw. 24 $. Finde ich eine klasse Sache. 
Der Service war ausgezeichnet. Sehr aufmerksam und wirklich von Herzen freundlich. 
Das Restaurant wirkt innen wie ein Wohnzimmer mit offener Küche. Sehr gemütlich als wäre man bei Freunden zu Gast. 
Die Speisekarte ist übersichtlich, was für mich immer ein sehr gutes Zeichen ist, da man davon ausgehen kann, dass die Zutaten frisch sind und selbst zubereitet. Für jeden Italien Liebhaber ist was dabei- außer Pizza- und das ist auch gut so . 
Tolle Weinkarte mit schöner Auswahl an Rot-, Weiß- und Roséweinen.笑
The atmosphere is intimate and the staff are warm and attentive. I was trying it for the first time and was pleased with my experience. They brought a well prepared and generous slice of bruschetta for each person at the table, on the house. I shared the shrimp appetizer and we both loved the rich garlic laden juice shrimps are served in. Next was the gnocchi, which was perfect for sharing with my friend who shared her lobster ravioli. We both likes the gnocchi but thought the cheese was too stiff and would have blended better with the gnocchi if softer. The ravioli was well prepared but far too salty for me. That is my only complaint. Everything else was very enjoyable and. Reasonable prices for what I had.

I plan to return to this little beach gem on Waverley at Queen.笑
Great neighbourhood spot! We have tried pretty much every dish on the menu since moving back into the neighbourhood last year. While we might have our favourites, Chef's creations are all excellent! LOVE the squid ink risotto!
Only thing I might say is that there could be more wine by the glass choices笑
We live near by and decided to check this place out for our Friday date night. Reviews looked awesome, and the menu had so many vegetarian options which is key for me. We called and were able to get a 9 pm reservation (we called at 8), but generally I think they are fairly busy, so calling ahead is the way to go. Overall, food was awesome. My husband had the taglietelle with beef, and I had the gnocchi. The only thing that kept this from 5 stars was the service. I feel bad because maybe our server was having an off night, but he really wasn't on his game. We only got bread when another server offered it to us, and there was just a general sense of being flustered...but everyone has bad nights sometimes. Still, not enough to keep us from coming back because the food was great, with good portion sizes and reasonable prices.笑
I have eaten here several times over the last few months and have always had a very pleasant experience. Reasonably priced for the quality, a small but well executed menu. Two favourites are the Braised Gamberoni and the Trenette Pesto. Simple dishes but flavourful and very satisfying.
This area is not renowned for quality restaurants but La Sala is definitely quality!笑
So we moved out of The Beach to Leslieville this past April, mainly because the food scene is non-existent, everything closes around 9pm and you have to deal with tourists and traffic during the warm months. 

Then this place opens up.  What a great little restaurant. The husband and wife team were like Italian friends who have you over for dinner and spoil you.

So party of four: we had 2 kale/fennel salads and 1 arugula/caprino salad.

Entrees: veal scaloppine, grilled calamari, shrimp, pappardelle bolognese.  
Dessert: 2 tiramisu w/4 spoons.
2bottles of Chianti & great company.

From start to finish, delicioso. I know that's not Italian, but hey, I'm from California.  

Now we have a reason to come back to this area.

BTW Toronto, your Italian food kicks butt!

Last thing, they close at 11pm. Say what?笑
I had the pleasure of eating here last month. Beautiful atmosphere. Like eating in an Italian living room. The whole place is warm colors and hardwood details. The wine list was reasonable. I had a bottle of Chianti for under $40. The food was the centerpiece. It is broken up under different pricing categories. I had the grilled calamari and it was perfectly cooked. The husband is the chef from Italy and his wife a gracious hostess. This place is a welcomed addition to Beach eateries.笑
This has now become our favourite little restaurant. The staff are so warm and welcoming. We have been here 4 or 5 times now and we have had Audrey as our waitress a few times.  She is amazing...her recommendations are spot on!  The food is out of this world....I have never been disappointed and I have tried quite a few entrees. The portions are great and the prices are quite reasonable.  I would highly recommend!!笑
Mit einem Wort: Hammer. Tolles italienisches Restaurant mit gehobenem Ambiente, sehr freundlicher und professioneller Servive, kleine aber feine Karte und tolle Weinauswahl.
Gemuese aud den Punkt gegart, die Vorspeise (goatcheese) ein Traum und dann auch noch eine tolle Bruschetta als Gruss aus der Kueche aufs Haus.
Auch das Dessert sehr gut und dabei sehr fair kalkuliert.
Waere ich ein local, dies waere definitiv eines mei er Stammrestaurants, wenn es mal etwas feiner zugehen darf.笑
Did a takeaway from here for an anniversary dinner at home. Had the romaine/fennel/kale salad, the pappardelle bolognese, the risotto spinaci, the lemon rosemary chicken and tiramisu. Everything was delicious and they even included a container of Parmesan for us. Will definitely be back and I highly recommend this restaurant. Delicious food and friendly people. Reasonable prices for a nice restaurant too. Thanks!笑
Amazing! 

The whole grilled Seabass was the best I have had. We are from California so are no strangers to great food from the sea.

The rest was delish as well with very reasonable prices.

Highly recommend to all and will be back here on the next trip.笑
Heard about La Sala from locals who had seen the restaurant in passing. We decided to try it out while at the Jazz Festival. Service was impeccable and attentive, food was outstanding and well presented but most of all cooked to perfection and delicious, as were the desserts. Decor was calming and elegant.  Prices were very fair and we received a warm welcome from the owner. We'll definitely be retuning customers and I highly recommend this restaurant. 
In bocca al lupo!