After hearing so much hype from friends when they visit the US, I finally had the chance to experience this chain for myself.  Well I can say now I know what the hype is about.  The burgers are good....very good.  I think it all has to do with very fresh ingredients.  Nothing about the burger technically is that different from other chains but the quality of the ingredients and the simple menu is what elevates it above other places.  I like how the bun is not a cheap tasteless dry pre-packaged product but works well to round out the burger.

I did however find that the fries were only good.  Nothing spectacular about them but not disgusting either, good simple fresh fries.  The milkshake was very good however and when I go back, I'll probably get a 3x3 and no fries :)笑
This place hits the spot. If you've tasted the greatness of an in n out fast food burger, then you know what I mean. This review is more for the customer service and the overall cleanliness of the facility. 

Customer service: the employees all greeted my friends and I when we walked into the door. It really seemed like their assembly line was legit and they kept their customers first. What I mean by that is I didn't see any workers talking to one another while serving customers, or taking the occasional cigarette break in the middle of their shift. The cashier also repeated my order to make sure it was totally correct, thank you! I even had a happy employee when giving my food and upon asking for more spread :)

Facility: bathrooms=CLEAN. Finally a place that knows that toilet paper isn't an item that belongs all over the floor. Tables were also cleaned up and washed down immediately after customers left. The soda fountain station was also cleaned up many times as I was sitting waiting for my to go order.

Overall my experience at this location was excellent. I wouldn't mind going back at all when I'm looking for my in n out fix in Vegas ;)笑
Absolutely the best. There are few businesses on planet Earth that give such incredible food & service at an unbeatable price, with a staff that is friendly but not so much that you start to think that they're covering up something.

The quality control here should be studied by all other businesses. By my calculations, I have eaten In N Out over 700 times. They have forgotten something on my order ONCE, and were extremely apologetic about it.

The food is always immensely satisfying. Few places scratch the itch like In N Out does.

Love you In N Out! You set the bar so high!笑
Best In N Out in Vegas.....fast service with it being next to UNLV.  They were crowed yet it took less than 5 minutes to get my order.  I will be going back to this place next time I'm in town笑
Since we were in Vegas and I have never had In-N-Out this was a must to visit.  I really really wanted to love In-N-Out but something was missing, the burger patty itself was so skimpy and lacking the flavor I was hoping it would have.  It was just OK.  The fries were just meh, nothing special.  Shake Shack and Five Guys are both better in quality and taste by a long shot IMO.笑
Great, fast service. We even got help taking our order to our table.  Menu is simple & reasonable but perfect. Order the "Animal Style" (it's not on the menu) for your burger or fries or both. I say the sauce is like a Big Mac sauce. We loved it. In n Out, please come to Oahu!!笑
Burger Well done that's all I can say. Everything was on point from taste to speed of order. GREAT place to catch a quick bite before hitting the strip.笑
Honestly the burgers are pretty good and the fries are so-so, but I'm not a big fan of this place. I feel like you can get a better burger elsewhere.笑
Is there anything bad anyone could even say to this place? It's perfection. Always comes out the way you want it. Fresh to order. Great staff, always kind. I come here with my friend all the time after the gym to get all kinds of gainsssss.笑
Without question the best fast food burger ever!  It is the perfect combo of beef, onions and lettuce.  
Always get it with a side of animal fries.笑
What's not to love about In and Out? 

I'm rating 5 stars for In and Out's food!!  I can honestly say I can eat healthy and not feel guilty when I eat here.  If you're unsure about their nutrition facts, just google it. 


Service is pretty good and quick.  They have a 100% satisfaction guarantee.笑
Just 3 days till I'm in Vegas again...Just 3 days.....Soo hungry...笑
Best burger chain hands down!! the minute I landed anywhere in Vegas or California, In-N-Out is always the first destination. I usually even bring some back to Seattle with me. It is that good!! The animal-style fries is bomb! pretty much everything they serve is worth getting.笑
In-N-Out is straight forward, cheap, and delicious. The meat is fresh, fries are cut on site, and milkshakes are glorious in the summer. It's no wonder that this west coast chain has gained a loyalty nationwide and has east coasters begging for this chain to reach the Atlantic. The menu is minimalist personified and I like that. You can a grilled cheese and animal style fries if your obese heart desires. I'm not a burger person, but when I do want a burger, I go for In-N-Out.笑
Satisfying and fast, a decent burger and fries. In-N-Out knows what they are doing and they do it well. You get you money's worth.笑
Great stop at this location of In and Out. This location is right by UNLV campus. I have been to a few locations and this is probably one of the better ones. It is kept clean and the service was quick. 

The order three sets of the double double and a cheese burger. All came out within 10 mins and you can tell it was freshly made. The soda refill station was good to get in your soda fix. No complaints.

Lived up to the expectations here. Some of the locations I have been to hosted quiet a big population of homelessness. While you saw some here, it's not as bad as the ones in San Fran.笑
I love me some In N Out Burger!!!!  This is a must every time I hit the west coast because we lack this food chain in Illinois.  You can't go wrong with this place...it's simple, burgers, fries, drinks, & shakes.  I absolutely LOVE the fries from this place!!!

Skip McDonalds and those other food chains... this is higher quality fast food that you won't regret.

Oh, if you're skipping out on the carbs/bread - you can get your burger wrapped in lettuce tooo!笑
So because I am from the east coast, I have to take every opportunity I can to get my fill  of In-N-Out. This time, work took me to UNLV which, happily, has an In-N-Out right off campus.

I drove in on my last afternoon and went a little wild. Six doubles animal-style packed for travel. The team here was professional, cool, and efficient. I had my beautifully boxed burgers in minutes and they didn't break a sweat. The box was quickly refrigerated and then stuffed into my checked luggage. (I'm surprised TSA didn't pry my bag open and eat my bounty!)

They made it home to NYC in one piece thanks to the wonderful packing skills. And they were as delicious as I remembered.笑
Good fries.  

Burgers---thin dry patties (they need to double em' up to get a true hamburger size), pre-shaped (not good), and lettuce, tomatoe, onion is the majority any of the burgers.  

This is not the "best ever burger joint"...

I just don't get the loyal following--sorry.笑
Perfect as always In-N-Out!

Food does come it a bit slow like always but rest assured your food is cooked and served right off the grill!

Thank you for even dealing with our huge hoard crowd coming to get lunch during our break from our leadership conference over at the Thomas and Mack Center! Handled the rush amazingly!笑
One of the best chains in the US. They treat their employees with respect, pay them a living wage and they in turn deliver a exceptional product.  D/D Animal style, Fries Well and an Root Beer Float is always one of my vegas trip highlights.笑
I have been to LV 4 times this year and Im going again on Monday.  I never miss a trip to In N Out, just wish they were open 24hrs.  A Double double is a must.  Highly recommend the food here and the price is cheap.  If you take a cab through the drive thru don't forget to offer them something from In N Out too, they will thank you.笑
Good, cheap food.  Basic menu, but they do what they do well.  I know that people rave about this place and miss it when they move out of state.  I can relate because I feel the same way about Whataburger which is, in my opinion, far better than In-N-Out.笑
So, how do you mess up an order twice!!?? ...the past TWO times, they got my burger wrong... Double-Double(number 1), no cheese, no onion, extra lettuce, mustard instead(with an iced tea)... Yet, I get a Double-Double, sandwhich only, made normally... 2nd time was this evening(6'oclockish) & 1st, Halloween Night, last Friday... Even after I specially ordered as a meal as well, it gets understood as just a single sandwhich... this is why you don't have your order taker MULTITASKING at the drive-thru!! I'm never going to this location again!! Very disappointed. When I tried to explain how sometimes the ordering gets confusing to the girl in the window, she just looked at me like I was speaking French. Then insisted that it was MY wording, yet I ordered straight off the menu as it reads. Either way, in addition to pickles not being on their burgers, they also have an insane and insufficient ordering process in their drive-thru. When you order the 'combo' it gets understood as just an a la carte. Vise versa when it actually is. UGH the humanity!!!! Yes. Never again. So sorry.笑
In-N-Out Whaaaattt?! I have these crazy cravings for In-N-Out every once in a while and that's because ummm who doesn't love a fresh to made order burger?! This particular night I decided to try the UNLV location out! I was in a brave mood and went ahead and ordered a 4x4 "Animal Style" with the "Animal Style" fries! Yikes I know I know it's a ZILLION calories lmafo! It's not something that is on the actual menu board so for those of you who are looking at the menu wondering what the hell I am talking about. Its an "ask me" kind of order. Either way I believe they will make pretty much whatever you want as long as they have the ingredients to do so. The customer service was spot on. When we pulled thru the drive thru it was moving QUICK! This is something that most people complain about but for IN-N-Out it's sooo worth it! The girl taking orders was so happy and it just made you even more excited about your food. Great food, Great Service and Fast execution of your order gets you a FIVE SHINY STAR Rating Whoot WhooT!笑
If you've never been to In N Out it's an experience you HAVE to try. Alot different than your ordinary fast food chain, the quality and freshness is as good or better than most local places. They cook with fresh and real beef as well as fresh veggies, cheese, and their own buns. You can see them cooking and preparing your burger right in front of you!

The service is quick and the options are many, and if you're concerned about calories or carbs, you need not worry since they got that covered too with their protein style burgers and completely customizable burgers.

Definitely one of the best burger joints in town,  excellent food, quick service, and great quality!笑
I usually like to start or end (sometimes both) my trips to Vegas with In-N-Out simply because it never disappoints. My go-to order is the #1 combo (double double "animal style", "extra toast"). You can taste the freshness of the meat patties and the proportions of the other ingredients (animal sauce, grilled onions, lettuce, tomatoes) create a perfectly balanced burger. The taste of the fries have grown on me over time and complements the burger well. I have yet to discover another burger fast food chain that can replicate the quality, value and consistency of In-N-Out!笑
I guess for fast food it's ok.  But it doesn't live up to the hype. The meat is definitely fresh, but the patties were kinda small and the double double's cheese to meat ratio was too high. I tasted more cheese than meat.  


The fries were bland. McDonald's taste better. Strawberry shake doesn't hold up to chickfila. 

If you want a fast, cheap burger it's a decent choice.笑
Best Hamburger joint in the west.
A very simple menu and best of all the service is wonderful.笑
It's In-N-Out. Always good, inexpensive, and drive-through line moves steadily. Double-double animal style is my go-to.笑
I love In-N-Out.

We actually were in a cab ride (back from some casino or something) when we took a trip through the drive-through and picked up some burgers.  I'd likely eat there every meal if I could.

Though we picked up to eat at our hotel, I'd imagine service for eating in would be just as fast - we were (literally) in and out very fast, and did I mention that I love In-N-Out?笑
Since I traveled from BWI airport in Maryland it was only fitting to eat at In-N-Out on S Maryland Pkwy.  During a recent weekend trip to Vegas our party ate here twice!

Visit# 1 - Demolished a double double (animal style)

Visit# 2 - Ate a double double grilled (protein style)

Not sure if it was the wings I ate an hour prior to visit #2 or the actual lettuce (vice buns) but I could not finish my animal style fries during visit #2 and barely finished my protein style double double.   

Thank you In-N-Out!笑
Holy cow. Woah. I had heard all the hype, but I dismissed it.

You see, I come from the land of McDs and BK and other revolting and disappointing "burgers," so I just didn't know. I didn't know! 

I normally detest fast food, but I don't even think In-N-Out truly belongs in that category. This, my friends, was a (cheese) BURGER! 

Then I returned the land of gross burgers, with nothing but the memory of what I WISH fast food tasted like here in the Northeast.笑
Theyre doing alot of construction so the parking lots really messy but the guts are typical in n out decor. i like this shop cause its away from the strip so its no fulled up with tourists or vacationers and its right next to UNLV so i can only imagine how this place looks when class is in..

what do i order?

old fashioned double single w/ pickles. lighty cooked fries and an arnold palmer. 20 packets of black pepper on my ketchup. and 2 napkins. 

what are you having??笑
Had a great time. Ordered my usual one with cheese and fries animal style. Fast fresh and hot.笑
The burgers here are so good! They dont have an in and out where I live, so I really look forward to an opportunity to taste these seemingly homemade treats!笑
You can't go wrong with in&out burger and this one is open late for those late night cravings!! 

Clean, very busy when we were here but you still got your food very quickly! Fresh burgers and fries- great prices. 

If you've never been to one of these places definitely check it out! 

As far as fast food goes this places isn't junk...fries are peeled and diced daily from potatoes, cooked in cholesterol free oil, no preservatives in buns and buyers are made from fresh beef that's never frozen! 

Staff is friendly and place is clean :)笑
Always a treat to eat a good juicy burger while in Vegas! Protein style for me (lettuce wrap instead of the bun)! Good solid food at good prices.笑
I don't know what to say about In-N-Out that hasn't been said before. Fresh burgers, great taste, awesome service. Fries are awesome, shakes are awesome. I mostly get my stuff protein style, and their lettuce always holds my burger excellently. Their spread is delicious.

Just hands down the best fast food chain in the US.笑
Clean fast and fresh.  Can't argue with that.

There is a new In and Out opening in the strip by the Flamingo, FYI笑
If they place has any faults I couldn't find them. Great food, service and location. Even with a big lunch crowd the staff maintained a fast pace that was met with a smile. I wish more businesses ran like this In and Out Burger. They get my highest regards.笑
I know there are quite a few reviews, and I'm not saying go or don't go.  I just can't seem to figure out the big draw of this place.  I was not impressed...at all.  Meh..for sure.笑
A great late night easy dinner. In-N-Out's quality is consistent, with good fries and a quasi-secret menu. My favorite order is a cheeseburger, animal style, with extra chiles. Animal style just means grilled onions and thousand island dressing, but it definitely dresses up their plain burger. The various locations throughout the valley can get really crowded depending on what time you go, so that's worth considering. 

The menu is small, but that keeps the prices low! It's cheaper to get a meal for my boyfriend and I here than at any of the other fast food places. The employees are also quite friendly.

There are small bible references on some of the packaging, like the cups and fry packages. I'm not sure what they reference, so if anyone knows that could be interesting to find out!笑
YUM!. Visiting Las Vegas, so we HAD to make a pit stop here. Drive thru was pretty quick. Burgers and fries were DE-LICIOUS! Wish there was an In-N-Out Burger, here in Florida. My mouth is watering! *sigh*笑
I've never had In N Out burger as I live in the Chicago area. We are limited to Culver's, Portillo's, White Castle...and recently Sonic has opened (which I was so excited about until I tasted it - disgusting. I am off track. 

In N Out Burger - uhhh, YUM!! I mean, it's no kobe beef burger with an ice cold beer but it's pretty darn good for a fast food joint. I've been to plenty of fast food burger joints and this is up at the top of the list. I would have gladly eaten two double-double burgers without hesitation. My other midwestern friends agreed. 

If you never tried it and have the opportunity to do so - you won't regret it!笑
In n Out... in n out... THATS WHAT A HAMMMBURGERS ALLL ABOUT!!! I love this place!!! burgers are great and so is the Neapolitan shake mmmm笑
I've always loved their cheeseburgers but never really liked their fries.  They always seemed soft, cold and limp (hmm?)  Well my co-worker mentioned that he recently had fries animal style and it peaked my interest.  I picked up an order along with a cheeseburger and I almost didn't eat my burger.  The fries were smothered in cheese, grilled onions and thousand island sauce.  I know it sounds weird but it was really good!  

I still can't figure out why in-n-out tries to keep some of their menu items secret, but I won't complain as long as people share their experiences.  My other favorite off menu item is their yummy grilled cheese with grilled onions.笑
Du ER nødt til at spise in-n-out hvis du er vestpå hvor de findes. Det er altså bare den bedste fastfood burger der findes. Bestil animal fries hvis det skal være ekstra fedtet (det er fries med ost, bacon og løg - lækkert man) De står ikke på kortet, så det skal man selv nævne. 
En af grundende til, at In-n-out kun findes på vestkysten er, at man vil være så tæt på sit lager som muligt, da man ikke tror på hverken mikroovne eller frysere. Nice ik? Kigger du ud bagved, kan du se hvordan de står og skærer kartoflerne friske som ryger direkte i frituren. Nom!笑
I think that burgers are pretty disgusting.  I will never have a craving for a burger.  I'll eat a burger if I'm at a barbeque and that's the only thing to eat.  However, for some reason, I can never say "no" to an In-N-Out burger.  Maybe I'm sucked into all of the hype or maybe I find it exotic since there aren't any In-N-Outs here in the Midwest.  Whatever it is, I think it's delicious!  It's such a treat whenever I'm in California or Vegas.  One time we even packed some to go before we boarded the plane; each item was separated to prevent it from becoming soggy; however it wasn't the same.  I love In-N-Out....everything's so fresh and I also love the fries!!  This place was packed because we went during lunchtime, so there was a wait, but it was well worth it!  I will definitely re-visit when I go back to Vegas!笑
in & out.
great price, cheap burger, fast service, made to order, animal style, etc. Close to the strip and its really good!笑
Before the plane even touches down on the West Coast I begin to feel that old familiar craving and visions of animal style cheeseburgers and neopolitan milkshakes begin dancing in my head.

Arriving in Las Vegas on Saturday was no exception; I demanded to be chauffeured to In-N-Out immediately after fetching my luggage. As I sunk my teeth into this perfect cheeseburger I couldn't help thinking that all was right with the world.笑
In Las Vegas for a day and needed a fix of my California favorite, actually just a root beer float, so I ordered a large root beer float.  She charged me for a large root beer float and I got a regular sized cup float which was 3/4 full.  I asked for a large one when my order came out, the server said they don't make large cups for shakes.  Why charge me extra for a smaller cup and tell me you can't do anything about it?  Surprised with the service at this location, I hold In-N-Out at a higher standard because I'm a  Southern California local and they have always rectified my order with no question.  Disappointed with this In-N-Out for not going out of their way as they usually do.  Glad I'm going back back back to Cali.  Mick.  One.笑
Never coming to this branch again! Took longer than ever to make veggie burgers and 10 people after us got theirs before when there wasnt even much rush! A guy before me had the same complaint and got his refund as he was pissed off!笑
At first I was very disappointed at how very little choices they had at the menu, but after having a bite of their double cheese burger.. Mhmm! Best one I've ever had. They have a secret menu, but that's something you have to look online and it's really unique and good. I'd come here again.笑
This place is great. Not only is the food fresh, fast and tasty, but, you get a strong feeling that all of the employees truly enjoy working there. I grew up in the era of the carhop/malt shop burger and this brought back at least a glimmer of that.笑
Top notch burger.  tasted like a bar burger or even better, but way cheaper.笑
This place is too good.

I've been coming here for years and i feel this is the best location in town. The fries are perfect and so are the burgers.

I now get a 2x2 animal protein style with fries and a lemonade, a far cry from my puberty-driven 6x6s but its still great.笑
Came here based on In-N-Out's reputation and it's a nice place that stays busy and with good reason. Located on the UNLV campus, it's on a corner that allows for drive-up and parking for in-store dining. The place is clean, inside and out and stayed busy the whole time I was there. The staff was friendly for a fast-food place with fresh, clean matching uniforms. They processed orders quickly and efficiently and while I waited a little longer than expected, it was worthwhile. Sat outside and ate at a built-in table area and thought "This is the way to do fast-food". It was good (fries a little too salty) and I was able to eat and keep things moving, which is what I was looking for.笑
Okay, when I'm wrong, I'm wrong.  I was out in Las Vegas again in August for a bachelor party, and after getting a 4x4 Animal Style with Well Done fries, I have to say, In-N-Out IS better than Five Guys.笑
Great burgers, fries and shakes coupled with great customer service!笑
This was my first trip to In-N-Out Burger and it was great.

My wife and I arrived at a time where there was a gap in the rush on this place. Good thing, too, because it filled up in a  matter of 5 minutes after we parked. We were fortunate to snag a seat inside.

The young lady at the register was incredibly nice. I really liked her. I was even more fond of her because she helped to facilitate my first transaction with this icon of bovine via bun-deliverance system.

My wife wasn't aware of the secret menu when we ordered, but it was irrelevant. We both ordered a Double Double w/ Onion, fries, me a drink from the poison fountain (soda) and she had a vanilla shake. Everything was to our liking and hit the spot. 

Well played, In-N-Out Burger. You won us over. Please come to the 4 corners area soon.笑
man i always eat in and out and it never fails no matter which one i go too its the same and i always get the 4x4 best hambugers period .笑
Great clean location with fast service despite the large volume of visitors. I typically get the double double animal style with the fries extra crispy and yellow peppers on the side. In n out is my go to hamburger spot by UNLV. Top notch burger and fries. Overall impeccable service笑
If i'm ever out in the west coast i usually have to stop off at a In n out. This time in vegas was no exception. Near the UNLV campus you'll get a steady stream of college co-eds. Make sure you hit up the secret menu as you'll get some nice combinations that are off menu. I always go for a cheese burger animal style which comes with the in n out sauce which is relish mayo based with some chilli. As well as topping it off over fries. Yum. Great meat, juicy and flavorful. Made to order which always is a step up from the usual mcd's and burger king chains. Great shakes as well.笑
Mike G. (a major Vegas carnivore) is right. 

In N Out is an excellent and consistent burger chain that for a fraction of the cost is as good as many of the high-end burger hustlers in the casinos. (I'm talking to you BLT!)

It's even better when you know the Secret Menu. 

http://www.in-n-out.com/secretmenu.asp

A 4x4 with everything on it is a sublime decadent pleasure. It's for real men only so bring your loin cloth.

I take one star off only because the fries are not as good as the burgers: you can order them well-done, but that just makes them hard. They are fresh-cut but they need to be double-fried to be done properly. Alas, no one seems to do fries that way. Sigh.笑
I remember when In N Out used to have awesome THICK cut fries that were just perfect. The burgers had a really soft bun and the juicy patties were well-seasoned. They used to be worth 5 stars.

I'm really disappointed that it's all changed. I am not sure if they stayed the same in Cali, but it'd be great if they did. Here in Vegas, The fries are really thin and SPONGY. The burgers have buns that are shiny.. oily, greasy, soggy.. It's really unpleasant. Patties are not seasoned like they used to be so it's not much of an improvement over a salad. The 10-15 minute wait is usual for dine-in. I've eaten at this location 4 times and I'm sad to say the food doesn't represent the In N Out I used to love.

I noticed this is a favorite burger joint for a lot of people, and I'm really surprised. If only you had In N Out when they actually served great food. Maybe it's still the same in Cali. Maybe not. I don't care anymore.笑
Okay -- I get it. In-N-Out, you boast a great burger. Tried the double double with everything on it and was not disappointed. You can taste the freshness, which in the fast food world seems to oft be overlooked. Not here though!

The simplicity of the menu is nice too - basically just figure out how hungry you are and go from there. Not so hungry, get a single. Ready for a full meal? Get a double double with fries and maybe a shake. 

Minus one star at this location for the homeless folks that sit inside and take food off of your tray... Management should probably be on the look out for folks that are not paying customers. I wasn't even done with my meal (albeit, I was slowing down and conversation a bit more) when a man came and took my fries from my tray... I was so confused/awestruck that I didn't even say anything. Huge turn off.笑
How could you not love In-N-Out? Surprisingly, even with all the student traffic this location gets from being on UNLV's border, they are speedy quick! Hamburgers are delish (do we really have to go over what they serve here people...I hope this one is self-explanatory ;)) Their pink lemonade is awesome, and I would really like to think their food is healthier than your average burger joint :).笑
Best burgers when it comes to fast food. I like the double double with fries and a milkshake.笑
Honestly what can I say about in n out that hasn't been said before? People keep telling me things like... "you know I think I like five guys better". Five guys is great, but it's burgers are soggy and fall apart if you take them out of the foil wrapper. In n out has stood the test of time, when I lived out east during college I used to crave these burgers, and the first thing I wanted off the plane was always in n out. That is true burger love my friends.笑
I live in Chicago and often have cravings of an In-N-Out cheeseburger and fries...... 


loooooovvvveeeeee In-N-Out and miss it very much :-( please put one in the midwest In-N-Out!!笑
One of my favorite burger places!

I love the animal style French fries and getting grilled onions on my burger.笑
Ahh, In n Out on campus is DANGEROUS!! Hahaha. I would be walking to class and be smelling In n Out in the air trying to tempt me to have that for my lunch/dinner. I've learned to resist (thankfully). ANYWAY, don't get me wrong it is awesome to have an In n Out here right by UNLV. It's a great option when you don't want any of the food offered in the Student Union. You can never go wrong with in in out. They are always consistent no matter how busy they can get, you can always count on great service and fresh yummy burgers & fries :-)笑
So this review is a culmination of the countless times I've been here, and it all started many years ago when I was a student at UNLV.  

When I was a student, the proximity to campus was fantastic.  And I don't know if it still exists, but there used to be sneaky-ninja parking behind the restaurant where I parked my car regularly and was never towed.  I am sure I went at least an entire semester without paying for on-campus parking because of this sneaky-ninja space.  

Also when I was a student, the affordability of this place and the fillingness (I'm not sure if that's a word but you get my meaning) of the meal was super appreciated.  

I can honestly say that I do not have any recollection of having bad service here, whether drive-through or dine-in, and again, that's going on many (many) years of coming here. 

The food always tastes fresh.  While the actual menu items are limited, the 'styles' are varied.  Check out the not-so-secret menu (per your favorite internet search engine) and you'll know what I mean.  

Me, I'm a tradionalist.  Double-double with grilled onions, light on the sauce, with fries and a Dr Pepper easy ice.  When I'm looking for a tasty burger-and-fries, I will default to this tried-and-true In-N-Out burger.笑
45 wait wow not in CALIFORNIA no shakes machine broke  gill  down  he only bucause  we love the food well we need to love it in CALIFORNIA only笑
Best in-n-out EVER. The girls at the drive through were so ridiculously sweet today. I was like...come through, burgers!笑
This is my favorite In-N-Out in Vegas.  All the others feel new and like any other fast food place, but this one feels like a good old fashion In-N-Out.  The burgers aren't any better or worst, but I just like the feel of this place.笑
I'm quite the seasoned veteran at in n out.  Always have had exceptional customer service as well as quality freshness of food.  I am extremely upset with the lack of customer service I received last two times I've been through the drive thru here.  First time girl was very rude and my food was awful. An in n out first for me. Ok bad night I'll try them again just let it go, but no I can't just let it go after tonight. I cruise up to the drive thru mouth watering as I'm ordering to constantly keep being cut off midway threw my sentence.  I honestly just got fed up and pulled up to the first drive thru window to pay with my heart pounding I was so annoyed.  This in n out in particular loves to rush customers and is known for not being very friendly.  I had to calm down, assess the situation, and say, "Hey, what did I do wrong?"   But is ordering a meal for me and my family so irritable to the pimply face unlv student taking my order he has to be so rude and keep cutting me off?  Apparently so, I say good day in n out off of maryland and trop I'll take my business to sunset and marks. You know when you're greeted and feel welcomed and you know when you're not.  That night in particular we didn't feel so welcomed.... Sincerely unsatisfied customer .... :(笑
My husband has been raving about this place since I met him... He could not wait to get back out to Vegas so he could take me here. Unfortunately, I didn't think it was as SPECTACULAR as he made it out to be... I mean, maybe it's because I am pregnant and burgers have not sounded good for the past 5 months. I had a bite of my husband's just to say I tried it. To me, honestly, it was a burger. The fries were good - hot and fresh but again, nothing to write home about. Their prices were really reasonable. A double-double combo was like $6.75 and my order of fries was only $1.65.笑
Amazing double double burger meal.. Priced right, better deal than Mcdonald's! Decided to come here for lunch with co-workers here in Vegas. Have never been before, but the food was absolutely delicious and fresh. I would recommend this place to anyone who lives a juicy burger. Will definitely be back the next time in in town.笑
Okay I had to included In-N-out burger on one of my reviews even though I eaten at the one in La Palma, Barstow, Las Vegas, San Diego, Valencia, Camarillo, Vacaville, Farfield, and Gilroy. I probably eaten at more, but when I go outlet shopping, there is usually and In-N-out there.  Anyways the quality is still the same through.  I did the Las Vegas one because of all of the lights and stuff =)  I should buy a shirt one day to show my support.  I like getting the 4x4 when I am starving and the animal style fries even though they charge you double the rate now for them. The milk shakes are a little too thick and hard to sip however, but other than that Inn-N-out that is what a hamburger is all about.笑
Love me some in and out! Well sometimes when I get a chance to have some! This spot is the best! Great service and good food!笑
The first time I ever had an In N Out Burger was in Los Angeles about 8 years ago or so, the whole family loved them, we couldn't get enough, and had to get some on the way to airport.

Had it here twice, super busy at Lunch Time.. but honestly it wasn't what I remembered. The burger was just okay. I actually didn't mind not finishing it when I had to leave quickly. Which is pretty rare for me. The food I do like I will frequent and give good business to, but after having it here twice I don't really have any desire to try it again. 

Burger seemed over cooked, and too much iceberg lettuce for my liking. Personally, on a burger I think it should be either alot of romaine lettuce or spinach, or just a little bit of iceberg. I find that when you have too much Iceberg lettuce( which has very little taste and adds nothing special to the burger) that is makes the burger have less taste, flavor, and overall makes the burger lack anything special or memorable.

Shakes are decent, but nothing to write home about, just a really basic shake with no whipped cream or any other quality touch to set it apart. It was honestly such a Meh experience. 

My Sonic burger on Sahara near the dealerships is by far much better. They make their Cheeseburgers and double cheeseburgers super good. Not alot of iceberg lettuce, fresh tomato, finely chopped onions, on a soft bun and a nicely done patty. Worth the slight wait at the drive thru.

I go and get one at Sonic whenever I crave a good burger, also for their shakes that are half off, which is a good deal for a quality shake with so many flavors to choose from.

 Sonic is surprisingly superior to In N Out for their burgers, and I'm not sure if its known for that, but I highly recommend if you want a good quality burger that's big, juicy, and tastes fresh.笑
So this is of course the other establishment that must be visited on a trip back home. I tried the grilled cheese for the first time today, and it was just as good as any burger. It's basically everything except the meat with extra cheese. Ask for extra tomatoes too, and it'll be grand. But of course there's nothing like a hamburger animal style or a good old cheeseburger with grilled onions. Yum. =]笑
I don't understand all the hype.  First visit here I thought was mediocre, but figured I'd give it another shot.  It wasn't any better.  

The burgers were ok.  The meat patties are paper thin (like a White Castle burger).  The taste ok, but if you're looking for a manly burger, go somewhere else.  The special sauce (thousand island) gave it a little flavor.  

I saw them cutting up fries when I entered so my hopes were high that at least they would be good.  Wrong!  They cut them so then, then overcook them.  They were too hard/done.  I've had shoestring potatoes that weren't that crispy.

Price was good.  Maybe that's why people love this place.笑
What can you say about In-N-Out that you do not already know?

Sober, drunk, high, tired, hungry, late night, date night, cheap life, secret menu.... It is always there for you.笑
The first time we ever went, I was disappointed that they only had burgers and fries on the menu. I no longer stand by that disappointment! The burgers are VERY fresh, the lettuce, tomato, and onions very crisp, the sauce they use is delicious. I'm picky with fries, but these were perfect fast-food fries, crunchy, not too greasy, soft on the inside. Whenever we crave burgers, we go here!笑
Double Double, animal-style with fries well-done.  I would smack your grandma for that meal.笑
What can I say?  All burgers are not made equal.  I have eaten at 3 of the Valley's In n Outs, Blue Diamond and Eastern, but this location makes them better, I don't know why that is.  Since moving west to Las Vegas I have discovered that I have been deprived all these years of a truly good burger at a fast food joint.  This place rocks.笑
Fresh, cheap and fast.  Great customer service as well, especially for fast food.笑
I just visited this location and the staff was extremely friendly, pleasant, greeted you as you can into the restaurant , a very pleasant experience. The food was great, fast service, and the restaurant  was clean and not packed.笑
This is just the best burger chain. Nothing compares. This location is clean and the employees nice and friendly. It can probably be crowded when UNLV is in session. Come often and come happy.笑
I gotta go at least 2x every time I'm in Vegas.  I like this location better than Tropicana because it's normally not as crowded.  Got my double-double meal and savored every last french fry.  The place was clean and service was fast.  Went once for lunch and the other time for dinner.笑
I don't live in an area where they have In-N-Out Burger, so it is one of those things I have to do when I travel to a city that has them.

If you're visiting and have access to a car, unless you want to visit the souvenir shop, don't go to the popular one near the airport end of the strip.  This one is just around the corner near the university, and the line is NOT nearly as long as the it ALWAYS is at the other one nearby (w/ the souvenir shop).

Good burgers, melty cheese, tasty sauce.  A single is more the size of a regular McDonald's cheeseburger, so I'd recommend a double cheese for the average adult.笑
love the in-n-out.  fast service, consistently good burgers, fries and milkshake are good prices.笑
Quick service but there is definitely not enough parking, or seating (inside and out!)笑
This place is really good and I love to hear something to everybody that I know that this year I pray to lord Jesus that everybody will be here because it is cheap笑
Right next to campus and a great place to get away when you are tired of the Dining Commons.笑
No need to be coy. I love visiting you every time I'm in Vegas. I wish we could be closer. I love you!笑
I love this In and Out Burger and always visit it when I'm in Vegas. There's no In and Out Burgers where I live and I like going to this one because it's a good excuse to get off the strip and not gamble for a little while.笑
I've been in countless conversations as a west coaster extolls the virtues of In-N-Out Burger; I then salivate awaiting the day I'll taste unparalleled burger excellence.  Today was that day.

I will say this; it's the best chain fast food burger you can get in America. Now, you must remember, it is still just a burger.

Imagine the $150 burger at Daniel; will the taste stand up to the anticipation?  At some point in the continuum, no experience can possibly meet the high expectations. I was past that point, but that doesn't mean that I can't recognize this fantasticness.

What really got me was the grease.  

The grease dripping from the burger wasn't the solid grease you get from a burger at every other fast-food chain, it was probably 75% water/25% grease.  Since the patties were created with fresh, never frozen beef, you get this product.  That wasn't the only mark of quality I hung on to.

The tomatoes were more crisp than the lettuce most places, and the lettuce crunched like a potato chip.  As the pickles protruded from the sides of the sandwich, I began to ponder what I would have received if I'd ordered extra pickles.  The cheese was deli style; thick, substantive. 

I ordered the fries well-done; my mistake.  They came out like potato sticks.  Not terrible, but just stick to the regular fries.

The Neapolitan Shake - I received it before my meal was ready and drank it in seconds.  Without question, the shake was the highlight of the meal.  More dense than the McDonald's and BK shakes, thinner than a Frosty; vanilla, chocolate and strawberry never combined to create such a simple taste sensation.

All in all, a wonderful place.  For the money, it is tough to beat.  But, does it beat Ben's Chili Bowl?  A Fenway Sausage?  No.  

But for a chain . . . Probably the best bang for the buck out there.笑
I have to give props to where its due.  My In-N-Out fixes are few and far between, but this one did me good and gave me some lovin'.  It fulfilled its duty.  I needed something nice and greasy to get ready for the nights libations.  The cheeseburgers are the bomb, and the french fries are oh so choice.  It's right across the street from Freakin' Frogs, so geographically, it's good to go.笑
in n out is something "you just do" when in town, but I am not sure I will be doing it again.  Either my tastes have changed or the quality is getting worse, but it doesn't have that same "it" it once had.笑
The best burgers in town better than high end resto's, they only serve one menu and its just burgers. They do it right :)笑
Is it me or is in-out-burger burgers not that "amazing" anymore?

I used to love going to in-N-out and ordering a #2, grilled onions with no tomatoes and instead of soda. I would substitute it for a strawberry shake. 

Food (3)
I feel like they are going down-hill and not only that but their prices are getting higher.  I was surprised when I saw how much they increased the prices.  (I mean they didn't increase it by that much, but it was enough for me to notice)  They increase their prices, but they did not increase the quality of the food.  
The burger made me want to vomit, after several bites I had to but it down and cover it with napkins. However, maybe it was just this one time that the burger didn't taste as great.  Because most of the time, I really love going here .

Atmosphere (3.5)
They maintain their area and place is always clean, reminds me of a modern diner.  

Service (5) Everyone is very friendly, seems like a majority of them are either ln high-school or college students that work in this location. 

Overall (3.5)
Rounded up because though I had a bad experience once, most of my experiences were great here.笑
This location is right next to UNLV and is usually busy. I was surprised today that this location was quite dead. I guess everyone was barbecuing at home since it was the 4th of July. 

Ordered the cheeseburger combo with fries and drink. The burger was quite good, all the ingredients were fresh and the fries were piping hot out of the fryer and yummy. 

The only con about In and Out is it seems like the patties have gotten thinner over the past years.  I guess you can't really compare them to the gourmet burger joints where your paying $10 to $15 just for a burger.

Overall, good service and decent quality for a fast food joint.笑
If you're in your lunch break do not come here they will take up all your time leaving you not only no time to eat, but late back to work. Not only is it impossible to get in this parking lot the service is the slowest of all the locations I've been to. After waiting about 25 minutes for my order my order, it was still wrong but I had no time to let them remake it. I definitely will not be coming to this location again.笑
tldr

Burgers are CRACK and ridiculously cheap.
#1 double double burger with fries and a drink for $6.76 out the door.
Then a hamburger (you don't need that cheese bro) is $2.38 can't beat that.
Animal style is good but you don't need those extra macros.  

Get:
-meal #1 double double burger (no cheese) with grilled onions

Protip: break off that jalapeño juice in your burger and fries.笑
Epic is the only word to use when describing this place. If I had one closer to me it would be devistation because I would be there all the time!笑
This is always my fix when coming to Vegas. Yes, scratching my neck and everything. Double Double, animal style fries and a banana pepper. Who needs a drink when there's open container laws. God forgive me.笑
I don't have enough good things to say about In-N-Out, and maybe it's because we don't have one in Houston (for now). But I love the fresh tasting burgers and the fries. I always do my burger animal style also. If you have room, try one of their shakes with your burger, you won't be disappointed! If you want to be adventurous and you're new to In-N-Out, look up the secret menu online before you go so that you know what to order.笑
Burgers and fries. Burgers and fries. Oh my!!! This hit the spot after a night on the town for the whole group of girls I was with. The fries were pretty good. The burgers come with lettuce and tomato. There is an animal style French fru option that has some In and Out special sauce (looks like thousand island) and some onions and velveeta cheese.笑
I was extremely disappointed with my experience after I heard great things about this place. The menu was very limited with only three burger options. My burger was pink, bread was hard and my fries were cold. The fries taste worse than McDonald's fries when they get cold.笑
As a In-N-Out fan after a big party weekend it was the perfect lunch for a long trip coming back home. It is always worth it yummy!!!!! We had to wait for a long queue and take a table before asking for the food (poor lonely me waiting for the food) but even though we had to wait a while it was super worth it! Always is! The fries are awesome and naturals! I have no words for this food and experience :P
Good and quick service.笑
I love In-N-Out... They have my favorite burger of all the burgers I've had... Originally being from southern California, I may be biased about it, but Double-Doubles are so amazing... And I eat a lot of burgers in a lot of places. 

The sweetness of the sauce compliments the saltiness of the patties, contrasts the mildness of the cheese, compliments the crispness of the lettuce/tomato, contrasts the chewiness of the buns...

The fries are great too. Not overly crisp, not soggy, lightly salted, fried in vegetable oil, and cut to order. 

They just stick to what they know and what the do well. Not over complicating the menus and keeping it simple. (even the "secret menu")笑
This is the best In-N-Out Burger in Las Vegas. I have never been to In-N-Out where they have a host that takes my tray and fills my drink. I mean who does that at a fast food restaurant?笑
Any time you can get In-N-Out outside of Cali it's always a good thing to me. I love In-N-Out so much my wife gets jealous sometimes. While this is a chain it's the fast food burger joint that all should be judged by. My only complaint is why isn't it on the strip?笑
BEST burgers I've ever had in my life, hands down! Everything is so fresh! 

PROS: 
-Fresh ingredients
-Crispy, non-oily fries

CONS:
-NONE!笑
It's not the best hamburger you'll ever have in your life, but it is very good, especially for a fast food burger.
It's cheap.
It's pretty fast, depending on the crowd.
Service is good.
It has to be eaten immediately or else the fries are soggy.笑
I love this place.  I only went once, but they have one of the best burgers and french fries I've ever tasted.  

The prices are incredible, I don't think I've ever had a burger so cheap.  The beef, french fries-  MM everything is so good here.   

Coming from NY where there are tons of great burger places. I know a good burger when I taste one ;).笑
Always go to this location every time I come to visit Las Vegas. Friendly and upbeat staff. Food is still the same which is awesome consistency. Other than that, very clean and convenient for UNLV students as well since it's right next to greenspun hall.笑
Being from Hawaii, we don't have an In-N-Out Burger there, so it's a treat to have lunch/dinner here when visiting Vegas. The staff here is very friendly and know the meaning of customer service. I've never seen an employee not happy or friendly. The food is served freshly made with the appropriate temperature for the food. The only thing is that it gets rather crowded depending on the time of the day. But this is good as you know they're good and that items will always be fresh. Orders here are accurate and correct. I have yet to have an order that is wrong. 

The fries are delicious as well as the burgers. I noticed that the fries are not as oily as other restaurants, and this is a good thing. 

All in all, this location (next to UNLV) is great. I hope to visit other locations in Las Vegas as well.笑
I'm not gonna state what isn't obvious so I'll keep it short. 

In-N-Out isn't a place for gourmet burgers or a life changing experience. It's a model of how good fast food should be.

Burgers are grilled in store. Employees are paid decently so they're generally friendly. Fries are cut from potatoes on site. To top it off it's an open kitchen design you can see how your food is being prepared!

The reason people rave about In-N-Out is because the chain manages to do things the right way and stay profitable. The burgers and fries taste good not because of some magical ingredient but simply because they were prepared and cooked fresh on site.笑
When I find a friend that hasn't been to In-N-Out, I know we're in for a fun outing.

I've taken dozens of people to this location for their first experience.

It's a regular stop for our http://BurgersByPhone.com crowd when ever we can get together笑
Flat Out The BEST Burger for the Price$. There is no chain that even comes close. When I fly into Vegas or Ca., this is a must.
There Is No Better笑
The hype is real. The lines are not bad. I ordered double double cheeseburger animal style. Also, I got the French fries. The burger was nice and juicy. It is the best burger that I ever had.  it was like a mouth orgasm. The French fries were just okay. Its kind of pricy, but worth it. I recommend this place to anyone out of town .笑
Went right before closing time , everyone was still upbeat unlike alot of places where the person would be In a rush and ready to leave. The food wasn't sloppily made , and it actually tasted better then any of the times I have had in n out before .the wait was a little long for it to be 1 car in line , but that's quality笑
Always our first stop when we come to Las Vegas, we get 2 double-double meal, the burgers are juicy and tasty, fries are crispy, never disappoints. Can't wait to come back on our next visit to Las Vegas.笑
I love me a good burger. And man, when I heard about this place...I knew I HAD to try it. I schooled my fiance on the "secret menu" and after three days of staring at the sign out our bedroom window from Thehotel...we finally grabbed a cab and headed over.

This place is heaven. The burgers are cooked to perfection. Juicy, tasty and BIG...the flavor can't be beat. The animal style fries and burgers...I swear, I'm going to start drooling just thinking about it! The prices are freakin' amazing......Five Guys has now been ruined for me in every way.

In N Out....how I wish you would come to the East!笑
Oh, I wish there was In-N-Out on the east coast!  I have to get my fix every time I go to Vegas, and the location on Maryland on the edge of the UNLV campus is a great spot if you can get there.  It's not as crowded as the Trop location near the I-15, so you get your double-double and fries much faster.

I get it, In-N-Out won't build a franchise that is more than a day drive from their warehouse so their food stays fresh...or something like that.  But I wish they would break their rule just one time and put one in Boston, specifically across the street from my apartment.

Oh, how I miss you In-N-Out, and I will see you again when I'm back in Vegas!笑
How can you not like In-n-Out? Their burgers are how I imagined the Krabby Patty as a kid! It's crazy cheap, customizable and delicious. I personally get a double double with extra toast and extra grilled onions. Add some fries with that and it comes out to $5!
If I'm feeling really hungry I bump up my order to a 3x3 or a 4x4. Sadly, they won't allow you to order more than that :(

Tip: get your French fries well done you'll never regret it笑
Believe the hype about this place! This is my favorite fast food place on earth. The burgers are delicious and always contain fresh ingredients. I love the thousand island sauce also!  I even got to try the fries "animal-style" (thousand island sauce, grilled onions) YUMMMM! When I was visiting Vegas I made it a point to come here and stuff my face, for I did not know when I'd be able to enjoy this place again.  Although this location was crowded and chaotic it was well worth it to feed my burger craving again. Hopefully next time I don't have to wait almost 2 years for my next.

In-n out needs to come to Denver!笑
In n Out always hits the spot. Cant say anything bad about it, other than sometimes it gets way too crowded. But other than that, its my favorite burger joint. My friends suggest 5 Guys burgers is better, but I will be the judge of that once I try it.笑
In-N-Out is my favorite burger joint on the West Coast.
Since White-Castle-Burgers r only available on the East Coast. The one on the strip doesn't count, it is a tourist trap with astronomical prices.笑
In my opinion, In N Out is the best fast food restaurant serving burgers, ever. Why? It's still fatty foods but has a more healthier process than McDonalds or BK. Employee's are super nice! And their food is affordable for combo meals. 
Whenever I have late night cravings for burgers I hit up In N Out and get a cheeseburger combo with a coke, and a strawberry shake. I spend less than $10 including tax here for a combo + a milkshake. Whenever you go through the drive thru I love how they ask if you're eating in your car because they give you a mat and box to make it easier for you. Each time I came into an In N Out restaurant the place would always be clean and even when you watch them make food they look like they carry out proper sanitation procedures.笑
It has been 18 months since I had my beloved In-N-Out! Like my boy Charles wrote in his review, it was fitting coming from Maryland to eat at S Maryland Pkwy location.  We ended up eating here twice on our 3 night trip.

First night -  #1 Animal style w/ Animal style fries

Last night - #1 Animal Style

That first bite was the bomb!  I really miss eating here.  I will save my usual 4x4 for my Official San Diego Trip in August!笑
I love this place. No words can describe how much I love In-N-Out and wish there was one in Chicago.  Every time I am anywhere near an In-N-Out, I always make a stop.  Sometimes I make a stop 2 days in a row. IT's that much of an addiction.

Everything here is fresh, the fries are real potatoes that you can see being cut and it tastes so much better.

Yum.......笑
I've  always enjoyed this location, since it's so close to UNLV campus. I'm the type to order "monkey style" or a 4×4 "animal style" burger and well done fries. I like to do secret recipe type orders. I left a star out due to the entrance. It's a hassle trying to turn in off Maryland Pkwy. You must make a u-turn. Other than that it's always a pretty packed location. However they NEVER get an order wrong... at least not mine. That's the type of service you get when going to In-N-Out. Will return to this location as I've been doing for years.笑
10 minutes off plane and ordering a #1. Freakishly great.笑
I LOVE YOU IN N OUT!!
I was introduced to In N Out on a trip to Cali, haven't gotten over it!
This is a "must stop" spot, every time we're in Vegas.  Usually about twice a day!
I love your cute little codes and "secret menu" that just happens to be posted through your site!
THANK YOU!笑
MMMMM!!! Went last night 5-3-15 and got dinner. 

I had a #1 with animal style fries and a strawberry shake instead of a drink.  Loved it!笑
Amazing burgers made just the way you like. Very simple menu. I always order animal style fries and an animal style cheeseburger with extra toasted bun!! Ask for more spread. Service is always ok point and the workers are friendly.笑
It's true. Whenever I try a place that's hailed as the greatest thing in its genre, I'm disappointed about 75% of the time. I'm happy to say that In-n-Out was worth the time I've spent listening to the countless tales of its ultra-juicy, delicious, "best burgers ever" and I can confirm that it lives up to its title.

We were staying at Mandalay Bay and ended up getting on the bus headed the wrong way. Lucky for us though, we realized it right away so we were planning to get off and hitch the bus going the other way, when we saw a giant sign that said In-n-Out burgers 1/2 mile down Maryland. Somehow our slight detour fared better for us because I've heard about how busy the Dean Martin one is and the one we went to by UNLV only had a few people there. Score!

I had been practicing what I was going to order from the Secret Menu so I didn't go in there looking like a newbie. I had it down pat. Two double doubles, animal style and an order of well done animal style fries. BOOM! It looked like I'd done this before. I'd read a lot of reviews about how the fries were nasty, but they were pretty good smothered in thousand island, onions and cheese AND cooked extra crispy. Not bad at all. 

The burgers were the true winner though. I want to overnight ship about 100 of those back home so everyone I know can experience this. This may sound dumb, but the cheese they use on their burgers is not the traditional Kraft cheese. Oh no, this was some extra tasty cheese-- no offense, Kraft. The burger, well you could tell that it was fresh and not frozen. It was very melt-in-your-mouth good. 

I hope I can make it back before returning home so I can experience fast food goodness one more time around.笑
If your always on the hunt for great burgers then you probably find these high -mediocre at best.  Try the regular menu before seeking out the underground toppings.  However,  these prices are fucking amazing!!笑
If you're looking for a McDonald's alternative, I would say this place is better than McDonalds, BurgerKing etc. I would not say this place is any healthier for you. Its a fast food burger place no different than Checkers. The fries are NEVER cooked all the way, they bring them to you looking VERY oily, and you will not find them crisp or done (as this is a fast food place and they want things moving as fast as possible). The food quality isnt terrible, but this is NOTHING to get excited over. THIS IS JUST LIKE ANY OTHER FAST FOOD PLACE, WITH AVERAGE TASTING FOOD, AND FRIES THAT ARE UNCOOKED.  If you're running late and have NO other options, stop by to eat, other than that, NOTHING SPECIAL...笑
Every time I come to Vegas I make several trips to this location.  I can't get enough of their amazing food.  When I am home on the east coast I am almost constantly thinking about this place.笑
I absolutely love In-N-Out Burgers and I'm not even a burger person. This is the only place I'll go for a burger. 

Located on Maryland Parkway and Tropicana Ava right by UNLV campus, this location is surely an ideal spot for anyone. The parking lot is really small for all the people that come here though. I guess it's a good thing that a lot of the people that come here are college students and they just walk or bike over to this spot. 

I've always just come here at opening for lunch so as to miss most of the lunch rush. By the time I leave though, it's packed. 

Their menu is basic, which I like. I always come in here knowing what I want as I always get the same thing. I always get the Cheeseburger combo, that comes with fries and a drink. Sometimes I get my fries "Animal style", which is fries topped with grilled onions and special sauce. I always ask for extra onions on my burger as well. 

Never have to wait long for my food to come out, maybe 3-5 minutes. I love how you can see how your food is made from the counter, so you always know that your food is actually fresh and made right when you order it. I love how the burger is thin as I'm not a big meat person. I want to be able to taste the other ingredients and not only meat. Fries are always nice and crispy when you get them. You can ask for extra crispy as well. 

As for my drink, I always get lemonade. Nothing special about it, but it's still good. I put in extra lemon pieces to make it more tangy.

With as many people that come through here, I am very impressed at how well they keep tables cleaned, trays picked up, napkin holders filled, floors sweep, and overall just keeping everything moving along smoothly. 

I'm looking forward to getting back to the West coast so I can get my In-N-out fix.笑
Fast food fast service and at a competitive cost!  The place was clean and the location wasn't hard to find!笑
I love in n out burgers! I always stop by here since I usually pass it. The staff is usually pretty nice. Quick and friendly.  
Usually it's not the cleanest but so I'd prefer the drive thru. 
But the food is yummy. :)笑
right off the flight from nyc, and the very first thing i do is get my in n out fix. lol obvi. 

the hamburger was dry, honestly. it wasnt particularly satisfying as a result. but the animal fries were crispy and piled high, which salvaged the meal. 

i still stand by my claim that shake shack is better than in n out. but as far as a 2.50 burger is concerned, this got the job done.笑
Hey, an In-N-Out finally won me over. That's because this location solved the two major problems I have with the chain: ridiculous wait times and terrible fries. Both much better here than anywhere else I've ever been. 

Being right next to UNLV I'm certain during the day and during semesters the place is slammed. But if you go during semester breaks, or later at night (the lobby is open until 1AM every night) crowds and wait times are actually surprisingly minimal. Usually no line and you get your food in only a few minutes. 

And I don't know if this is just at this location, or the chain has stepped up their game, but the fries seem considerably less crappy and burnt. Still not among the best fries out there but good enough to round out the meal.笑
Always amazing food with exceptional service. Seems to be constantly crowded but the workers move efficiently and quickly, so there is never a long wait for your food. The atmosphere is mostly college kids and business folks on break, and you'll get speedier service if you go inside than the drive thru. I definitely recommend this location, since it's away from the tourist areas and quick.笑
I was in the mood for a little of the old IN N' Out.
Since that wasn't happenin I went to this place for some west coast burgers.

HOLY CRAP  my friends. We are getting screwd by our east coast fast food purveyors.

This is a real burger. It was delicious and piled high with onion, lettuce, tomato, sauce. and drum roll puleeeez:

The people who worked there a.) provided excellent customer service
b.) got the order right.(wow) and 3.) spoke ENGLISH.
This was like a throwback to the fifties. I loved it.
ps. I saw Elvis there.笑
GREAT choice for something fast for lunch that doesn't tote a "Vegas Price."  It's pretty simple, burger with cheese or without, fries or not and drinks or a few milkshakes (they aren't great, standard fastfood shake mix).  The burgers were pretty dang skippy.笑
F*ck Shake Shack and their over priced east coast crap burger. 

You can never go wrong with a double double meal.
love the burger, love the fries and all for a cheap price :D

the lines are always long but well worth the wait.笑
I always have good services every time I go to In-n-out. However, this time was not so great and it was my first time at this location. Food was a little blander than usual, but it was packed so that might be because they were busy. Which wasn't a huge deal. My biggest complaint is that the drink I ordered tasted like cleaning supplies. Like they had just cleaned the machine and put the soda in immediately idk, but tasted pretty horrible. Disappointed in the quality at this location.笑
LOVE in-n-out. You won't want to go to this location at lunch time if you're in a hurry. But man oh man is it worth the wait.笑
In-N-Out is just the best. Double-double animal style. Enough said笑
This is the pinnacle of fast food. As a visitor in a location deprived of In-N-Out, this is a must go!

The standard order for me is the double-double with grilled onion, animal style fries, and a medium drink (pretty ordinary stuff). It is so much cheaper than any restaurant you would find on the Las Vegas strip and the overall satisfaction of the quality of food often surpasses. The only criticism I have for this place is that it is so popular which sometimes can make the food come out slower. With that said, it is definitely worth the wait!笑
(4.5 Stars) I now know what all my Californians friends talk about when they visit me in Texas. In-Out Burger is the best fast food burger place hands down. Nevermind the simple menu of burger fries and shakes, they excel at what they have, and that's the tastiest fresh fast food burger in the fast food market.

Double Double Animal style burger (grilled onions and special sauce) with fries gets a 9/10 from me for a cheap fast meal in Las Vegas. Lots of lettuce tomatoes and onions. It's a little out of the way off the strip, but with a car, it's a Must-hit place if you've never had it.

I never thought I would give a fast food restaurant this many stars but if this place existed in my city, I would be overweight for sure. Go try it, highly reccomended.笑
The best burgers in town! Always a favorite, and if you're a tourist, this is a must stop place on your list. Add it along with the Strip and everything else. Animal style is the best on fries (don't prefer it on my burger). If you want to splurge, add an Neapolitan shake!笑
Oh my gosh!I love this food,it's cheap and tastes good this is my first stop in Vegas!The food is really good.I wish they had some in Colorado.This is like heaven.I really recommend this if you haven't tried it.笑
I tried the animal-style fries.  Heart-cloggingly, disgustingly, bad-for-you tasty.笑
ANlässlich eines Vegas Besuches (Arbeit) trafen ein Freund und ich eine Bekannte, die von Berlin nach L.A. ausgewandert war und nun einen Tag nach Vegas zu Besuch kam. Nach dem obligaten Shoppen war uns nach einer guten, amerikanischen Mahlzeit. Sie fragte uns, ob wir In-n-out Burger kennen würden. Wir verneinten und meinten, Burger Läden gäbe es doch genug. Wir haben später verstanden warum wir da extra hingefahren sind:
Es ist eine kleine Fast Food Kette die nur in Kalifornien, Nevada, Utah und Arizona auftritt. Alles in privater Hand, kein Franchising. Es gibt eigentlich nur Cheeseburger und Hamburger - auch als Doppeldecker, dazu Pommes und ein kleine Auswahl an Shakes und Softdrinks. Das war's. Allerdings wird alles frisch gemacht: die Fritten werden aus Kartoffeln vor Ort geschnitten, der Salat vor Ort portioniert, das Fleisch vor Ort aus frischem (nicht gefrorenem) Fleisch durchgedreht usw. Jeder Burger wird frisch gemacht. Und wenn man drei Scheiben Gurke aber keine Tomate und drei Tropefen von einer speziellen Soße haben möchte machen sie das auch. Und wenn man keine Brötchen mag, dann packen sie den Burger in Eisbergsalat Blätter ein und nennen es Animal Style - Burger. Die Variationen sind schier unmöglich. Nach kurzer Wartezeit wird dann die Kassenzettel Nummer aufgerufen und das köstliche Fast Food kann am Counter abheolt werden.
Selbst hartnäckige Fast Food Verweigerer werden hier weich - es schmeckt einfach göttlich amerikanisch burgermässig. Probiert es aus! Preise normal - Bedienung hart aber herzlich, dafür schnell.笑
I've been to their restaurants in Dallas and they were just ok.  But in Vegas, I see what In-N-Out is all about and why it's worth all of the hype.  Spotlessly clean restaurant, friendly employees, and the food was freshly cooked and cooked to order.  Definitely worth the hype.  Here's hoping that the rumored new locations in Austin can live up to Vegas standards.   A special thanks for real iced tea with real lemons!笑
As my first In-N-Out experience, I have to say I was impressed.
From the cheap food to friendly service who wouldn't be?

You have two options when ordering, either drive-thru or order and sit down inside. The lines can get pretty outrageous especially during the lunch hour, so just beware. Although the line does move fairly quick, at least through the drive thru.

My first meal here, I came with a friend who used to be a local in Vegas. So lets just say he knew what he was talking about. 
I ordered a regular cheeseburger with everything on it. It was roughly $2.50. It was the perfect size and absolutely delicious. Great for a cheap lunch or dinner.

Next, my friend recommended I get the meal and upgrade the drink to a milkshake. Now, it doesn't say on the menu but you can get a neopolitan shake which is chocolate, vanilla, and strawberry mixed. I fell in love with this milkshake. A must try! 

The meal comes with fries also. Now the fries are awesome because they don't add salt automatically for you. They put packets inside the bag for you to use if you want it added. In my personal opinion I like the fries unsalted, you can actually taste the potato rather than the sodium.

If your on vacation or just have never tried In-N-Out.....go now!!!!!笑
I don't know if tonight if the cooks were just didn't want to be here or what but all 3 burgers I received in my order were still raw. I noticed mine was a little pink but my brother's burger and his wife's burger were really pink. 
I love in n out burgers but this is a first for me and I'm used to a quality of service and tonight didn't meet that quality in n out usually delivers.笑
Who doesn't love IN n Out?! Best burger joint! There's just a couple of things I have to point out though...

1. It gets pretty over crowded during the day with students from UNLV 

2. If you are driving, PLEASE be very careful with the slight traffic and students passing. 

Other than that, worth the wait to get a juicy burger, fries, and a delicious milkshake!笑
Coming from California, I've been to about 10 different In-N-Out locations, but this is my favorite one by far. Every time I visit Vegas, I like to stop here for a burger, fries, and a shake.

There's nothing really special here that you wouldn't get at another In-N-Out. What sets this place apart is its consistency. Its burgers, fries, etc. are always prepared to perfection every time. Elsewhere I've experienced cases where the buns or fries might be slightly soggy, or the burger just not quite done right, but not here.

87/100笑
This In N Out at UNLV tends to have a particularly amusing clientele:

http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/tro-hrljuY1cUAVFYauTlQ?select=1uPB-IOaoWd4s2jNFpZgVw

Love the appreciation for irony there.  Nice.  

Oh yeah the burgers are better than crack too.笑
I came from California to visit my girlfriend in Las Vegas and I decided to go here because I was craving some animal fries. I ordered 2 double-double and 2 animal fries to bring back to the hotel without checking the bag and as soon as I got into my room, then BAM! It was missing 1 animal fries. I didn't have my car with me so I didn't bother going back and they probably wouldn't give me my fries since I already stepped out of the door.

Moral of the story..  Always check your order if it's complete because you don't want any hassle. We ended up sharing just 1 of the animal fries, but overall the food was satisfying.笑
Classic 1950's burger joint.  Burgers, fries (made fresh while you wait), soda and shakes.   That's it a pure and great tasting burger shop.  Employees are friendly and upbeat.   Clean restaurant, great atmosphere and maybe the best value for a good tasting burger and fries anywhere.笑
I'd give this place 10 stars if I could. The service & food are consistently excellent. I ate here daily for two weeks straight once, but I'm sure others have beaten that! Other than Whataburger, this is the only other burger I eat. Also, the fountain drinks here are better than bottled & canned sodas (not watery like other fast food restaurants)!! Delicious every time.笑
Everytime we come out to Vegas, we always, always visit this burger joint! For the cheap prices, the food here is soo freakin awesome! I always get a cheeseburger and the fresh cut fries are soo yummy!!! The wait is worth the food!笑
I'm from NY and to try one of these nonexistent-in-NY chains was in my todo list.

I was recommended to get a #2, which was a cheeseburger and fries and I had substituted the soda for a milkshake. 

I was NOT a fan of the fries. Fries should be good my themselves, prior to any condiments. Seasoning after the fry is a different story. These were just freshly cut potatoes and fried. Nothing special.

The burger was okay. It was on par with Wendys. Not craveworthy. Just a simple cheeseburger. 

Price went for $5.99. Much cheaper than what I'm used to.笑
I have been waiting so long for my In and Out burger. I have been hearing about this West coast chain for ages. Everyone talks about how GREAT it is - "It's the best burger in the world" - "You will never have such as good burger in your life" - "I travel to the West coast just for this burger." So when I found out that there was one a couple of blocks away from the convention center I was working in, I was beyond ecstatic. I just had to get there. So I dragged two of my co-workers to In and Out to grab a "burger and fries". It was amazing. Out of this world. The best burger I ever had. Etc. Etc. Other than that, I really can't say much. If you never had it - You NEED/HAVE to experience it. If you had - you don't need any other explanation. It's just that good!笑
Fast cheap and delicious!!! We loved it! Staff were perfect and all condiments were stocked. Definitely happy finding out what all the talk was about.笑
Ok. Not bad. Had better. Hamburger 2 buns, lettuce,  tomato,  n Thousand island dressing,  home fries. It was fine.笑
Oh Come on! InNOut Burger, I love it. They always seem to get my order right even in the drive threw, I like to go in and wash my hands before I eat my #1 protein style burger.
Pretty clean store considering they are right on top of the UNLV campus, Ahh College..
Great place to people watch, did I mention the college?笑
Theres only one word to describe this place... DELICIOUS! 
From the burgers to the fries animal style everything! its amazing

from the moment you walk in you a greeted by a friendly staff
there outfits remind you of a classic burger joint.

I had to go online to find out about there secret menu or there items not listed like Animal style burger and fries. Neopolitan shake, and different kinds of ways to get your burger. 

One bite and they had me! 

Im all over this review because I can't explain how much I love this place and there burgers!笑
I don't think I need to do any convincing to get you to go to In N Out...get a cheeseburger, get it animal style, get some animal style fries, get a shake and you're good to go.笑
I'm not sure there's much I can say that hasn't already said about Inn n Out in general or this Inn n Out in particular.

Overall Inn n Out never disappoints. The burgers are delicious, fresh and the cheese always perfectly melted. The lettuce has a crunch and the tomatoes aren't mealy. Things you would think would be expected of most places that serve burgers, but often these goals aren't met - except for Inn n Out. Quality burgers. All the time.

Overall I'm a fan of the Double Double with grilled onions. And their chocolate shakes. Damn good.

This Inn n Out has a small parking lot and it is slightly awkward to get into if you are heading North on Maryland Parkway. However, these all issues are trumped by great customer service and even better food. Highly recommend.笑
the first restaurant my beautiful wife and i had eaten together from was this in-n-out. both my wife and i had gotten animal style burgers and some animal style fries to share. 

i thought the burger was better than most other fast food places and the sauce they use for animal style was really good, but it was pretty ordinary for the majority of it.

the fries had kind of a stale recooked taste to them but weren't completely inedible with them being animal style i suppose.

there wasn't much business even with it being close to where one of the election's debates was being held. however, even with them having almost no traffic through their drive-thru and looking like they had little to no business inside, they were pretty slow at giving us our food.

the food might've been alright, service was slow as HECK, but being together with my wife, whom i had met for the first time in person and were experiencing our first meal together was one of the best experiences i've ever had and i'm glad i'm so lucky to be engaged to the best person in my whole entire life as well as being the absolute bestest and most beautiful wife in the whole entire multiverse and beyond is an experience i'm absolutely ecstatic to have had such an incredible time (regardless of in-n-out and its staff at this location's downsides) with the person that i am so insanely grateful to have met that this was such an unforgettable time in my life.

thanks, in-n-out.笑
Whats not to like. Double Beef Animal Style please! As a east coaster I make an effort to make it to any IN and OUT when traveling out west.笑
Best burger in the country! We come to the west coast just to eat here. Excellent! Get a four by four or double double animal style. So good!笑
Being somewhat new to the area, this was my first In-N-Out experience.
Upon entering, there was a long line of hungry customers. However, the line went by fast. The cashier was so upbeat and friendly. First thing she said was a cheery "Hi how are you!" You don't get that kind of happy customer service at other fast food places.

I had perused the "secret" menu before coming here, so I knew what I wanted -- cheeseburger, animal style. The cashier suggested a "combo" so I ordered that. It came with fries and a medium drink.

Considering that everything is cooked up fresh, the wait wasn't too long. The cheeseburger was wonderful to look at - fresh, bright and tempting. One bite and I was in heaven~  The fries on the other hand were just so-so.

For the price, quality, and service, In-N-Out surely beats other fast food joints.笑
The people who gave this below 4 stars must of accidentally walked into Mcdonalds.....

As a UNLV student this is just a 10 second walk from my classes, They food is hot and always fresh and the burgers are juicy with great sauce. I've been to some great burger places in NYC but still non have surpassed In-N-Out for me!笑
This In n Out is probably the same as any In n Out you've ever been to. The service was swift and the staff were nice and the venue was clean. 
I was also hungover to the gills, so I'm pretty sure this burger saved my life! It's right by the Nevada University though so it's often really really busy.笑
After a disappointing visit to Habit Burger, which is an overpriced fake In-n-Out, I was happy to come back home to the real thing. I swear to never stray again. I don't care if my fingers smell of onions for the rest of the day, even after washing them over and over... Lol that just reminds me of how bomb my burger was. :) happy customer!笑
My husband and I had kept this all time classic place for the last day of our time in Vegas. We took a cab as it was a good 20 minutes drive from be strip where we were staying and spent most of our time at, and it was totally worth it!! In and out screams old world charm with it s neatly wrapped burgers and fresh hand cut fries, and a big sign board which is hard to miss. We went all the way and got two orders of the animal burger with animal fries and a medium drink. Our total bill was $18 which wasnt bad at all for the quality of food we got! A person ordering before us went REALLY specific with his order (wanting 6 slices of tomato, medium grilled cheese with well done patty etc etc) and the server was more than happy to oblige, taking his demands on with a smile. A big 5 for the service and the same for food!! Miss having it on the East coast!笑
I had heard great things about this place, so when we came to visit, this was on my list of things to do.  I have to say that I was really disappointed with this experience.  The hamburger I had was nothing special, and the fries were just awful. I gave this a 2, as I was able to at least eat it, if not enjoy it.笑
I would go here every day of my life if there was still In-N-Out nearby. It was great to have right by campus, and the employees were always exceptionally pleasant.笑
I didn't always like this. For the longest time I had a huge distaste for In N Out..but recently my taste's have changed. When I want a great cheeseburger I have been coming here the last few times and I really like it.  There are a few things that I really like, it's extremely clean which I love. You can see the kitchen sparkle!!! It's cheap..we got 4 cheeseburgers, 2 fries and 2 drinks for $15! 

I don't like the fries too much...they get kind of hard and crunchy once they get cold. Their milkshakes are awesome!!笑
Everyone knows it.  In-N-Out is the best fast food joint ever, period.  Whenever I have friends in town not from an In-N-Out market they invariably ask to go here and rarely are they disappointed.

I like a regular cheeseburger with spread and light lettuce only (I'm a purist) and I can't remember a single time they've gotten my order wrong.  Everything is always so good, and their bread is so killer.  Their secret menu (which isn't so secret anymore since they put it on their website) makes ordering fun (vegetarian friend?  you can still go to In-N-Out, tell them to get a grilled cheese.  they're totally tasty!) and anything done Animal Style is about the best thing in the world.  (Ge here for the secret menu: http://www.in-n-out.com/secretmenu.asp)

Apparently their fries might be an acquired taste, but I love the crap out of them.  I love the option you're given of wanting to eat it in your car or in a bag.  I love that if you say 'in the car,' you get a lap mat.

Man, who doesn't love In-N-Out?笑
I gave this location 4 stars and the Sahara location 5 because of my experience at this one was not as good as it should've been.my fault, not the staff's.

The lovely Esther was a very friendly cashier and the line of 6 people ahead of me was very fast.Food came out very quickly(my usual double double animal style, fries and root beer) and was delish.

the only bad part about the experience was eating indoors.to me, In-N-Out is not a sit-down kinda place.It was meant to be eaten in a car, with music playing and burger juices dripping all over the seat and steering wheel.I'm sorry I had to learn that the hard way....笑
Double double monster style with monster style fries. To drink...monster style, just pour that magical sauce right into a cup and I'll drink that too.

"To fries or not to fries...", this is the one lacking part of the meal, however, order your fries extra crispy monster style for a pleasant surprise.笑
I'm not quite sure what I'm going to do when I move back to the east coast! Protein style burgers are my favorite thing about In & Out! They are so so good! 

This location pretty much always has a line but it's worth it! Ask for the special sauce on the side if you don't like it to be dripping ;)

Check out the secret menu online for some cool new things to order笑
This is one of the main reasons why I gained so much weight when I lived in Las Vegas, it's so close to UNLV campus!

I absolutely love In-N-Out. A lot of people would say this place is overrated but as someone who lives in Seattle and has no source to these awesome hamburgers and often dreams of double doubles with animal fries, I can tell you that this place is the real deal.  

I can only fantasize until the day one of these places opens up in Washington, till then I still think of you secretly.

SO WANTY.笑
What can you say?????   Ive been to 6 contries and all over the USA. This is the best fast food burger in the world.笑
Damnit. I read the first few reviews and I was whisked away to a far, far away dream land of crisp lettuce, animal style burgers, and fresh made potato fries!

Then I remembered I was a vegetarian for 3 of the 4 years I lived in Las Vegas. No problem, the off -menu grilled cheese (FYI, I had heard that they used to avoid cross contamination, but I believe they now have to make the grilled cheese on the same griddle as the meat - so keep that in mind if you're hard-core) is always a good simulacrum of In-n-Out goodness for vegetarians. The oozing melted cheese slices fondling the intricate crevasse created by the folds of the crisp lettuce and a layer of fresh piquant onions with that freshly sliced tomato and special sauce. Mmmmmm.......

Agreed. This is hands down one of the best fast food chain burger joints out there with everything made fresh to order. This ain't no Mickey D's!

Avoid this place during the lunch rush - esp. when UNLV's in session. Otherwise, it's best when you arrive a bit earlier (11am) or later in the afternoon (after 2pm). Also good after you've been trolling down Maryland Pkwy and the local bars across the street and just need something to soak up the ethanol (C&A, Freaking Frog, Yayo's, etc.)!笑
Just flew in, my wife starving. Craving an in n out burger since we left Denver this morning. Got here and was greeted at the door by a young man working the dining room.  He opened the door with a huge smile! Then as we waited for our burgers, he noticed it was taking a little longer than usual and he went to check on our food and even delivered it to our table and apologized for the long wait.. simply amazing! Never has this happened at an In n out in all the years I've been coming. He did not have to do this, but he did it and with a smile!  Great way to begin our Lil get away! His name is Matt!! Thank you for the great service, Matt!笑
Really, it doesn't matter where you are, In-N-Out Burger is the best fast food. The burgers are perfect, and the bun is toasted ever so slightly. The veggies are fresh, and you can actually SEE the people chopping the potatoes up to make french fries. They have the best shakes in the world, too.笑
Grew up around the corner from the original In-N-Out in So Calif. So, the smell and taste of the burgers always makes me nostalgic for home. Reminds me of Sundays with my family sitting on the stone benches in the southern california sun enjoying the juicy burgers.

Best fast food burger I've ever found. I always get the double-double with cheese and onions and a side of fries, all for less than six dollars! Cant beat the price or the flavor. I actually crave their burger and fries.

And, the nicest customer service in any drive thru I have encountered in Las Vegas.
You guys Rock!笑
This is one of my favorite In-N-Out locations in the Vegas valley.  I used to frequent this location all the time when I attended UNLV and now normally only go here when I'm on or near the strip.  I much prefer this location over their Tropicana location because the patrons at the Tropicana location are usually drunk and rowdy tourists.  No thanks, I'll drive an extra few minutes to this one for a more enjoyable dining experience.  This location is always spotless and clean, the staff always friendly and fast.  
 
In-N-Out has a small and basic menu, but what they do have on their menu they always do so well.  The burgers I order are always very juicy, the buns always toasted to perfection, fries are always crispy (you can request extra crispy if you are in the mood), milkshakes always the perfect balance of sweetness.  The spread they use on their burgers are on a whole other level and are to die for.  I usually get the #1 meal which is a double-double burger (two patties) I opt to get my burger with the grilled onions on top too.  The meal comes with fries and a drink too all for $7.41 tax included.  If you've never been to In-N-Out before stop what you are doing and come here now.  I will always be a diehard In-N-Out fan through and through!笑
I was in the area running errands with my mom. We were both hungry and it was around 6 and I asked her if we could stop here. My mom and I are on a more healthy diet and coming here kind of threw us off but you know it would have been longer going home and preparing something ourselves. 

I don't always have my mom pay for my food but without her saying anything I had a feeling she wanted to do it because I had bought breakfast, lunch and dinner for her several times within the last few weeks (all spaced out of course). It was a great night because I got to spend some quality time with just my mom. I truly enjoy it but the burgers are INSANE good and the fries well I think they are healthier than McDonalds or Burger King.笑
After moving from California to New York 8 months ago, I've had to deal with the complete lack of In-N-Out deliciousness.  Sure New York has plenty of great alternatives, but nothing is a replacement for In-N-Out.

There's not much to say about this particular location... except its nice and close to the airport and the two times I went there was almost no line (which I've never experienced in CA).

VEGETARIANS:  Order a "Grilled Cheese Animal Style" and some fries and you're set!笑
This In n Out location is going to get a 4 star strictly because of the demographic it attracts. It's basically located on UNLV's campus so at any point throughout the day you might experience some real obnoxious students. Other than that, it's always clean and serves one of the best burgers I've ever had.笑
What can I say?  The double double animal style is the bomb!!  The fries are a bit soft but get them to make the fries animal style and its all good!  Great burgers and great prices!笑
This is great place to eat. The food is fresh, cheap, and flavorful. Not to mention the a lure of the place as a rare fast food joint. Don't forget to Google their secret menu!笑
Om nom-nom-nom-nom... In-N-Out Burger is so freaking good! If you go to Vegas and you live somewhere where there isn't an In-N-Out Burger YOU MUST GO!!!笑
This was not a rewarding experience.  I walked over from the Atomic Museum through the campus of UNLV.  

I had seen some hamburger glory at the end of my road.  I waited in line.  They were expedited the orders through the drive thru.  

I waited more.

I finally got my cheese burger.  It was not worth my wait or my walk.  Not super bad, but not worth going out of the way for.笑
Get it Mustard Grilled. 

In N Out! nothing can be said that hasn't already. EAT, LOVE, EAT.笑
Ah In-N-Out Burger, my own little burger heaven that I miss so dearly from the cold East coast.

I had to go to In-N-Out Burger as my final meal in Vegas. I got into my cab and told him "The closest In-N-Out Burger to the airport please." His reaction was less than enthusiastic but I am the customer and I get what I want (within reason of course). 

I walked in with suitcase and carry-on in arm, went straight up to the cashier and ordered my college favorite:

Cheeseburger Animal Style WITH whole grilled onions, fries and a chocolate milkshake.

(Which is about... what, probably one million calories? To quote almost every rapper out there, "I don't give a ____!")

I don't care how long I've lived in NYC for, I still love my In-N-Out so much. The fries are just so fresh. Onions grilled and caramelized. Animal sauce dripping everywhere. Shake so thick that it's really hard to suck out through my straw.... uh hem. All of this quality I can taste and it only came out to $6.38... TAKE THAT SHAKE SHACK.

Fifteen minutes of foodgasms later and I was ready to leave for the airport. 

Till next time In-N-Out, I love you and miss you already.


----------------------------------------------------------------------
My personal side story:


If you are a visiting out of towner, do not do what I did. I honestly thought I was going to miss my flight because I had a cab drop me off here so I could enjoy my burger in peace. Unbeknownst to me that unlike NYC, Vegas cabs are not allowed to be hailed on the side of the road... So here I  am waiting at an In-N-Out for a cab that I called in because I could not for the life of me get any of the cabs driving by to pull over on this random road.

15 minutes passes... nothing.

I call the cab company and they said they have NO record of my request so I resubmit it.

Then another 15 minutes...

Then another 30 minutes...

At this point I have been waiting for a cab for an hour, my flight is in an hour and I am freaking the f*** out!!!

Luckily one man dropping off someone else earlier saw me and actually came back to get me. Thank you taxi man!!! Ironically enough my flight ended up being delayed TWO HOURS because of the one thunderstorm that happens once a summer in Vegas... so everything was fine.

So there, that was my full In-N-Out Burger story from Vegas. Enjoy.笑
For under 5 bucks you can get the best burger and fries combo, with a drink, that you will ever have. If you are from the east coast, or really any state other than California, Arizona, or Nevada, you need to go here. I highly recommend this one over the one off the strip behind the Excalibur just because that one is usually very busy, this one is not as much, more so for the college students and locals, even though it is not that far off the strip. but in terms of quality, all In N Outs are all about the same. They never get your order wrong, they all speak English (and clearly!) and the food is one of a kind good.笑
Every time I go here the wait is 30min drive through. Should be called "In and Wait" idk these people are doing because every-time there's a full staff. There are plenty of better burger joints to go to for a quicker wait and better quality burger笑
As a student at UNLV, I have a lot of food options. In the Student Union alone there are a few solid options (Metro Pizza, Panda Express, Subway...), plus the options within a block of campus (Jimmy John's, Aloha Kitchen, Chipotle...). Still, given all those tasty options, In N Out is the place to go. 

In N Out has the perfect combination of factors that I look for in a place to grab food: the wait is relatively short, the food is great, and prices are reasonable. Plus, they're consistently good - unlike some of the other places nearby where you sometimes get a great meal and sometimes don't (cough Chipotle cough). 

Now, let me get into what you should order in case you don't already know: Double Double, fries (animal style) and a shake. Sure, it's like 1500 calories altogether... but man you won't regret it at all. The burgers are really, really good, the cheese is perfectly melty, the onions and lettuce and tomatoes are perfect, and the bun is great, too. It's awesome. The fries, too, are probably the best fries you're gonna get. You can watch them cut and fry them, so you know how fresh they are. 

Also, I love that this place is so close to campus. I mainly stay in the BEH building, so I'm already pretty close to Maryland Pkwy, which makes me extra close to In N Out. Win.笑
WE love this place!!!  Beef patties that never been frozen, fresh cut fries, and unbeatable price. -- What's not to love?!  Quick and fulfilling lunch for sure if you are just in the mood to get full and satisfied real fast in Vegas.  High recommended.笑
What can I say that hasn't been said about In-N-Out.... It is AWESOMELY DELICIOUS!!! I like this location by UNLV better than the one off of Flamingo & Dean Martin Drive. That location is for the tourist who didn't rent a car or didn't check google maps for other locations. I like to order my burgers here animal style which is their special sauce that resembles thousand island dressing with cooked onions. If you get a chance to go to an In-N-Out burger, get onto the internet to see the special menu.笑
My entire family ate lunch here, and we ALL got sick after. So if you like paying money to get food poisoning, then this is the right place. I will NOT be returning to this place. ever.笑
Went with business associates after a meeting as the thing to do. The prices were very reasonable. The fries were freshly cut. The hamburger was all fresh. My shake was so thick I had to scoop it out with the straw!笑
Great burgers as always and a convenient location on campus. Staying with friends at the Hard Rock  it took some east coast friends who never had the pleasure of tasting this West Coast treat. Animal style all around and as always a satisfying visit..That's what a hamburgers , all about!笑
In-n-Out never fails to deliver, no matter what location you choose.  The staff here are cheerfully devoted to their craft, and the food is spot-on.  Every so often they will get an order wrong, but it generally gets corrected before it gets across the counter or all the way through the drive-through window.笑
I finally tried in-n-out and can proudly say I am a shake shack fan. I ordered the strawberry milkshake and grilled cheese sandwich. The strawberry milkshake made me want to go to McDonald for a mcflurry. It tasted so fake! As for the sandwich, this was the only thing on the menu that didn't have meat. It only comes with 2 slices of cheese so I request for double (a total of 4 slices) and ugh. People pay for this? I can make better grilled cheese sandwiches!笑
My boyfriend had been waiting a long time to go here and he said the birders were just average. I had the fries and they were good.笑
I was convinced, by the Man, to give In-n-Out a second try.  So, since we were in Vegas, we did.

We got there at Lunch Rush... and this location is right next to UNLV.

Be forewarned.  

The place was packed in like sardines, with people oozing everywhere.

So.  We ordered.  Animal Burgers.  Animal Fries.  

Waited about 15-20 minutes for our food.  (Seriously??)

I actually watched our burgers "sit" on the counter (there are no heat lamps here, people) while our fried were prepared.  For a good 3-4 minutes they sat there.  

Suffice it to say this place could use some serious expo-of-food-organization help.

Anyway.  The food, for what is is ($7.50) was fine fast food fare, as it was the first time we tried In-n-Out.  The fries this time were hot, though, and tasted better under their onslaught of melted processed cheese slice, cooked onions, and thousand islan... Uh, I mean "Spread."

Other than that?  It's a Fast Food Place.  They may rave about their "Fresh Cut" fries and their "Never Frozen Beef"... but I still wouldn't eat one of their patties on its' own, without the helping hand of a LOT of cheese, bun, and "spread."

So.  It is what it is.  I'd eat it again, but I don't forsee any insurmountable cravings for In-n-Out any time soon.笑
first off do not attempt to walk from the strip. it's scary walking by the freeway. oh and if you go from 12-1pm it's nutty at this location, but so damn good! everything is so fresh. although having been raised on 5 guys i'd have to say the make better fries, but the animal style is def the way to go!笑
this has got to be the best location the burgers are the best  the people that work there are good at what they do i would recommend it to eveyone笑
What can I say, we don't have it at home so we eat as much as we can when we're hear ! LOL
I think it's the meat to bun ratio that makes it taste good.
I wish we had one in our city ! We be back !笑
Couldn't leave my Yelp review trail without a write-up of In-N-Out - the fine burger establishment - this place is all it needs to be, and you can be assured no matter which one you go to in any state - you will get the same quality food and service at any one.

Double-Double with grilled onions cannot be beat by any burger chain, and few gourmet burger joints.  Fries are simple, fresh and just damn good.

Service is always friendly, they keep the place clean, and staff always seems to be in good spirits and well treated by management/owners.

I have never encountered a simple fast food chain with these types of qualities, In-N-Out has a winning formula.笑
Exactly as expected from an In-N-Out!  Fresh and friendly faces and always busy!  Gotta get your food animal style (kinda like Mac sauce). Neapolitan shakes are the bomb!笑
Adapted from an earlier review of this place:

I teetered between giving this place 3 or 4 stars.

I like that they have a very limited menu. You have 4 options: burger, fries, soda and/or shakes. That limited menu allows for food to be made fresh and people too be served quickly.  I guess that is why they named the place in and out burger.  

You can tell they are using quality meat, and not filler meats like other places.  You also can tell that they use fresh produce.  It was cool watching the guy peel potatoes for their fries.

I have to admit one thing though, the burger is too small for my liking. I ordered the 2 meat, 2 cheese burger, a.k.a. the double-double, and actually had room for another burger.  Fries are average. You will not see this restaurant's fries in your grocery freezer like some other places has it for themselves!  Shakes are decent but small as well. 

Finally got around to trying the lemonade, and nothing special about it.

Two things make this a 4 star experience for me.  This first thing is them starting, to my knowledge, the secret menu!  I like ordering things animal style and doing the different variations that comes about from the secret menu.  Try eating a 4X4 burger...I enjoyed that all by itself!  The second thing is there is not an In-N-Out Burger franchise anywhere in Louisiana nor Houston.  Rarity gets them that extra star over a normal fast food chain.笑
Yes it's a fast food joint, but hot damn are their burgers fantastic. I tend to get plain cheeseburgers so you better have some juicy and good meat and this place delivers. However, I wasn't all that impressed with their fries. I mean, they aren't anywhere close to being as good as Portillo's fries, but then few places can match those fries. 

Also, the place is clean. All gleaming white, the tables were spotless, and the bathrooms didn't give me crabs.笑
It's IN N OUT good...that's what I use to praise other food places that's really good. So that says it all. ANIMAL STYLE!!!笑
Soul soothing good on every level of dirty-ness.

I am so glad that we don't have In-N-Out up here in the great white north, as it wouldn't be as fun to gorge myself on each visit south.

That's it!
Yum.

My soul thanks you once again.笑
Cheap, made-to-order burgers featuring fresh ingredients?  Yes please!  Very busy during the school year, so visit accordingly.笑
It's the In n Out that I had spent many years at during my time at UNLV. Many Animal Style fries and cheeseburgers later, I feel I owe it to the good folks of In-n-Out to review them . And while their prices have gone up, I can always count on them and this location to provide me with some hot, artery clogging goodness. 

In-n-Out you are truly in a class of your own.笑
We had so many out-of-town guests this past weekend during our wedding events, we decided to do In-n-Out for rehearsal dinner and our guests loved it!  We walked in the restaurant around 6pm on a Friday and there was no line.  I warned our cashier that "this might sound crazy...but we need like 50 meals..." and she didn't even bat an eye.  She was super calm and professional and just went "ok, what do you need?".  It was amazing!  

She took our order for different burger varieties, gave us sides of grilled onions and secret sauce, and we returned to the mansion within 30 minutes!!!  Thank you for the BEST REHEARSAL DINNER EVER!笑
N-o-M, N-o-M, N-o-M, N-o-M! Being from Chicago this was my first In-N-Out (Burger)! Aww, they were so nice to our big group of clueless Inny Outty virgins, big props!

And the burgers (Double Double, natch) and fries were tasty! Mere steps from the UNLV campus, they keep the dining area clean and the line moving! Thanks for being my first, I'll never forget you!笑
I'm actually quite impressed by this location. There were 5 cars in front of me and I expected to be waiting for around 10 minutes. However, from the moment I ordered my food to receiving it, it took around 5-7 minutes, which I find impressive knowing everything is made fresh. 

This locations doesn't skimp on anything. They game me extra banana peppers, extra pickles and extra in n out spread. 

Thank you for this quick and amazing service!笑
The best thing about In & Out other than their burgers which I look forward to when I come to this establishment is their fries......what the hell happened here.   This In & Out in this location had the baddest tasting fries I've ever tasted.  It didn't at all taste how an In & Out fries is suppose to taste like. The burgers are still good though.  Things not on the menu that you can order is protein style burgers (lettuce substituting that buns) and animal style fries.

Very crowded location because it's across from UNLV.  Competition has opened next door, SMASH BURGER! I love that joint because I used to eat there every time I was in San Diego.  I'll give that a try next time I'm here.  For some reason though, I feel as California In & Outs have better tasting burgers and fries than the ones here in Vegas.  Maybe they need to retrain their cooks again on how to make it.  5 stars in Cali, 3 stars in Vegas.笑
This is one of my favorite locations in all of Las Vegas, not only are they fast and super friendly for locals, but they are super super friendly to my pet pug!  this will always be my choice location笑
Conveniently located next to UNLV, always expect this location to be busy busy busy. I mean cmon, you've got a university full of people from the east coast who've never had In N Out before! 

This location never fails me. They're always fast, nice, and clean. Also very accurate with my order (because I am needy). I usually get a number 2, with no onions, buns extra toasted, extra spread, extra tomato, chopped chilis, and the fries done light well (you know how they have flimsy fries, well this way they're a bit crispier, and not as hard as if you would order it extra crispy- that makes them either hard as rock or stiff like potato chips). Pink lemonade is a must! And ketchup with pepper mixed (and a splash of chili juice) is the way to go.

Ugh I'm drooling and craving once again.笑
Looking for a good burger from perfect ingredients with a really low price?
You found it!
Also great more healthy fries than in other places, great tasting milkshake and i would also recommend a protein style burger its from the secret menu and it means burger has no buns and its inside a salad leaf... try it!

Im also amazed by the service quality i get, ive been there in so random hours and the workers are always smiling and fun to talk with!笑
Best burgers for under $5.  This is a westcoast establishment so if you're a tourist or just visiting the west coast this is a great place to grab a quick bite.  Everything is fresh and staff are always friendly.  My favorite burger chain hands down.笑
My husband and I visit this In-N-Out every 4-5 weeks or so to satiate our "Animal Style" cravings. I won't reiterate on what to order, just know that whatever special order you dream up, they'll get it correct every single time. The staff is always so polite and their work ethic is always top notch. Be prepared to wait 4-5 minutes for an inside order and around 7-8 minutes in the drive thru if you come during dinner or lunch rush. Worth it to get a well constructed burger just how I ordered it. :) The only complaint I could ever have is that their tomatoes are always mealy-textured, like not ripe enough. It must be their supplier because it's the same thing at every store. During the school year, the place is understandably packed with UNLV students; as such it has a really wonderful energy. It's my favorite In-N-Out location!笑
Hubby and I made the pilgrimage to In-N-Out after hearing so many great things about it.  We don't have any on the east coast, so we took advantage of our trip to Las Vegas to try it out.  Amazingly, this one was within walking distance (albeit a long and circuitous walk) of our hotel.  

The burgers and fries were okay, but this was not an "OMG, BEST BURGERS EVER" kind of experience.  Yes, they do a better job than Burger King, McDonalds, and the like, but that's not saying much, is it?  

What I liked:  The toasted buns, the burger's flavor, and the fries (like McDonald's but more potatoey)
What I didn't like:  The unbelievable busy-ness of the place, the lack of anyone cleaning tables as people left.  

At home, we have Five Guys.  In-N-Out is similar, but certainly no better.笑
The east-coast colleague of mine was dying to have some In-N-Out burgers so we decided to get some.

This location is right next to UNLV so it's packed with students and everyone else being enticed by the signature waft from the single-mile radius.

Got the double double animal style and everyone was more than satisfied.笑
It pains me to give In-N-Out only 3 stars but I wasn't blown away by their burgers. :( 

Being a burger lover, the topic of "the best burger I ever ate" always comes up and I would ALWAYS hear how good In-N-Out's burgers were. Well the time FINALLY came this past weekend during my Vegas trip to taste the mighty In-N-Out burgers. I was so excited that I convinced my friends to have our taxi driver swing by the drive thru straight from the airport (thx for the tip btw fellow Yelpers!). I had done my research and decided to order a cheeseburger (animal style), fries, & a drink. The trip to the hotel was a painful one since I decided to wait until we got there to devour my meal. Once I bit into the burger, my heart sank - it was just ok. My friends advised that perhaps it was due to the fact that I had hyped myself up so much. Maybe during my next West Coast trip I'll give it another try, but for now Shake Shack & Five Guys' burgers still reign supreme for me!笑
I make it a point to go to the In-n-out burger everytime I go west ,I love the double double with fries it's so good its hard to believe it's fast food ,expect to wait a few minuets during lunch time it dose get busy but totaly worth the wait!笑
I absolutely love In N Out anywhere (except the one in Pacific Beach, which sucks), but this one was amazing. My wife and I were both blown away at how good it is. Every time I go to Vegas I have to eat at a few In N Outs on the drive up and while there. The one on the drive up was just okay, but this one was so flavorful and fresh. They put a grip of veggies on both my burgers and it was just sooooo goooood! Glad we skipped hooters for it! Short drive from the strip. Entertaining little neighborhood.笑
My favorite fast food place!  Wish we had these in the east coast.  That would be grand.笑
YES! I love this place! This is the best in n out in vegas for sure! The service is fast and the food is blissful! Every time I come to vegas I go to this In N Out and it is perfect! 

Even with the high volumes they keep the speed of service at a good pace.笑
Not much to say that hasn't been said by others. This is your run of the mill In-N-Out, but run of the mill In-N-Outs are fantastic.

I got a burger, fries, and a shake. The burger was exactly what I expected--really tasty and satisfying. Fries were great and the shake was the best shake I've ever had. They get it so creamy--not to the point where it's hard to drink, though.

I wish we had these in North Carolina. Best part of the west coast!笑
Always get a good meal at In-And-Out Burger whenever I'm traveling out west. It's my favorite burger joint west of the Mississippi.笑
Omg omg omg!  I live 2000 miles away from the closest In and Out Burger. What a treat it is when I get to indulge at this place. They were super friendly here and got my food right away.  I didn't have to ask for anything they packaged up my food to go with condiments and proper utensils.  This place gets the importance of good customer service. Plus the food is just so damn good!笑
This is the 1st stop after we get out of the airport. Love those great cheeseburgers and fries. My sister says the shakes are great . This establishment is always clean, friendly employees. Their patrons are friendly since we have always been able to strike up a conversation with fellow dining patrons. Maybe it's just the thrill of being in Vegas, but these are great burgers!