Je suis Française. Et je connais la Bretagne. Et aussi les crêpes bretonnes. Et franchement, je ne vois pas comment une crêperie peut se prévaloir d'être Bretonne et ne même pas offrir des crêpes au beurre salé, ou au caramel de beurre salé ou encore à la crème de caramel au beurre salé. Non vraiment c'est un scandale! Une crêpe bretonne sans rien dedans qui ait à voir avec du beurre salé, c'est un peu comme une Bigouden sans sa coiffe : c'est peut être très bien, mais c'est pas Breton!
Bon, sinon, si j'arrête de faire ma mauvaise tête trente secondes, je dirai que oui, dans l'ensemble, c'est pas trop mal...笑
I have lunch here every time I'm in Montreal.  The onion soup is amazing, and now they even do a mini, which is more than enough for anyone.  I love the side salad, and the dressing--with garlic--that's served along with the crepes at lunch.  Favourite crepes--apples and ice creme, mushrooms and cheese, asparagus. I've always had a great experience (except for the time that I got a ticket on Mentana, that I never should have gotten.  I was totally legal).笑
Si vous voulez l'ambiance chaleureuse de la Bretagne, ok! Si vous voulez retrouver certains éléments de cette région, ok! Ils ont mis le paquet sur la décoration, je suis d'accord et je trouve ça très esthétique. Bon les paquets d'oeufs vides qui recouvraient tout le plafond du resto est à discuter, mais bon ;) Quoi qu'il en soit dans la forme, c'est ok. 

Cependant, c'est dans le fond que le bât blesse. Les crêpes sont bonnes, mais rien de transendant. Elles sont très fines et croustillantes comme elles doivent l'être, mais elles n'ont pas tellement le goût de sarrasin... Le cidre... hum... j'ai connu mieux. Je vais être tatillonne, mais le cidre n'était pas servi dans un bollet. C'était servi dans un verre de vin classique. Donc ça cassait un peu la tradition et le fait de se plonger complètement dans l'atmosphère bretonne. Dommage.

La cerise sur le gâteau fut en fin de repas où je me suis rendue compte que la toune qui jouait était de... Nolwenn Leroy! Un élément supplémentaire breton dans toute cette atmosphère. C'était assez drôle de finir le souper de cette manière.笑
This creperie has been around for many years for good reason as the food is super tasty and the servers are friendly and competent. We ordered the French onion soup and crepes with gruyere and apples. The soup was really good I loved how they let it bubble over the edges and it gets crisp and brown. The crepes were crispy, cheesy and the apples added a bit of bite. All the food we had was delicious. 

The only thing I would change would be to give the old place a bit of a facelift.笑
Un peu décue par la salade, la fameuse salade. Peut-être que je m'attendais à trop puisqu'on m'avait vanté les mérites.

Surprise de ne pas retrouver la crêpe au beurre salé, un classique breton.

Sinon, oui, j'ai bien aimé, un bon service笑
We had a lovely dinner here. The space is quaint and intimate, the staff is friendly, and all of the good was fantastic. Pricing was reasonable, so that was also a plus. And if you don't speak french they can help you out with some English. Consider trying the crepes and the snails. You'll love them!笑
I had high hopes for this crepperie, since it claimed to follow the traditional Bretton recipes.  While not horrible, I was not impressed.  Crepes were dry, cidre was weird, beer selection non existent, and the crepes were not true Sarrasin.  A buckwheat melange that ended up dry and unsavoury.  In a pinch I would go because it's a friendly place, otherwise from a gastronomic standpoint this joint is not so.笑
La crêpe est vraiment croustillantes et ayant une saveur très naturelle. J'ai commandé celui de porc et pomme( j'ai jamais pensé de mettre ces deux ensemble mais c'était vraiment bon). La salade de carottes à côté était aussi très fraîche. La serveuse est très nice. Sauf que la soupe a l'oignon est trop salée. Tout était pas mal.笑
I came here for the first time in June 2012 with some French (from France) friends and, having first tasted a crêpe in Brittany, appreciated the availability of buckwheat flour (sarrasin) pancakes and cidre brut. I returned on Friday because my daughter wanted to celebrate her birthday in a crêperie. There are numerous places in Montreal that serve savoury pancakes, but few that have buckwheat flour, or even unsweetened wheat batter. There's nothing worse than ham and cheese wrapped up in a sweet crêpe.

The decor is extremely twee but gives the place some atmosphere, I suppose. The menu gives you plenty of suggestions but you can compose your own crêpe. I like the option since I always go for the traditional ham, egg and cheese, but miss vegetables. This way I get to add asparagus and feel less guilty.

We drank the traditional cider but, as mentioned by some French contributors, it was not served in the traditional Breton ceramic bowl, which is disappointing. Desserts were great. They even had a special birthday crêpe, served in a bowl with fruit and chantilly and a birthday sparkler.

Service was ok but a bit slow. To be honest, they didn't really have enough staff. But they were friendly and efficient.

All in all, it's not bad. A crêpe is hardly a gourmet experience, and while I've certainly had better (in France), this does the trick for when I'm craving that taste.笑
The waitress was very rude. I guess she didn't like the fact that I was speaking English? Whatever it was she had RBF. The crepes were extremely poor. Who puts a sweet Bechamel sauce on a savory crepe? After she forgot the ham on mine, she became super nice, then told me she tried to take off the entire crepe from the bill but they wouldn't let her. My girlfriend ordered the same and ate half because she was hungry. Why should we buy food just to be full? We were expecting to enjoy the crepes. Maybe we should've tried sweet crepes because the savory seemed too difficult for the chef. Don't go with high expectations.笑
The crepes were very dry (overcooked), the mushrooms tasteless and unsliced.
The crepes have no finesse.

While the service was good, the food was pathetic.

Avoid this place.笑
Ty-Breiz est devenue au fil des années la référence montréalaise en terme d'authenticité bretonne, à savoir, les crêpes repas et dessert. Et pourtant, j'ai réussi à ne pas aimer mon assiette! Il faut préciser que c'est entièrement ma faute, et non la leur. J'avais commandé une crêpe repas aux saucisses et je m'attendais à un délice, car c'est bien connu, leur savoir-faire est hors pair. Je prends ma première bouchée et je la recrache aussitôt. Eh oui, moi, pas trop féru des fromages, venais tout juste de rencontrer l'emmental fondu, fromage suisse fort goûteux que mon corps est incapable d'ingurgiter, indispensable de la maison. Je suis donc parti à la chasse aux saucisses. Ma crêpe s'est rapidement transformée en une pâte informe et déchiquetée (peu discret de ma part, j'en conviens). Avoir su, je me serais lancé sur un crêpe dessert au beurre et chocolat, tout autant bourrative, à mon sens.

Le restaurant est aussi reconnu pour sa fameuse soupe à l'oignon gratinée et pour ses pots de vinaigrettes à salade vendus sur place. Leur vinaigrette à l'ail (bourrée d'ail) est vraiment extatique; je la trouve idéale tant pour accompagner les fondues que pour y tremper des lanières de poulet. Je l'ai découverte en mangeant ma géante portion de salade (à vrai dire c'est quasiment une tête de laitue complète) qui est incluse dans le repas...

L'ambiance s'inspire de la Bretagne, avec ses murs en bois, ses tables aux nappes carrelées rouge et blanc et son éclairage tamisé. Les serveurs sont traditionnellement accoutrés. Soyez attentifs aux motifs du plafond concave; on le croirait tapissé d'emballages à œufs en papier recyclé...

-Possibilité de réserver un salon privé pour une trentaine de personnes.笑
Je voulais manger une crêpe bretonne bien de chez nous, j'ai donc essayé cette place.

Pour la déco, rien à redire on s'y retrouve Triskel, décoration en bois et autres. Seul petit hic, qui gâche un peu, le plafond en boite d'œuf, c'est original certes mais hors contexte.

Pour la crêpe et bien c'était bon, pas excellent pas mauvais. La crêpe avait la bonne épaisseur, la garniture était bonne mais, ça ne goûtais pas le sarrasin ... pour une crêpe bretonne ? Pas vraiment normal.

Et autre petit bémol, l'absence de spécialité au caramel beurre salé.笑
This place is authentic & flavorful and the staff makes it an amazing experience. If you are looking for a delicious sweet or savory crepe, this is definitely the place to go! I have been going here for many years and the dishes are always consistent and have never changed! The three things I always order: Salad with the famous garlic dressing (to die for), french onion soup (amazing crispy cheese coating on top), and of course the famous crepes (strawberry and banana is my favorite)!笑
Today was the first time i went there. The food was special. The crust of the crepe was crunchy, the dressing of the salad was too thick. The service was really disappointing.笑
My family loves this place but I've had a couple of bad experiences. It's either really good or really bad. The garlic salad is amazing and their onion soup is out of this world. Their crepes can go both ways (and I only order nutella/chocolate banana so that says A LOT). 

Once went in and they were out of bananas, strawberries, and shrimp. So I ordered nutella/chocolate apple instead of my usual which was very disappointing. I opened up my heated apple and chocolate crepe and found a SAUSAGE link inside. Quite disgusting, really.

My sister usually orders their shrimp plate, but since they were out - literally went next door for sushi as everything else she wanted was out of stock. 

Expect the worst or the best, it's really a toss up!笑
I've been here a few times but for some reason, I haven't reviewed yet. 
Tonight we had crepes and onion soup. The soup was good, but the crepe was, well, not.. And for a restaurant that says they're all about the crepes, I was disappointed. Truth be told, it wasn't my choice to go there, but still. I expect more than a brown square crepe on my plate for $13. 

Server wasn't very friendly either, even after making a mistake on one person's order that caused her to start eating 10 minutes after the others at the table. Not nice, and no offer to make things better. 

Won't be back, if I can help it.笑
Came here around 2 pm and there was only 2 tables occupied so that should of been the first sign. I eat a lot of Crepes and I have to say the texture on these crepes were odd, over cooked and almost to thick to be Considered a true crepe . I got the spinach, ham And Brie and it was so salty and the spinach inside was most definitely previously frozen  which made the whole dish watery. My husband got the smoked salmon ate 3 bites and was done. It just tasted bad and not fresh. I gave it one star for the good service and because the salad and soup starter where good !笑
I've been coming here for years and haven't gotten around to posting a review, but I feel I must as it's been an oversight. 

I have to give a special shout-out the owner and staff for being so kind and helpful to my grandfather for so many years. He loved their onion soup and crepes, and used to come down to meet me for brunch. The staff always went out of their way to help get his wheelchair in and out of the restaurant and to be extra attentive to him. He's been gone for over two years now, and I still continue to have brunch there with his wife regularly and we remember all the good times we had with him. 

The menu is simple and good - Bretonne-style crepes, soups, salad with garlic dressing. It doesn't change much, but that's okay, because the formula for this place is tried-and-true and the customers like it that way. I hope this place never tries to re-invent itself or become "trendy" since it would surely get ruined.

One tip: Please offer real maple syrup standard, rather than only as an optional upgrade. In Quebec, it's just embarrassing for any place to serve the fake stuff.笑
We stopped in here after a fall day in the park. Nothing could have hit the spot better.  The yam soup was great + the scallop, fennel, carrot crepe I had was good BUT the real winner was my date's choice: apple, housemade sausage and emmenthal cheese crepes all covered in syrup... I'm salivating even now just writing this.笑
Had lunch there a few days ago with a family of 4. The kids menu was great. I loved the garlicky salad dressing and the wait staff was friendly. The savory crepes aux sarrasin were ok but not great. We had eggs+cheese, mushrooms and cheese and provencal tomato crepes. 
I'd definitely eat there again but wouldn't go out of my way too far to do so.