HIGHLY recommend this wonderful restaurant. I have been going here for years and have always had an incredible meal. It has been about a year since I was here last, and just went this past Friday. Superb food, creative and fresh. Service by Doug was impeccable. What  a fine gentleman. The cappuccino tort was phenomenal!
Keep up the good work.....you are appreciated!笑
We ate at the Carlton Resturant for birthdays. The staff were efficient, attentive and  courteous. A perfect birthday celebration.笑
Outstanding food and service. Crab cakes were the best I've had anywhere in Pittsburgh. Easy to understand why this restaurant has been at the top for decades.笑
Awesome bartender and cool local vibe at the bar.  I hear the restaurant has a large wine selection as well!笑
I LOVE this place!  It's very "old school" in the decor and atmosphere, which takes me back to the days when elegant restaurants just had that certain look and appeal.  The wait staff is very attentive but not over-bearing.  As far as the food goes, their choices are somewhat limited, but the food is always fresh and the playing is excellent.  
I like the meat dishes more than the seafood although I've tried both and neither is a disappointment.  Portions are fair so you don't leave hungry, but there is still room for dessert.
I recommend the classic cheese cake with a nice cup of coffee after dinner!笑
I've read many reviews for this restaurant and, frankly, the mixed bag has kept me from trying this long time Burgh institution.  We decided to give it a try and made reservations through open table.  We entered and were quickly and pleasantly greeted by the hostess who sat us promptly.  The waiter Bobby presented us with menus, a cocktail menu and the wine list.  First, the wine list is extensive and fantastic; in fact it's one of the best wine lists I have ever come across in a fine dining restaurant.  We ordered a wonderful bottle of Malbec and the presentation by our waiter was first class.  I started with the seafood chowder, in a word, out-freakin-standing!!  Excellent flavor, delicate yet full of flavor.  I ordered the bronzino (Mediterranean Sea bass) it arrived, beautifully presented.  The fish was cooked perfectly, the skin was crispy and the fish was light and flaky.  It was sautéed with lemon, capers and butter and served with whipped potatoes, sautéed French beans and micro herbs.  I'm not sure I could have had a better seafood experience if the ocean was right in front of the place.  This truly was a great meal, I enjoyed every bite.  I am so disappointed we waited so long to try this place.  Based on the meal, service, wine list and dessert I would never, ever hesitate to recommend this place to anyone.  I hope you enjoy as much as I did.  Kudos to The Carlton and its staff...TOP NOTCH!!  Just a side note $167.00 for meal, dessert and wine for 2.笑
We had a good meal but a disappointing experience at dinner last night before the Pens game. The food, as always, was very good, but the service was very poor. The place was overbooked with big holiday party tables and Pens fans. Our server was overwhelmed. I begged several times for a wine list but never actually got one. Remember, this is supposed to be a wine-focused restaurant. It was a disappointing but understandable circumstance. We'll go back, even for Pens pregame dinners, because the parking situation is about as good as it gets - free (with the purchase of a dinner, that is) and close.笑
Overall less than average for the value. Forks smelled like fish and food below average.笑
My husband and I frequently go here for very special occasions.  The food is excellent and the service is outstanding from Janet at the front desk to the waiter, Michael.  Last evening we and friends celebrated our anniversaries.  If you want to have a memorable evening, go to the Carleton.笑
Came here for restaurant week and enjoyed our meal but we weren't blown away. Our waiter was attentive but it always seemed like he was flustered and in a hurry even though the restaurant was half full. 

We started out with the salmon ravioli and chicken bruschetta. Both were decent but nothing incredible. For our entree my husband got the filet and I got the grouper. His filet was delicious, perfectly cooked. My grouper was a bit bland but went well with the tomato asparagus accompaniment. We both had the bread pudding for dessert and weren't impressed-definitely not your New Orleans bread pudding! 

Overall, we had a nice night and didn't leave feeling overly full like you can in other restaurants. We were both satisfied but not blown away to the point where we feel like we have to go back.笑
There are so many mixed reviews here! I'll take it to mean that the variance is pretty high and that we got lucky. We stopped in for the Restaurant Week lunch, which was generously priced for a restaurant of this caliber (similar to The Capital Grille). We made a reservation, although it seemed like it was unnecessary. Service was pretty standard from checking in all through our meal. We started with a crab bisque for the first course, which was very tasty and contained surprisingly many pieces of seafood. It went well with the bread as well.

The main course was an amazingly tender and flavorful piece of prime rib cap, along with some asparagus, tomato, and buttered rice. The prime rib was unbelievably tender---it came apart easily and also had great texture. And it was done perfectly (I got medium rare). The sides were fine, though the rice was probably a bit too rich. The desserts were standard options of a bread pudding or a chocolate espresso cake, both of which were quite good. 

Great move by The Carlton to offer this option for Restaurant Week!笑
Let's just say my husband and I still continue to speak about the horrible night !! We went for restaurant week.. So we did the 3 course meal for a fixed price .. And the offered a wine pairing so we took advantage of it .. The wine was excellent .. We enjoyed each glass .. However.. They never brought our first course .. Came with our dinner plates and we indicated we never had our appetizers .. The waiter took our dinner plates away .. And brought our appetizers which were very good !!! Remind you this was an hour after being sat !! Luckily we had the wine to hold us over .. However .. For dinner .. I had the Beef and Lamb Pot Pie .. And I cannot say how salty it was !! Very salty .. And the two sauces just did not mix .. My husband had the pork chop and indicated it was good but nothing to brag about .. The Banana pudding with whiskey sauce was very good !! However .. All in all.. We agree we would not come back .. And after everything..  not once did a manager come by to apologize for the mix up with the appetizer and entree !!笑
Never have a bad meal.  Everything is always good.  Can't go wrong with this downtown restaurant.  Older crowd, much older.笑
My wife and I dined at the Carlton the evening before Valentine's Day during a getaway weekend in Pittsburgh. It was fair but certainly nothing to write home about, in our opinion. The pricing and overall Yelp rating had our hopes higher, so we were moderately disappointed. I enjoyed the throwback feel of the place, and we did not tap into the extensive wine selection they offered. While our experience was decent, I will look for other options whenever we return to town.笑
Good food, great atmosphere excellent wine list, what more could you ask for. Portions were very generous and the quality of the food was excellent.笑
I had no idea this place was downtown but glad we tried it out for a special Valentine's Day dinner. It was pretty busy for a Friday night and glad we made reservations. The place is huge with plenty of seating although the seats are pretty packed together.  They have a very extensive wine list and you can get 3 different size glasses of wine. I went with beer and ordered the Full Pint White Lightening.  The bread they brought out was pretty basic and I went with the tossed salad to start with minus the mushrooms and dressing on the side.  I wasn't the biggest fan of the dressing which was like some sort of thousand island.  My date went with the crab cake-it was an extremely small portion but he enjoyed it.  For my entrée I went with the steak filet and you had your pick of a few sauces and toppings. I went with a blue cheese crumble with steak sauce. The steak was cooked just to my liking and came with a veggie assortment ( I asked for just carrots) and whipped potatoes. All very delicious although the steak was priced at Morton's or Hyde Park prices but did not compare in quality. Also it is just an extra on the menu not sure why a pricey steak would be hidden on the menu. For dessert we went with the Tollhouse cookie with vanilla ice cream which was scrumptious.  Our waitress was great and made the dining experience exceptional.笑
Excellent, friendly service.  Unpretentious menu.  They have very good fish.  

I don't know that I would call it "new American" dining though.  It has a very old school vibe and while the food is good, it isn't extremely inventive, which is part of the appeal to me.  I don't know that I would go out of my way to dine here with my husband or a younger crowd, but it is a great place to go with extended family for a nice occasion.笑
Love this place!  Been there twice.  Keep an eye out for the swordfish, if they have it, order it!  They have an amazing wine selection.  If you can't find what your looking for there, you simply don't know what you want.

Staff is excellent.

Price are high BUT well worth it
.85709笑
Great place and even better service. Our server's name escapes me, but he was young with dark hair. Funny enough his pen ran on his apron pocket and that is the best way I can remember him/describe him. He was excellent and we loved the food. Thank you.笑
We had a fantastic evening! The food was absolutely  delicious...nothing "trendy"...just outstanding quality...loved the old world atmosphere and the incredible service. Our waiter, Bobby, was just wonderful... helping us navigate the wine list, checking into some live music venues for us when we asked (since we are not local).  And when we said we were too full for dessert, he offered a half portion banana cream pie... "on me". I know, it sounds like something you'd order in a diner, but believe me, it was really stellar. One of the best desserts I've ever had.  Bobbie even got us a cab to our next destination. This is how it's done, folks!笑
Never a bad meal at this traditional old-school restaurant in downtown Pittsburgh.  We each had the Prime Rib on Saturday night which was absolutely wonderful.  Flavorful, perfectly cooked and tender as can be.  At $30 which includes potatoes and vegetable, this is worth every penny.  The rest of menu is also reasonably priced and well executed.  One of the best wine lists in Pittsburgh with very fair pricing.  Be warned, this is not the spot to do tequila shots and get goofy.  It's comfortable and refined with professional service.笑
This is definitely one of the more expensive and classier restaurants in downtown Pittsburgh. I came during restaurant week with a group which was a perfect opportunity for me to try multiple things here.

I honestly don't remember what the entree I ordered tasted like, but my crab salad appetizer was a great start to the meal. Pleasantly, the crab to salad ratio was higher on the crab end. It was dressed with a vinaigrette giving the whole salad a very crisp and fresh flavor.

The best part of the meal was the dessert. That probably made me forget what the entree tasted like. Since I came with a group I was able to try their Chocolate Mousse Tart and Capuccunio Torte. Both were rich, chocolaty, and addicting. The Torte also came with this delicious oreo-cookie like crust. 

One plus for this restaurant is you can get your parking garage ticket waived. Free parking in Pittsburgh is a win.笑
Came here during Restaurant Week. The server did not even mention that they were participating in restaurant week and I had to ask for the restaurant week menu. Also, the restaurant was dead for a Thursday evening. This is a fairly large restaurant and only had five tables filled! I should have taken that as a hint. I had the sea bass bites for the entree, however, I feel that the honey mustard sauce somewhat over powered the sea bass. Service was spotty as well. Desert was microwaved bread budding. The only reason that I gave them three stars was for the fact that they have very reasonable wine by the glass pricing with a great selection.笑
I had high expectations based upon reviews and location of the restaurant, but was also hoping the mediocre reviews would be wrong.  I don't think this place knows what it's doing.  There is a strange air of refined elegance that's not backed up by the food whatsoever.  The service was fine, and we were there for an early dinner on a Friday night.  The restaurant was empty, but our server kept telling us that he would be back shortly with the evening's specials.  Then it all made sense.  They insert the specials into their menus directly.. but then he continued to go over each one, pretty much reading the description verbatim.  I found that to be awkward.

Husband and I started out with the lobster and crab gnocchi.  It had plenty of seafood, but the gnocchi was overcooked and the sauce was too heavy and creamy for the dish.  It lacked salt and seasoning. 

We were both in the mood for red meat, so we ended up ordering the NY Strip & Lamb Chops.  The NY Strip is typically topped with blue cheese, but my husband asked for it to be done without. The steak came without the blue cheese - and without any seasoning.  It was one of the blandest steaks we'd ever had, comparable to a steak cooked on the flat top at an Outback Steakhouse.  The steak had no grill marks and came with over-blanched and unseasoned asparagus and very buttery red mashed potatoes. The potatoes should not be the star of the dish.  This is not a $40 dish.  And you can't depend on blue cheese for flavor.

My 3 lamb chops were big, and I asked for the herb butter sauce to come on the side.  Again, no seasoning and no grill marks.  More bland asparagus, and more buttery mashed potatoes.  This is also not a $40 dish.  Huge portions don't make up for the poor quality.

We didn't look at the dessert menu.  At that point, we had a clear idea of what it would be like.

The restaurant advertises itself as an expert in fine dining.  This was a JOKE.  I could also be pretty mean and biased, as this type of fine dining compares to nothing like the fine dining I've had in Philly.  Thoroughly and disappointingly disappointed. 

I should have just went to the Spaghetti Warehouse.笑
Step into what defined classy dining in the 50s and 60s and you entered the 'twilight zone'.  This place reeks of my imaginary world of old money.  Don't get me wrong as I loved this place (I must have arrived in life!). It has great personalized service, extensive wine list, and exceptional first course to dessert was this alive and well in this tired setting.  Needs an upgrade only in the decor.  The rest is perfect.笑
Great food , Great staff , as they are part of the fabric of the place.
The bartender, Dom, the best in the city.笑
This is a good place to take your parents or to have a business event.  The location is right in the city (mellon center).  The bar is relatively small with most seating in old leather chairs and some table tops.  The decor is definitely old school with the wallpaper being golfers in traditional garb in a picturesque (sp?), 1920's scene with girls golfing in dresses.  The rest of the restaurant is dark wood, leather, and white tops.  The servers are dressed in tuxes or suits and in my experience are true professionals.  I have a couple business dinner parties here a year and have always been extremely pleased.  I've never come here on a date and I suggest if you are under 50 there are much better date spots to take your partner.  However, for all its old school charm the menu can be occassionally surprisingly nuanced and fresh.  My favorite is to have the wine dinners here.  The chef truly is talented and always comes up with something surprising and delicious.  Also, props need to be paid to Kevin Joyce for fighting this damn county drink tax.  He also serves some of the best, reasonably priced wine in the city and has been for decades.  I didn't do the wine tasting dinner last night, but instead went a more traditional route offering multiple entree choices.  The dinner starts with either a carlton salad or soup of the day.  The carlton salad looked awesome, romaine, tomatoes, mushrooms, bacon, hard boiled egg and creamy dressing (definitely not for the dieter).  The soup I had last night was the three food groups, those being cheese, bacon, and potatoes.  The soup was obviously heavy, but I found way too salty and in general not a good choice for me.  It sat in my stomach like a sock full of nickels.  Many ordered the seafood wellington, which I've had before and it's another non-dieter dish comprising of pastry, sole, lobster, crab and cheese.  This dish is definitely rich and tasty.  I tried the prime rib, which was about an average tasting non- "prime" prime rib with plenty of marbeling and cooked well enough.  However, I've had just as good prime rib if not better at Outback.  The most delicious presentation goes to the veal portabello which is sauteed veal with capers adn mushrooms, whipped potatoes and a nice tomato beurre blanc.  Sadly, I didn't get a chance to try this.  I was told it was delicious.  The desserts were all good and most likely prepared in house.  I tried the award winning chocolate cheesecake which was very good.  I only wish they had some lighter dessert options like berries.  All in all a great restaurant for the older crowd or business events.  The servers, especially Faye are awesome.  Last night Faye literally chased me down the parking garage to give me my leftovers.  The food deserves 3 stars, the servers 4 stars, and the wine prices and Kevins anti tax efforts 5 stars.  This is a true Pittsburgh institution.笑
Elegant Downtown eating establishment, great for pre-theater as they have a shuttle that takes patrons to their venue after their meal. The food is quite good and is not too expensive for a classy night out.笑
The Carlton is a go-to place in downtown Pittsburgh where you are assured to have solid service, a great meal and a strong drink at their bar. Although you are not going to find a lot of trendy items in the entree selection, the lack of such items keeps the Carlton true to form as a classic American upscale restaurant. I have eaten dinner and lunch about 45 times at the Carlton and never had a bad meal or poor service. The wine list is quite deep and the selections are excellent. (You can find some deals on the wine list with modest markup despite the PA state store monopoly) For regulars, this is the kind of place that will remember your name, what you drink and who your friends are and how they've been. You don't get that at even more expensive places or private clubs anymore. Get the filet mignon rare with asparagus and the garlic mash and ask for the bernaise sauce on the side. (You have to ask for the fillet it is not in the big list of entrees) Let the server pick you a full bodied red by the glass to go with it and you will be on a whole new level of epic. Finish the meal off with their signature whisky bread pudding paired with a single malt scotch or decent port and you will never feel better legally.笑
I first came to Pittsburgh nearly three years ago and was taken here.  I consider myself a food snob and did not expect to be impressed by any restaurant in Pittsburgh, but I was.  I was in Pittsburgh again this past weekend and had a chance to visit The Carlton.  It did not disappoint and is the best dining I have found thus far in Pittsburgh. 

For apps this past weekend, we ordered the portabella mushroom, gnocchi, and stuffed meatball.  I can't decide whether I preferred the mushroom or gnocchi, which is surprising since the portabella mushroom app wasn't even on my radar, but was so pleasant and light in its flavors.  The stuffed meatball was tasty, but disappointing to the extent that I couldn't detect any cheese.  

For entrees, we ordered the duck ragu (WOW), the bolognese (the ragu was way better), one of the fish, and the wellington.  All were delicious, but the duck ragu was such a star and so surprising in its combination of flavors.  The duck was cooked perfectly!  

For dessert, we shared some chocolate cake that I thought was lackluster, but I also wasn't  hungry and we were 3 bottles of wine in.  

The Carlton is on the list of definite recommends and staples for when I'm visiting the Burgh.笑
To me the Carlton can seem like a place that is past it's prime. It's not "new," trendy or avant-garde. That said a recent lunch experience really proved me wrong. 

The service is a total stand out. Our waiter was very skilled in making recommendations, handling the table, and keeping our lunch moving along perfectly, as it was a business affair. He handled everything from prompting orders to delivering the check and taking payment with perfect tact. 

I was also so pleasantly surprised by the quality of the food. The bread and seasoned butter was FANTASTIC. I had some type of cheesy sourdough. If it wasn't a business meeting I probably would have had three slices. 

I had the southwest salad. Wow! It was a huge portion and everything was so fresh. The dressing was really tasty and the lettuce was perfectly cut so I didn't have a hard time eating it politely. Everyone in our party had a different salad and they all looked delicious.It was also very reasonable for a place I would typically think of as extravagant! Our bill came to just over $100 for 5 people before tip.

Before this meal, I never would have thought of coming to the Carlton for something other than business. Now, I would welcome the opportunity.笑
Will I ever have a bad meal at The Carlton?  Not yet.  Went there this evening with my wife. We shared the lobster gnocchi which is amazing.  She usually gets this appetizer as her entree but tonight we shared it.  We each started with the Carlton salad.  A staple.  Nice amount and very tasty. I got the pork chop special with chorizo sausage, cheddar whipped potatoes and asparagus wrapped in filo.  Everything was excellent!  My wife got the sea scallops which were ok, but I definitely out ordered her tonight.  

With a few drinks our bill was about $100.  Very inexpensive for this quality of restaurant.   Plus, they are in the entertainment book or, in the case of this evening, we were sent a $25 gift certificate for my wife's birthday.

Love this place.  Very old school.  Good strong drinks, great service, and excellent food.

One minor complaint.....what's up with the elevator musak?笑
We decided to take advantage of the Bonus Days of Pittsburgh Restaurant Week and booked a reservation at the Carlton.  We had high hopes, but we're severely let down by the food, service, and whole experience.  

Perhaps we were "too young" to dine in there.  Like a kid sitting at the adult table, we were essentially ignored by the waitstaff and, when ordering from the Restaurant Week menu, I felt like we were written off right there.  We had to request silverware from our server and received either badly tarnished or dirty spoons... so much that we had to ask for new ones.  Also my husband didn't receive a napkin and had to ask for one as well. 

The almond chicken salad arrived and it looked pretty.  The tomatoes were fresh and colorful.  The chicken had zero seasoning and the salad had way too much dressing.  It was supposed to have cheese, but it was missing from my plate.  I simply couldn't eat this salad.  I picked at it and attempted to salvage a few bites, but it was not enjoyable.

Hubs ordered the seafood cioppino.  I found it to be salty tomato soup... it wasn't something to write home about.

My entrée was the bronzino and it left me baffled. Why on earth would you put the crispy skin of the bronzino in a broth?  It becomes completely saturated and uncrispy.  It needed to be seasoned and the red cabbage and mushrooms were just drenched in a sweet and sour broth which was... just not good.  

Hubs enjoyed the pork chop.  The barbecue sauce made the chop, but again it just wasn't that great.

Finally dessert - the waiter forgot that we ordered dessert and handed hubs the menu.  We reminded him that we already placed our orders and he seemed confused before he went back to the kitchen and put in a rush order for our desserts.  

My husband ordered the raspberry cheesecake and he didn't save me a bite... I'll take that as a "I liked it."  I ordered the banana bread pudding.  I strongly believe someone mixed up the salt and sugar when making the caramel sauce.  I mean it was SALTY. The ice cream was tasty and the banana bread pudding was just okay.  The caramel sauce ruined it for me.

I would like to give kudos to the bus boy.  He was the only prompt and attentive employee we encountered.

Would I return?  I don't think so.  I see other reviews and feel like we went to a completely different restaurant.  Our experience was just poor and I wouldn't recommend it.笑
Nice service.  Incorrectly over or under cooked almost every steak on the table.  Reported promptly to wait staff not willing to correct.  I would never come back here.  Plenty of great restaurants in Pittsburgh.
In summary overpriced and overrated.笑
Finally checked this place out yesterday with friends. The entrance is confusing. I don't know why they would prefer to use a small side door rather than the main entrance. I walked around the building through I missed the entrance and walked around it again, I decide to try the small door after I found out there is really no other doors. It was the bar entrance. It was not busy for a Monday night. The food was good, properly cooked as the menu described; service was ok, but very slow(they weren't busy at all). water refill was super slow, get it after we were out of water for a while. Had to ask for drink refill too.
Over all it was a good experience but there are definitely some improvement can be made for their service.笑
Excellent service and beautifully prepared classic dishes. Service was not rushed, and I liked that. And they have a fantastic wine list to boot. We will be back!笑
My husband made a reservation for a belated valentines day celebration. We had been to the Carlton 3 other times for special occasions and had wonderful experiences. Tonight was a bit of a different experience. I think the waitress may have exchanged 25 words with us in 1.5 hours. The service was fine but I felt like I was at Olive Garden. I am normally a 20% or more tipper no matter what. But I showed her... 15% is all she got! She did not even deserve that!笑
If you're heading to a show in the Cultural District, the Carlton is a must, if you've never tried it. Great food, friendly service and a polished approach to their pre-theater crowd. The tuna was good with an interesting take on it with an Asian tea broth and my wife's mahi-mahi special was spiced just right. Her mule drink had some kick and my bellini was nice and sweet. They validate parking, whisk you to the theater in a complimentary limo or private car (make sure you tip!) that gets you in your seat before the show starts (even if you leave at five minutes before like we did). Not to mention the drinks are nice and firm-to-strong and the menu has something for everyone's taste. All-around good time.笑
My boyfriend found The Carlton from searching online for restaurants to go to for an early Valentine's Day dinner on Friday night. I had no idea where we were going and was a little thrown off when we walked into the BNY Mellon Center. As soon as we walked into The Carlton I had a feeling I would like it due to the amount of wine they had lining the walls! The atmosphere was dark and cozy, and it was an older crowd inside. I think I might have been the youngest person in there! We had 7:30 reservations and it was busy until we left around 10. 

To start, we ordered a bottle of Pinot Noir. They had just about any price range of wine from $16-$160. Chris and I aren't huge wine connoisseurs so we went with a mid price range bottle. We also got the shishito peppers for an appetizer. These were served with a corn and sausage dipping sauce. It was pretty good but I wish it was a little spicier. After chatting, eating, and finishing bottle of wine #1 we ordered a second bottle and our entrees. I was feeling adventurous and ordered the Barramundi entree. I've never even heard of this fish but she said it was a white fish similar to Sea bass. It was served with shrimp too! The side was a tomato and basil Risotto and some kind of leafy vegetable (can't remember).  The fish was seasoned with Cajun flavors and was super flavorful, I also loved the risotto! Chris ordered the pork chop that was was served with a sausage hash and had a BBQ glaze on top. We both agreed it was kind of a random concoction but it worked. 

Our waitress was also very nice and the perfect amount of attentive. She knew we were looking for a nice night out to enjoy each others company so she never tried to rush us which I am always appreciative of. The Carlton is a nice old school restaurant, as Chris said he wasn't in the mood for anything "hipster & trendy" so he hit the nail on the head with The Carlton!笑
Not sure if any of these reviews are of recent visits, but the food and service that I experienced was amazing.  The iPad wine list is fun to scroll through, an it is extensive.  
With a menu that changes daily, you know things are fresh!  My party had the calamari appetizer - which wasn't over the top, typical calamari.  I had the Wolf fish special and wow was I impressed!  Served with tomato and cucumber quinoa - the flavors were fantastic!  Another person I my party also had the Wolf fish and she almost licked her plate clean!!!  I don't eat red meat, but the pork tenderloin was also enjoyed!
Desserts were a great way to finish our girls night out and the cappuccino torte was also phenomenal!!!  Highly recommended!  
I will be back!笑
Excellent food served excellently. The decor is definitely old-school steakhouse, but that doesn't matter when you have one of the dishes placed before you. The crabcake appetizer is creamy and nicely sauced, the gnocchi and lobster appetizer is heaven. I've had nearly all of the entrees there over the years, and I've never been disappointed. The consistency in the food is also admirable.

The Carlton is known for its great wines (and the servers are well-versed in them). All in all, it's a very nice special-occasion restaurant.笑
The best service, entrees,  wines and desserts.  

The servers attention to detail and catering to the customer reigns supreme.  The entrees whether steak, wild boar,  lamb, or poultry was always perfectly cooked and aesthetically appealing. 

The wine list is extensive;  there is a wine cellar, beyond what the wine list displays. 

The desserts look like they should be on the cover of "Bon Appetit" and each is delectable. 

This restaurant was a Dirona award winner. If you want to impress someone,  or a  top-notch dining experience,  this is the restaurant to choose. 

I've eaten here a dozen times. Always consistent quality.笑
Still waitng for our our check, but I could not wait to express my disappointment.  Server was chatty but not focused.  It took twenty minutes to get a menu, and the food was cold.  My husbands fish was dry, overcooked and cold.  The place was worn out and in need of a complete update, and the manager was on his phone as best we could tell.  Save your money and get fast food; it's better.笑
This place is rather snooty... or at least trying to be. The decor is "chamberish" with dark wood and leather. Servers are dressed better than some of the patrons. Food is memorable, especialy their fish. This place is a bit on the expensive side, but I think the price is right for the quality.笑
Recently ate at the Carlton in BNY Mellon for my buddies birthday.  I was one in a group of 12.  One positive thing I can say is the waiter was thorough and very helpful with suggestions, etc.  I started off with gnocchi appetizer which was his suggestion, not bad.  I would rate it a B average.  I was torn between the prime rib and the lamb chops, he suggested the prime rib.  I got the prime rib cooked to the chef's suggestion, came out about med-rare but WAS NOT HOT.  To say it was warm might have been pushing it.  Lack of flavor with the beef is an understatement.  I wasn't impressed at all. The mashed potatoes weren't hot either.  I was pretty disappointed to say the least.  

A few friends recommended the prime rib and when I told them about my experience they were shocked.  I wouldn't waste the money to go back thats for sure!.  If another birthday or event got scheduled there I would most likely attend but it's not a place I would suggest.  

For the price the food wasn't impressive AT ALL.

The best part of the evening was the 8.00 coffee i had at the end of the night.  The other plus about this place is if you park in the BNY Mellon garage they validate your parking ticket at the hostess stand.笑
I feel a bit bad about this 2 stars. But really unless you like conservative, bland to my taste, 80s style, steak house food. Maybe the steak is good but we didn't try it. Recommended for Grandparents with conservative palates and sentiment for the 80s.

Service - the bright note here, very nice.

Atmosphere - think 80s clubby steakhouse style. The bathrooms were stinky and not updated.

Food - we ordered 3 appetizers and a salad: 
Okay iceberg with blue cheese dressing salad; 
very bland dry crostini with "roasted vegetables" with almost no taste, maybe no salt, possibly no oil and dry - yes dry - mesclun mix like you might buy at Costco; 
bbq shrimp had a slightly red sauce that had a gravy taste (some kind of stock?) and virtually no flavor and 5 shrimp - not even jumbo - with more dry mesclun for I think $11; 
a good value gnocchi with plenty of chunks not shards of lobster and crab - would have been very very good if served on the sauce instead of drenched in the creamy rich cheesy sauce and with a dose of some flavor - still good. Bread from Breadworks - good of course.

Price - 3 appetizers, 1 salad, 1 glass of wine, 1 soda plus tax and tip = $75.笑
My husband and I always dine at The Carlton when we are going to the Theatre District since the restaurant opened.  We have consistently received an exceptional dining experience. The food and wait staff are always top notched.  What is unusual, is that there doesn't seem to be much turnover in staff, especially the hostess, that is atypical in the restaurant industry. I had used a discount card which was inadvertently left on the table.  I received a call  first thing on the following business day from the owner advising they had it and would send it to me, which I received the following day.  My only disappointment is that they don't regularly have one of their old but delicious seafood specialties on the menu. They will, however, always make it if requested at the time our reservations are made.  That, is EXCEPTIONAL customer service!!!笑
So I have to preface that we were staying at the omni hotel near by and our bartender Danny had a waiter friend that he asked to take care of us. BOY OH BOY DID HE!!! Coming from Florida my expectations in regards to seafood is quite high. Two of us had the crab lobster gnocchi and the other had the halibut. All of which were huge portions. There was no skimping on the buttery lobster which by the way was cooked to perfection. Oh and if you have a taste for cocktails they are heavy on the poor so the Carlton is worth every penny spent. If I every return to this area I will be sure to come back. Thank you Russell for taking care of me and making sure I had extra juice as I struggled through trying my first gimlet. It was such a dining pleasure.笑
The Carlton is one of those places that feels as if it's from a different time - in a good way.  
When every single restaurant in the city was booked at 6pm on a Saturday night, my party of four had no issue getting into The Carlton to celebrate my mom's birthday.  Between us, we ordered two Prime Rib dinners, a Walleye Pike and the Sea Bass special.  Every single bite was near-perfection.  Between drinks, apps, entrees our total bill rang in at ~$220; not too shabby all things considered. I think it's silly when restaurants of this caliber charge per the glass for sodas, but I'll let that one go.  

So, throw on a fedora and stop in at The Carlton to experience old-fashioned food and service sure to leave even the most jaded hipster with a smile of satisfaction.笑
Visiting Pittsburgh and made reservations at the Carlton. While it was hard to find the restaurant, that would be my only complaint. Service was prompt and friendly. Food was delicious especially the duck pasta.笑
Note #1: Make a reservation. Do not drop in unplanned. 

Note #2: The dress code is somewhere between dressy and casual. We saw enough people wearing jeans to confirm this. Just use your best judgement. 

Note #3: Their online menu deviates somewhat from the actual in-house menu and changes regularly. 

My memoir of Friday night's masterpiece of a meal is as good a review as any to serve as #900. 

Kay's mother was celebrating her 50th birthday, so Kay and her chef brother, who was visiting from New York, decided to grant her the ultimate treat: Dinner at The Carlton.

The 6:30PM reservation meant a change of clothes at work and much deodorant and cologne as I simply had no time to head home and shower. As it turns out, my worries were unfounded; I was one of the more formally dressed people there. 

The interiors were as elegant as one would expect for such a high-end urban restaurant. A wall full of wine bottles could be seen catacorner from where I sat. White tablecloths dressed dark, brown, wooden, olden tables and chairs. Fay, our accomplished server, handed the 6 of us (Kay, myself, her parents, her brother, and his girlfriend) menus, opened properly and read aloud the specials in a professional manner. It all felt ceremonial, as if something grand and unforgettable was about to occur, and of course a spectacle of gastronomy ensued.

I was privileged enough to be allowed to choose an appetizer since my dining companions had trouble deciding, so I placed my finger randomly on the Braised Short Ribs. Smothered in a sort of blue cheese risotto that had the consistency of cottage cheese, the pork withered exquisitely in the mouth, taking on the penicillum's pungency. Dried tomatoes puncuated the proceedings with a sweet/tart blend that shocked my palate into full alertness.  

The Original Carlton House Salad came next for me. On a bed of Romaine lettuce laid tomatoes, mushrooms, bacon bits, and hard boiled egg pieces. The affair's "Louie" dressing that came off as a criminally smooth and flavorsome Thousand Island, making it the apex of Cobb salads. And that's what you get a The Carlton: The apex of tradition. Illustrating this further were the baked potatoes I caught sight of being served to other guests and thus coveted. Each one had a lattice fin of fried potato as a garnish, causing them to look as ornately monstrous as dread Fafnir...

http://www.marvunapp.com/Appendix5/fafnir_nastrond.htm

Ordering the main course was a challenging decision. Kay went with a pasta dish that celebrated sea food as well as housemade strands of al dente dough. Fortunately I needed to finish it for her, so I can testify to its saltwater majesty. RJ also gave me a bit of his Lamb Gnocchi, which offered the most for one's money being that it was the least expensive and most generously portioned dish on the menu that night. Its grilled, mildly cauterized chunks of protein crashed gently into the pillowy dumplings like the Dave Matthews song, begging to be eaten together in singular bites, all of it wallowing in a mysterious sauce. 

Eventually, I chose a fish I've never before eaten in The Grouper. From off the shores of tropical Florida came a creature with flesh as light in mouthfeel as a poached egg but coated with a Parmesan crust to give it punch and crunch and butter of roasted garlic to make it as wealthy in fat as an oversized scallop. A medley of stringy vegetables became a buttery, makeshift linguini, and hiding underneath it all were pierogies stuffed with nothing less than lobster. 

Dinner had been such a ride, we could have ended it all then and there with no regrets, but...there was a dessert menu...

Fay brought out twin Tollhouse Cookie Sundaes for Kay's parents, and of course, when they could not finish, the rest of us banded together. The dance between chill and warmth, salt and sugar, crisp and cream is why this type of sundae is a perennial favorite of mine, and Carlton's may have the definitive version on their (his?) hands. 

A tornado of more desserts followed, each of us sampling and moving on to the next. The Coconut Cream Pie with its toasted, nutty embellishments, was again another zenith put forth by The Carlton. A Raspberry Creamsicle Cake added a touch of childhood whimsy to our finale, its buttercream filling being the cake's centerpoint. To extinguish all such innocence came...the Chocolate Grand Marnier cake...

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G3IUt83-DTo

Darker and more destructive than a black hole, the layers of richness from crust to mousse-ish packing threatened to consume us all with Hellborne perversions of a cocoa nature. Lurid, murky, deathfully mighty, it towered over the plate like a castle of confectionery doom, but our collective will and righteousness rendered it to rubble in the end. 

And with that, a classic feast had ended. That's fine dining, kids.笑
Yawn.... oh, excuse me! I just woke from my nap... err... dinner, I mean, at um, what is this place? Oh yeah, The Carlton.

Let's set the stage: dark wood, white table cloths, waiters dressed like busboys, busboys dressed like...something dull, fat men in suits that makes lots of money smoking cigars in the bar laughing about dull things, a menu that is well, dull. Getting the picture?

Pretty much this is a place for the good ol' boys. Not the NASCAR, Skoal chewing, shotgun shooting, good ol' boys, but the ~rich~ good ol' boys. You know, vote Republican all the time, play golf even though they suck at it, drive enormous cars, and live in houses bigger than the city block you live on.

Okay, okay, so the food isn't bad per se. In fact it was quite tasty if you like a lot of butter and oil...over everything. This place ain't going to win any culinary awards but if you're looking to entertain the above mentioned crowd, you simply won't go wrong here. Otherwise, save your money ('cause it definitely ain't cheap here) and hit up one of the many much cooler places in town.笑
My husband and I were so overly disappointed in our experience on New Years Eve at The Carlton that I will never return or recommend this restaurant to anyone.  While this was my first time dining here, my husband had gone in the past and very excited to take me for a special dinner on NYE.  He, and others, had such great things to say about past experiences that I was very excited to give it a shot - even though I had read some of the mediocre reviews before going.

We made our 8 PM reservation for NYE on December 8th.  When we booked through an online site, it appeared as though we had secured one of the few remaining reservations.  We showed up right on time and were told to go sit in the bar by the hostess.  I looked at her confused and she told me that they were running about 30 minutes behind and hopefully would catch up.  Being that it was New Years Eve, we understood and found a seat at the bar for a before dinner drink.

The only good part of our experience at the restaurant was with the gentleman who was tending bar.  He was friendly and responsive allowing us to get served quickly.  After about 40 minutes and into our 2nd drink, my husband and I started to get curious about when we would ever get seated so he checked in with the hostess.  When he came back and was telling me that there were still 2 parties ahead of us, the couple next to us started up a conversation with us about the long wait.  This is when we came to find out the other couple had just made their reservations on the 30th.  We couldn't believe how over booked they were.  After a few minutes, the couple who booked at the last minute were seen to their table and my husband and I sat around until almost 9 PM waiting for our table.  The bartender tried to make it up to us by comping a glass of wine for me and offering my husband a fresh pour on his scotch.

The hostess walked us to our table - and right past the coat check - without allowing us to stop and check our coats.  Mind you, most people were able to check them as they arrived but we were not given this offer.  The hostess finally offered to check them for us once we carried them all the way to our table.

At this point, it's nearly an hour after the time of our reservation and we sat at the table for well over 5 minutes before our waiter stopped by to simply say hi.  We had no menus, no water, no offer to get a drink - NADA!  After waiting another 5 minutes and watching our waiter clean off tables, put on linens, etc. I stopped a passing hostess to ask for menus.  The waiter overheard and made it seem like we were being impatient but finally brought them to us.  Keep in mind - it's now 9:10 and our reservation was for 8 PM.  He said, "Oh you are in luck, usually at this time of night we don't have everything on the menu but tonight we do."

Disgusted with the experience thus far, my husband and I opted to skip appetizers to save time as it was NYE and we did have plans after dinner.  We ordered the surf and turf ($37) and a 14 oz. prime rib ($36).  This was certainly the straw that broke the camels back.  About 20 minutes later, we were presented with 2 underwhelming and barely lukewarm dishes.  On the surf and turf, I had a very petite lobster tail (maybe 4-6 oz) and the meat was cooked in a way that most of it stuck to the shell.  The turf part of the meal was the ends that typically get cut off of a prime rib and discarded.  The Carlton called them prime rib caps - wish I would have inquired on that one!  I have 2 "puffs" of some type of whipped potato that were cold to the touch and a few small pieces of limpy asparagus.  My husbands 14 oz prime rib was 8 ox at best and was served with a small lump of mashed potato that you could tell were cold by looking at them.  He also mentioned that it was so salty he could barely eat it.

Starving, we began to eat.  Torn on sending the food back and possibly waiting another 30+ minutes for something else or just sucking it up and eating what we could stomach of our plates, we opted to just suck it up.  The manager stopped by at one point to ask us about our food and we were honest in what was wrong with it.  The problem was, he wanted to know what else he could do for us and we honestly didn't want to be there any longer or have to eat any more of the food.  A bit later our waiter returned to clear our plates and set a dessert menu out in front of us saying the manager would comp us anything we wanted for dessert.  My husband and I looked at each other in disgust and declined the offer.

This is the real kicker - at this point, the waiter, who we never saw while eating, started to put the blame on us for not liking our food.  He said we should have spoken up to him - we were very clear with the manager, so there was obviously a barrier in what was relayed back.  After waiting yet another 10 minutes for our bill, the waiter brought it back and gave us 50% off and to be honest - we should have only paid for the bottle of wine we got!笑
Dined here for the 1st time last Saturday.  Pleasantly surprised that it was over 75% full on a cold Saturday evening (730 reservation) with a varied clientele:  I honestly expected to be among the youngest  there..  Our server, Anthony, was cordial, informed and did a great job.

Great wine list...okay cocktail (bourbon Manhattan).

Total bill was lower than expected, with 3 glasses of wine & a cocktail.

The Carlton salad was great:  we both had one.  She had scallops (very good) and I had the barramundi (excellent).  Hot fudge brownie sundae for desert, which was on the house since it was my wife's birthday.

Great experience....would recommend it......good for special occasions.笑
Despite working next door in the US Steel tower for three years, I had no idea The Carlton was located in BNY Mellon until just this past week when I was taken there for a work holiday lunch. I think that with all of the trendy new restaurants and buzz in the cultural district, these "old school" places sometimes get overlooked.

I found the experience to be pleasant overall. Everything about this place is traditional, from the very classic decor and coat check at the entrance, to the perfectly set table with white linens. 

Even though it was a safe choice, I was in the mood for chicken parmesan. It was on par with the chicken parm I've had at other places; it's hard dish to mess up, after all. What drew me in was the fact that it was served over mushroom risotto instead of the usual spaghetti. The risotto was very flavorful and cooked perfectly. I really enjoyed this pairing and will probably copy the idea at home. The dish was accompanied by a side of green beans.

I had the creme brulee for dessert and was not disappointed. The hard, caramelized top was uniform and the custard underneath was silky and delicious. My coworkers tried some of the cake options and had nothing but good things to say.

It's old-fashioned, but not in a bad way. Definitely a good option for a business lunch downtown, and I can imagine it's a great spot for dinner on a special occasion as well.笑
Great food and service our waiter michael was a great guide food was amazing and the Italian bottle of wine was perfection笑
Came here for restaurant week. If I had the option I would give 2.5 stars. We were very excited to eat here and our Appetizers were delicious as was the desert...however our main courses were very average and our whole experience took over 2 hours which involved a lot of waiting around for our meals. Our waiter was very subpar and did not go out of his way through our whole experience to make us feel welcome. We had to ask multiple time for bread and wine and the wine order was not correct. All in all we will not be returning to this establishment.笑
Been here twice for pre-Stanley Cup dinners and the Penguins lost both times. Still, their seafood game is on point and service has always been excellent. Probably not 100% worth the price but still a good experience overall.笑
In fine dining, there is a line between good service and overbearing. Our evening at the Carlton was more than overbearing. The waiter kept referring to us as his "friends" (maybe some people like this but we found it weird as they were doing us a service and this would not happen in a professional setting), they talked about the menu for a solid 7 minutes and we had someone checking on us every 2 minutes, we couldn't have a conversation as we were constantly interrupted. Our food and all silverware were cleared before we could even object that we were not finished and it was extremely overpriced for the food we received. While tasty and high quality, there were three dinners (no additional sides) and two drinks that came close to $200 after tip and the service was hawk-like and creepy. We do not plan on returning.笑
This place is simply not worth it. I came for restaurant week and was only impressed by the shrimp tacos (the fig salad was also good.) The ravioli was average and the salmon was alright, but nothing to write home about. The sorbet tasted like it had been melted and then refrozen. The cake, while good, was again nothing special. 

The one saving grace was that service was phenomenal. 

Overall, this place is simply not worth the money. There are plenty of better options that don't have a group of loud grandmas discussing their boyfriends that went to 'nam.笑
This is the Grand Dame of fine dining in Pittsburgh.   It has been around 30 years and is still at the top of its game.  What's great is how versatile the place is if you want an excellent meal.  Power lunch?  Check.  Lunch with friends?  Check.  Celebration dinner? Check?  Casual dinner before a hockey game?  Check.  The menu is constantly changing,  but the concentration is on fresh seafood and meats, elegantly prepared and oresented.  The serving staff is among the top I have seen - attentive but not intrusive, honest in their assessments, friendly but not cloying.   

The Carlton is consistently among the top restaurants in Pittsburgh for a reason.  You will not be disappointed.笑
Imagine you drove for hours. Your looking forward to a nice quiet meal, good food, especially after sitting in Pittsburgh's illogical traffic. You have reservations, you show up and the hostess walks you to a table that is maybe 15 inches wide sitting awkwardly in a walkway.   Guess it's not going to be relaxing. Whatever...I can get past it, although it's my number one pet peeve. OH! and number 2: chairs so high and tables so low I can't fit my hand in between the table and my leg. I'm not Kareem Abdul Jabbar, this shouldn't happen....it did here too.   I pick up my napkin and to large pieces of old lettuce fall out of it!! The waiter goes...oops, let me get those out of your way.  No offer for a new napkin. We decided to get just an appetizer bc we couldn't face pittsburgh traffic without something in our stomach. We ordered a meatball. It was dry and forgetful. At this point my problem is with yelp for not offering a zero star option.笑
Outstanding!!!  Everything about our evening was first class - from the service to the food.  The waiter made outstanding recommendations - the Veal - Lasagna soup was the best soup I've ever had.  Filet was outstanding - complete with crab meat.  Others at my table had similar experiences.  Desert was out of this world!  Highly recommended!!!!!笑
Let me just cut straight to it. Hospital cafeteria food taste better than the sea bass and pasta I purchased this evening. Trust me, I work at one. Absolutely no seasoning. Chef boy would be considered gourmet compared to this pasta. On top of the terrible food, the server was horrific. Please save yourself your time and money. Go to Ruth's Chris or etc.... I don't even know how this place is still in business.笑
Reservation made on the recommendation of the concierge for New Years eve. Sat us 45 minutes late with no apology made. Staff was excellent but the menu was limited in scope with regards to both seafood and steak. Two basic choices for fish and two for meat with none of the traditional steak cuts. Was hoping for a better dining experience as this is touted as a local landmark but was disappointed. Can't say I would go out of my way when next in town.笑
The Carlton Restaurant's Laughing Bird Blue Tilapia

If you are of the opinion that eating healthy doesn't taste good....your opinion will change after just one bite. Chef Simon has an incredible talent for blending flavors, making every bite a welcoming surprise. His Laughing Bird Blue Tilapia is a meal experience you cannot pass up.

If you are concerned about eating fish because of all the factory farming taking place, you can rest assured you are getting a clean fish when you eat Laughing Bird Blue Tilapia. It is never treated with hormones, bleach, antibiotics or chemicals. This is fish as nature intended. 

The first, and most obvious, part of the meal is the fresh tilapia fillet. This fresh meat is not farmed in the traditional sense, and the taste reflects that fact. The meat is firm, juicy, and bursting with sweet fish flavor without the muddy after taste that occurs in earth pond raised fish.  The fish by itself would be a suitable meal, but Chef Simon brings it to the next level with these additions. Read more http://way2wellness.com/?p=2214 

Bon Appetit,
Donna笑
Four of us dined here. Waiter was very professional and service was very good. Food was very good as well. Would give five stars, however front area needs updating, think interior due for update. We thoroughly enjoyed the dinner!笑
Two of us dined here this past Saturday night and were happy with our experience.  We had reservations and called ahead since we would be late and they moved them without any issue.  I had the veal and it was out of this world.  One of the best pieces of meat that I've ever had.  I seriously enjoyed every bite of it.  My girlfriend had the Mahi Mahi and didn't enjoy it as much as I enjoyed my dinner.  The fish must have got done before my veal since it came out at a less than desirable temperature.  I tried the fish and thought that it had good taste but it wasn't as warm as you would expect.  It was also sitting in a mushy bowl of something that I'm still not sure what it was.  

Service was very good and even the owner came to the table at one point to make sure that everything was OK.  We will come back but will not get the Mahi Mahi.笑
The Carlton is no-joke, serious fine dining. The place is posh as hell. We all took my Mom here for her 50th birthday, and everything was amazingly good from the Short Ribs app to my salad to the fantastic seafood pasta I had to the desserts we dug into. I liked the Coconut Cream pie best, but they were all to die for. If you have a special occasion, it's worth coming here in your best outfit. 

P.S. Darren was beside himself the whole time and made the dinner all the more enjoyable with his humor. lol. I love my food-obsessed sexyman. :)笑
Legendary Pittsburgh restaurant/nightspot, past its prime.  Interior was last updated during the era of Drakkar Noir and mousse, is now threadbare and chintzy, in a style that a few years from now will be considered edgy, cool and retro.  Restaurant itself is located in the upper lobby of a glass and steel building housing Mellon Bank and the local offices of Jones Day; would've been a hot prom date destination for a rich kid in a John Hughes movie. Service is inattentive and lackadaisical. I ordered a glass of wine that was tantalizingly described as 'unknown' on the menu. Wine by the glass is frequently a burn, since you never know how long ago the bottle was opened, but at a place which boasts of its carefully curated wine list, it's an enticing dare. Unfortunately, it turned out to be limp and shy, something which my waiter should've warned me off of. Plate came out hot, meaning my order had been sitting around as forgotten as my meal is now.  A chicken something, nothing memorable.

It's too bad, because this place obviously has an interesting past and still has genuine character, and the staff all seem to have been around a while.  It seems like a place you could warm to (and vice versa) if you lived in town and were a regular, and if you're just visiting it's definitely worth a look if you're into local history, or a serious cosplaying late 80s fetishist. But if you're not any of those things, you'll probably be happier eating elsewhere.笑
Enjoyed a wonderful dinner at the Carlton last night. What a great wine and food night. Thank you Russell for your attention to detail!笑
Unlike most places when the quality of food goes up, the portion size goes way down, this place won't let you leave hungry.  In fact, you'll be thoroughly stuffed.  If you're looking for the kind of place where everybody dresses, and acts appropriately for a classy night on the town w/o needing all black and white formal attire, you can't find a better spot.  

  Challenge you to find a more complete eating experience anywhere in the Burgh:  Rustic, Retro, Classic, Cozy, Aesthetic, AMAZING!  Every plate is nearly perfect, and the portions are on point.  

  Perhaps the best part is how long the staff has worked there.  Many for 20 years or more.  Impossible to have a bad experience here, and you should really make a reservation right now.笑
This is a typical, traditional upscale restaurant in the downtown of a medium sized American city. 

If you're looking for trendy or hip, this is not the place.

But if you're looking for helpful & friendly service, an extensive & fairly priced wine list, and classic food, then this is a good place.  It won't be the most memorable meal of your life, but I don't think you'll regret it either.

Their menu changes a little each day.  My favorite is the NY Strip with the Jack Daniels glaze and blue cheese crumbles.  Don't be confused this isn't the TGI Fridays Jack Daniels glaze.  It's always available, even if you can't find it on the menu, just ask.  Other popular items are the sole and Beef Wellington.

This is also a great place to eat before a Penguins game.  Though it's a place that would usually draw a dressy crowd, they don't mind the Penguins jerseys on game nights.  They'll get you in and out before the drop of the puck and you won't feel rushed.  They also will validate your parking at the garage in the basement of the building, so hand your ticket to the hostess.笑
After reading the numerous positive reviews and being a short walk from the hotel I canceled a reservation at another restaurant and the family headed on over. The clientele  was a bit eclectic...mostly older establishment types, but intermixed with everything from young bachelorette party-goers to aging Saturday Night Fever aficionados. The mixed clientele was a harbinger of the meals to come with  tantalizing appetizers and desserts, but major disappointments with the main courses.

When the appetizers arrived, we knew we made the right call. The briny muscles with loads of garlic, tomatoes, capers, olives in a savory wine sauce were divine. The lobster gnocchi was loaded with crab and lobster...very rich and satisfying. The Caprese salad was made with the freshest tomatoes and mozzarella...all top shelf.  

Then the dinners arrived...a Mahi-Mahi filet served over Spanish rice look disheveled on the plate. The mahi-mahi was grilled adequately, but the Spanish rice tasted like something my mother made from a box. Overly spicy and completely obliterating the fish. Next were the recommended scallops. They looked like they had been sitting under the lights for hours. They appeared pallid on the plate...just sitting their lifeless surrounding a pile of wilting greens. Finally the chicken dish was simply bland...inadequately seasoned and completely forgettable. 

We needed something to cleanse our palates from the dinner, so took a chance on dessert and were pleasantly surprised. The rich and hot chocolate chip cookie covered with creamy vanilla ice cream were a hit. 

It's hard to figure how a place that does appetizers so well could completely miss on its main courses...not one, but all of them. Maybe the kitchen just had an off night, but for a restaurant in this price range the batting average needs to be a lot higher. My recommendation is to stick to the appetizers and a nice glass of wine.笑
I visited the Carlton on a wednesday night before catching a pens game.  The place looks as classy as the name.  A wall of caricatures shows you all the famous customers the restaurant has hosted.

Our meal was excellent.  We started with calamari and lamb.  I swear the lamb melted in my mouth.  By far the best I've ever had.  The calamari was also excellent.

For my entree I chose the mahi mahi special.  Light yet flavorful, coupled with greens, it was a nicely sized dish.  As always, I pair it with a drink, a golden lager from local establishments Church Brew Works.笑
Wow!! Our experience here was nothing short of amazing. Our server, George, went above and beyond for us. He was very entertaining and went out of his way to make sure we were all happy. Everyone at our table had something different - pork chop, fish, steaks, and chicken. Everything came out perfectly and was delicious! The dessert was very good too - especially the Tollhouse Cookie dish. This was a great place to come to celebrate an early New Years dinner and will definitely be back if I am in the area!笑
Five of us had dinner at The Carlton last night and it was a wonderful dining experience. 

For appetizers we had: 1 jumbo lump crab cake, 1 beet salad, 1 lobster and crab gnocchi, and 2 house salads. The Jumbo Lump Crab Cake which I ordered, was meaty with crab and was very rich sitting atop of Julianne vegetables. The Dijon Cream and fresh herb sauce it came with was just delicious. The gnocchi was tender and mild which allowed the lobster and crab to predominate the flavor profile. It was served in a Spinach, Caramelized Onions and Tomato-Ketel One Cream base. Very tasty indeed.
Salad eaters, house and beet, all said they were great as well. These were all very good size appetizers so you might save some for taking home if you plan on heavy entrees and tend to fill-up fast.

With the appetizers we also finished off two lemon cream martinis, one sour apple martini and one Grey Goose on the rocks with a twist, and one Arnold Palmer (AP refills aplenty). All drinks were made well. The had a nice martini list, a pretty good wine by the glass list and a full wine list which comes out on an iPad. Pretty cool approach. I am not counting but they say they have over 500 wines on the list. Enough to match any taste or meal. Later for dinner we wanted some rich, creamy full mouth Chardonnay so the proprietor suggested Sonoma-Cutrer for us. This was delicious and great match with our food.

Dinner entrees were hard to choose from the extensive menu which includes some great daily specials which they say usually change every day. Sticking with a theme, I went the seafood route all night and choose the Florida Grouper which was prepared oven roasted and was fresh Parmesan crusted and served with Lobster Pierogies, Spring Vegetables and Roast Garlic Butter. Oh my was this meal ever rich and tender. The Grouper was completely melt in your mouth fresh and tender, and I exaggerate not one bit. The Pierogies were moist, tender and full of lobster stuffing and it went so well with the Grouper. Boy this was a satisfying choice.
 
Three people, were enticed by the 14 oz. medium to medium rare Prime Rib. They all came out looking absolutely beautiful. Jody who is the real Prime Rib  connoisseur said that his ranked up with the best of them. Jody has traveled and lived or visited may cities for extended stays.  He has lived in Las Vegas so he had the opportunity to eat a Lawry's Prime Rib several times. To which I can say when I ate there with him a time or two, and I thought it was the best I ever had. So that puts The Carlton up with the best prime rib places in our judgment.
Linda went for the Ahi Tuna entrée, which she said was extremely fresh and tender with the fabulous Tuna flavor one seeks in the best sushi. But it doesn't come naked. It's preparation is fresh Wasabi-Panko crusted with the Ahi Tuna seared rare and served with Curry-Coconut Orzo, Asian Greens, Hearts of Palm-Julienne Carrots and Yuzu Butter. This was a beautiful and tasteful preparation. Had enough to bring home and it served as a special breakfast this morning.

I have to say that everything was really outstanding at The Carlton. Topping it off with some personal service, Kevin Joyce, the owner stopped at our table to see if we were enjoying or meals.  Have to hand it to Kevin, his professional staff, and especially Executive Chef Mark Swomley who has been there for 16 years. The Carlton itself has been around for 27 years which I think is a real testament to its enduring quality and service. You can not go wrong here.