Quick and affordable! Whenever I host a party for my teenagers, this conveniently located pizza joint takes care of our needs. They always have pepperoni pizza in stock for $5. Amazing. They also offer cheese pizza. My favorite is the 3-Meat Pizza. They also give free cookies. They give out hot pepper flakes, but no Parmesan cheese. Our 2 pizzas rang up to $14 and change.笑
Day two of my wife, child, mother , and myself in constant rotation in the restroom after eating the new half and half deep dish pizza. I've never had food poisoning before so I gave them a star for showing me a new experience. This isn't the first encounter I've had with this place but definitely the last. The first was a smokehouse pizza that I quickly discovered had been rewarmed , probably stashed in the back by one of the employees who didn't want to dirty anything considering it was late. It was like chewing on cardboard. But looking at my daughter say "tummy tummy" is enough for me to never go there again.笑
I am a single mother of two young kids & today was a LOUSY day. So incredibly lousy that I don't have the energy nor single ounce of desire to try & recap it. Plus, I'm sick... & exhausted. I don't even want to SIT UP in my bed, let alone think about a meal for my kids & actually get out the bed to cook said meal!  But, the rugrats are hungry & it's now 9p so I cannot avoid it any longer. I decided to order Little Caesars -- it's inexpensive & nearby so I can cover diner tonight, have leftovers for breakfast & be back in my cozy bed before I pass out in the middle of the street. As Murphy's Law would have it, my quick & amazingly well thought out mission was a complete & utter failure. I won't go into details to spare the innocent, however, the woman working the counter with the awesomely badass red hair was my personal Angel here on earth this evening. As I stood mentally panicked & staring at the internal wreckage of my failure, Red Haired Badass Awesome Chick silently stepped in and saved my day. I didn't see a cape, but she couldn't have been more of a hero to me tonight than if she'd grabbed one of my babies from in front of a speeding car... she is a shining example of humanity, love & compassion. I drove away from Little Caesar's tonight in tears... Tears of pure joy, tidal waves of relief & a heart overflowing with gratitude. Red Haired Badass Awesome Chick - THANK YOU!! I can't say Thank You to you enough times to cover how much I appreciate your act of kindness tonight. 

...oh, and the bacon-wrapped deep dish is delicious! LOL笑
Pepperoni pizza was neither hot nor ready.  Finally got my pizza 10 minutes later.  After arriving home, I was disappointed to find inside the box was a cheese pizza, despite the label being pepperoni.  When I return the pizza, all I got was an apology.  And, they even took back the cheese pizza.笑
Fast service. I've never been disappointed dropping in to grab a couple of pizzas. I'm pleased that they opened this location so close to my house. We conveniently grab pizza @ least once a week and we are never disappointed.