We have frequented this establishment quite often before new ownership took over a few months ago and always has exceptional service. Since the new owners took over the service is awful. We have been there twice since the new owners took over and both times had exceptionally poor service. The bar maid seemed clueless as to what drafts were available, she did not offer a menu nor check back with us. She did have plenty of time to talk with her friends,other employees and be on her cell phone.Ǿ
The Beachcliff Tavern is consistently decent. I've mostly come here for Sunday brunch, although a few years ago we'd come once in a while to drink on the patio in the back of the restaurant. We must have drank a LOT during those times because my memories of hanging out here are pretty haphazard. 

Beachcliff is a bar and restaurant. I'd say it's pretty family friendly. It has a party room in the rear of the building. There's limited on street parking out front, a parking lot in back and a large parking lot across the street. 

The breakfasts are good. Nothing spectacular, but decent. During the breakfast service, you get a plate of small brownies for the table. A small bowl of fresh fruit accompanies the meals. The toast isn't buttered, and on my recent visit, it wasn't warm either. The butter is served cold or frozen in tiny plastic single serving containers, so if you want to spread (cold/hard/frozen) butter on your cold toast, good luck. That's a bummer to me. This unbuttered toast sadness is usually cured by the mimosas they offer during brunch.

Maybe if I lived in Rocky River, I'd come here more often. It's not usually on my radar of places I want to go, but I have no problem going if someone else wants to come here.

It's a pretty big dining room with a decent sized bar. There's always people in here despite there being quite a few dining options nearby. This would be great and somewhat low key place to watch a game as they have a number of tvs.Ǿ
Good place for brunch on Sunday mornings after a good tennis session. The omelets are good, my one complaint is that they charge extra for extra dressing, the staff are nice and usually attentive to each table. Give it a try at dinner too, good burgers and pasta dishes too.Ǿ
No.

Just... No. It was disgusting, dirty, and smelled of cat piss. Horrible. 

Our server appeared to be a 15 year old boy. It was the most awkward thing ever.

I'll never go back. Ever.Ǿ
Hidden secret in Rocky River.  Great bar food.  Pizza is really good.  And not expensive.  We like getting carry out or Brunch on Sunday.  They have "lighter" fare options for brunch that are very good.Ǿ
Have been here a number of times and if you don't care about poor service, then this is the place for you.  The menu items I have tried are good.  That's not the problem.  The problem is that servers are apparently trained to pay attention to every new party that walks in rather than the party already seated - you and yours.  You might grow old waiting for the check for example.  Or your beverage. The volume level is unbearable in here.Ǿ
This Rocky River tavern is aptly named. It is nice enough to grab a civilized dinner or lunch, but in late hours, a mix of ages and west/far west side demographics fill up the bar and back party room. 

They often run events in the back room, such as corn hole tournament or a "sweat pant party" (I kid you not). The crowd can very from low key, to a step-up in age and class to McCarthy's.Ǿ
Bravo!  My wife and I stopped in and both had a calzone.  She had the vegetable one while I enjoyed the italien sausage.  Both were awesome.
Great fillings and great crust.  If you like garlic, these are for you.Ǿ
How can you not love a place that brings warm, fresh-from-the-oven brownies to the table along with your mimosa?! Now that is the way to start of the day!  Everything was made from scratch...from the forementioned brownies to escalloped apples to crisp, chunky, garlicky homefries. Try the ABC omelette...those delicious escalloped apples are layered with melted cheddar and crisp bacon for a differently delicious dish!  Great staff, too!Ǿ
The Beachcliff is just a great place... beer specials, very good food and attentive, friendly service.  Their salads are really generous and very tasty -- to me, so good that that's what I usually order here for an entree.  Great calamari appetizer too.  There's usually (always?) a cheap domestic draft special as well as Guinness and other good drafts.  This place has a pub vibe to it... friendly with professional service, very reasonable prices.  For a drink or casual dinner that is better than average, this place is tough to beat.Ǿ
Their website states happy hour Mon-Sun 3-6 *Wings not included.  We went on Saturday.  The only thing allowed for happy hour was cheese sticks, cheddar poppers, and kettle chips...   And $2 off wine, their website is very misleading.  The waitress was sort of clueless, wasn't sure about the soup, that's fine, she just started her shift.  Not sure of the beer list.... And she goes to the bar to check instead of looking at the laminated menu where it's very clearly stated after just handing it to us....  She also had to go in the back to check if there was any happy hour at all, she didn't think so.  That being said, bruschetta was good, wasn't a fan of the rolls as the base, I did like the complimentary rolls, but once toasted, buttered, & parmesan'ed  for the bruschetta, they were just too hard and thick.  Kettle chips were kinda nasty, husbands southwest wrap looked good.  Portions are huge, share an appetizer & a sandwich & you should be set.  Won't be back.Ǿ
Wrote a review 3 years ago and have to revise. Beach cliff tavern has changed owners and with that has greatly improved. Brought a group of 25 to watch the cavs. The food is so good and house-made! The drinks are better and the bartender (Weida. I hope I spelled that right!) is very pleasant and accommodating!Ǿ
What can't I say about Beachcliff Tavern.  1. I work across the street - so easy access. 2. Their chicken wings are awesome...crispy and cooked through.  Not overly saucy (which I personally like) 3.  Anything and everything I've gotten from here to eat has been excellent (burgers, salads, appetizers) 4. Service is always top notch.  One thing my parents (esp my father) always used to say..."if you see a lot of older folks at a bar or restaurant you know its good!"  This place is all around great!Ǿ
Great prices, great food.  

I can't get enough of the salads that are served at Beachcliff Tavern.  For less than $9 a salad, you get a HUGE portion, enough for two people.  The Athenian is a salad with a ton of chicken, feta, black olives and artichokes.  It's an explosion of flavors!  All  the meal items are reasonably priced and the kitchen does a great job of getting the food cooked fast.  

I would highly recommend the Beachcliff Tavern for appetizers and drinks, lunches or dinner.  Great options for all.Ǿ
I am down with the Cliff. We ended up here on a Friday evening because we passed up places that were more crowded because we are not big crowd folk. There was a nice gathering at the Cliff but nothing we couldn't handle. I had the pretzel crusted grouper and a bombay sapphire and tonic, my date for the evening had a calzone. All the food was devoured and approved by the person who ordered it. I don't know if their fish is wild caught or not that would be a plus. I am a fan of this place and would return again. The bartenders were helpful in my indecision of ordering and they were super friendly while we dined.Ǿ
Really nice wait staff, and I'm currently obsessed with the chicken quesadilla. It's one of the few places I feel comfortable enough to have dinner by myself. The food is really, consistently good, and you can get it as take out. I could rave about this place all night, but frankly, I don't want it to get so over crowded that I can't get a table. I have not tried the brunch, but my friends that have love it. My only con is-- I wish they had a few more types of gin. If that's the worst thing I can say, then it's all good, right?Ǿ
Thought the food and drink prices were very reasonable and was surprised at how good their food was. May be thought of as a place that just has bar food by appearances but food is far better. Was a pleasant surprise. Service and kindness were outstanding. Breadfast is also fabulous. Will have to remember to make it a regular go to place.Ǿ
We used to get fish fries here at least twice a month. They were always so good. We tried one tonight and it was absolutely terrible. The perch was nothing like it used to be, The pierogies were crusty on the outside and rubbery on the inside, you could not cut them. When you picked 1 up to eat it it was like trying to pull hard taffy. Just awful. (I'm wondering if they were Mrs. T's pierogies and the cook didn't know how to cook them!) Coleslaw was bad. I understand there is new ownership at this restaurant. I suggest you step up your cooks and their cooking skills and quality of food or you won't  be in business very long.Ǿ
Hands down the best thing about Beachcliff is the food. Typical bar food, but it is absolutely delicious!  The wraps and burgers are a solid go to. 

Also happy hour until 6pm, wish it was 7 - but it's better than nothing!Ǿ
The best family restaurant In town, the environment is very welcoming and friendly! Fits for every occasion, great place to bring your family or friends to watch the games in the big screen TV's! The service is excellent, as well the place hosts parties in their party room in the back capacity 150 ppl. ( or possibly more)
If you are looking for a good time, this place would be it... As well Live music on Saturday nightsǾ
I can honestly say that I have never had a bad meal at the beachcliff.   The runners breakfast is a personal fave followed by the beef brisket.  The service is always personalized and attentive.  Weda and lady do a great job at the bar and the servers keep your drinks filled.  The beachcliff is my go to pub when I'm on the westside. Try it, you won't be disappointed.Ǿ
I used to come every Sunday for their half off pizza deal, but they got rid of it. I love their brunch, which is also sold on saturdays. 
The burgers are great, but I especially love the clam bake when it is offered! The staff is super friendly and they remember us! It makes us feel special!Ǿ
Great bar to hang out with a group or watch a sporting event.  MUCH friendlier than the pub across the street!  Breakfast is awesome.  Excellent value and the staff is greatǾ
Went there on a Friday night with a party of 12 and sat on the back patio.  We ordered drinks and pizza. Our server was Diane she did a great making sure our drinks were full and we had everything we needed.  The manager made the rounds to all the tables to check on the service.Ǿ
Seems a place for regulars.  Owner sat in a booth and directed his servers as he played mob boss.  Food was slow to get out and not much value.  

Sure great for parties as they did have a large room but seems many other places we do it better.Ǿ
Great Sunday brunch for $8 - 10.  Service is ok too... As long as you make it before the noon rush.Ǿ
I went here for brunch on Saturday and I was impressed. I was looking for a place that serves brunch early Saturday mornings in Lakewood, which is not easy to find. The portions were huge and the prices were very affordable! I ordered a veggie omelet and it came with a brownie before the meal (interesting to include, but very good), fruit, potatoes and toast. I also ordered a mimosa that was great.The service was also great and quick, which helped because we were pressed for time. Seemed like a place a lot of regulars go to, but I can see why. Will definently be back again.