This was my first time at this place and I have to say that it wasn't too shabby. The decor is top-notch: very low-lit with warm tones that are very inviting. The bar section is full of tall tables while the rest of the place is decked out with lounge couches and comfortable chairs. I went with two girlfriends for happy hour around 4:30 and we tried to sit over in the "comfy couch" section, but unfortunately this area is not part of the happy hour menu so we relocated to the bar area. They had three drinks that were part of their happy hour menu ($5): a red wine, a white wine and a winter mojito  (I wish I could remember what they said it was made of...it sounded delicious). I was in the mood for a nice red wine so that's what I opted for. Halfway through our first glass one of the bartenders was opening a bottle of champagne at the bar and the cork flew across the room, hit the ceiling and fell down landing on one of my friends. It was incredibly funny and odd and the bartender was nice enough to buy her another drink so everyone was happy. Unfortunately we did not get any food but I would definitely go back and try the $1 oysters and the pork steam buns. This quaint bar would be a great spot to get some food and drinks before heading to a show. :)笑
What a GEM - This is my new favorite Happy Hour spot in Downtown! BIN 216's ambiance, decor, menu of "small bites", and drink selection for HH is exactly what I am looking for in a wine bar -- and definitely feels more chic compared to the usual HH spots in Ohio City. In addition to being friendly, staff is attentive and knowledgable about their menu/drink selection (which is much appreciated!). My boyfriend and I tried all the food on the HH menu, and we highly recommend:

1) Ahi Tuna Tartar
2) Pork Belly Steam bun - I could eat a ton of these!
3) Daily craft cocktail 

Wednesday nights have live Jazz music!笑
I had the fortune to come here last week for happy hour and WOW, was I blown away. This is the (relatively) undiscovered gem of Playhouse Square. Easily my new go-to happy hour spot in Cleveland. The food was exceptional, service was first class (shout out to Dizzy for providing the best and most knowledgeable service I've received east of the Mississippi) and the restaurant is beautiful. We arrived around 5:30 and the place was relatively quiet but by 6:30 it was bumping with pre-theatre goers. The happy hour menu was a representative snapshot of the larger menu, focusing on tasty small bites (I mean this in a good way, not the overpriced, underportioned tapas way). In addition, they had a wide variety of unique seasonal cocktails, curated craft beers and ciders, and top notch wines (at reasonable prices).

First off, the drinks: the red and white on happy hour were both very good, great value, and several notches above the usual house or table wine you get for happy hour. The seasonal cocktail was their take on the cosmo, made with infused alcohol and some type of pressed apple - amazing!

The food is exceptional and easily worth a detour if you're in the area.
1) Oysters: YES PLEASE! Incredibly fresh, only in-season varietals offered, and served with a special house sauce, and a bargain at $1. Order a dozen and thank me later.
2) Deviled Eggs:  usually not my swag but wow were these good.
3) Tuna Tartar:  order one of these to share. Then when your dining partner goes to the bathroom order another and eat it before they get back. Huge amount of fresh tuna, caviar, and their unique fried focaccia. I could eat this for days.
4) Pork Belly Steamed Buns:  the best ever, hands down. I don't care how much anyone says they like Noodlecat or any other pork belly bun, these are the champion. Large hunks of pork belly, well-seasoned, with just enough bun to call it a steamed bun without being doughy (looking at you Noodlecat).
5) Cheese Board: Last but not least, this is a steal. Seriously, where else do you get fresh fruit, sweet & spicy nuts, THREE kinds of cheese, fried focaccia, AND fig preserves (all of which were incredibly tasty) for the low, low price of $8? Only at Bin 216 I tell you.

So to sum up, come here on a Friday night (or a Wednesday if Jazz is your thing), eat your heart out, warm up with a few drinks in an awesome restaurant, and then hit the town. Bin 216 is representative of everything Cleveland has to offer. Classy, unpretentious, great vibe, stellar service, excellent food, all at bargain prices.笑
Went to BIN 216 before a show at the theatre recently with my wife.  The dimly lit space is connected to the theatre for easy access which makes it convenient.  Seating is first come first serve and you seat yourself.  I ordered 3 different bourbons on the menu they were out of.  So I ordered a cocktail which took some time to get to me since we had to do a back and forth several times.

Because they offer small plates I ordered the braised beef and mushroom flat bread, crispy fried chicken and frites, warm blue crab dip, and devils on horseback (dates and chorizo wrapped in bacon on a stick).  My wife and I split almost everything.  Devils on horseback was tender and smoky.  It was very good.  I could eat these all night.  Crab dip was hot, creamy, cheesy, and I liked they served it with toasted baguette.  

The biggest drawbacks from the food was the flat bread and the fried chicken.  The beef flat bread has a garlic sauce on top that is made with horseradish.  I like cocktail sauce.  I don't like horseradish sauce.  There is something about it I can't stomach.  There was no description on the menu that it was a horseradish sauce.  I wouldn't have ordered that flat bread had I known.  My wife pretty much ate the whole thing.  The bread on the fried chicken came out black.  I like toasted bread.  Not burnt.  We didn't have time to send anything back since we had to leave for the show were seeing.  Or I would have.

Overall, this place was just ok.  Service was slow because they get busy all at once for a show.  Not having 3 different  bourbons available that were listed on the menu plus the food issues give this a 3/5 for me.笑
beautiful, upscale bar that recreates the opulent opening to the Ohio Theatre from when it was built in the 1920's. The décor is something you cannot find in many other bars in the region and it enhances what Playhouse Square has to offer. On top of all that, we ordered some well-made cocktails and tasty appetizers. A bit (read: way) high-class for my typical night out, but perfect for a classy evening.笑
I wanted to try everything on the menu! But we settled on the fondue and it was soo good! Gorgeous space and great staff!笑
Although this place gets most of its popularity from the theater crowd (that's what got me to try it), I would return here at any time! My mother and I decided to try this spot recently before seeing A Christmas Carol at State Theater. We walked in right at noon when they opened and had our pick of tables (it was seat yourself). We were greeted right away by a bartender, and our serve soon followed. He made some great recommendations for us, as neither of us had ever been. 
     Something to know before you come is that it is a small plate restaurant. While this may turn some away, I absolutely love it! My mom and I ordered three different dishes to try, and I loved being able to have a little of each!
     We started off with deviled eggs (2 of them for $4) which were delicious. We then moved on the the cheese board. I'd be pretty surprised if anyone could go wrong with cheese! It was delicious and came with three different cheeses, bread, nuts, and a jelly type spread that was very good. We finished with the lobster nachos and I can't talk them up enough. I am the last person anyone who knows me would expect to rave about seafood! However, these nachos were so good. There was a very generous portion of chips and lobster, covered with cheese. 
     Overall, we had extremely friendly waitstaff, an elegant yet relaxed atmosphere, and delicious food! I definitely recommend this place before your next trip to the theater, or anytime you feel like trying something n笑
Stopped in for a quick bite before a show.  Super convenient and has a nice vibe.  Decent wine list. Had a glass of rose Brut and an Albariño. Small plates. Interesting flavors though a bit limited for vegetarians. Had the spiced nuts and a vegetable roll that was like a (cold) Asian spring roll.笑
This place struggles with service. Last time I was here I remember offering some critique of the service and again this time it could have been better. The staff was no doubt tired - we came in just as a show at the nearby theater started so the place had just moments ago been packed likely to standing room only. Every table needed cleared. But still, no excuse - no one was warm or friendly. 

The food was good still though. The stuffed dates and crab cakes remain a favorite of mine. 
The scallops were excellent and could not have been cooked more perfectly. 

The decor is nice as well. This is a cool spot to relax and they had live music that was ending just as I arrived. 

The price though is just really high here and I don't say that often. You cannot do a full dinner here for the same price that you can at a similarly classed, or even higher classed restaurant. With prices like $6.75 for one scallop, you cannot order enough snacks or small plates to make a full meal at a decent price.笑
A nice place to hang out after work or before a show. I will say that the service can be really slow, and the steam buns ain't got nothin' on Noodle Cat, but the dipping sauce for the fries is divine.笑
We stopped in this place prior to going to the Ellen Theatre to see a show. My parents have been here several times and they have a favorite waiter. I wish I could remember his name but he is there quite a bit. Please drinks came quickly but you did not get the happy hour price if you weren't sitting in the front of the restaurant. I found this very difficult to understand why the people in the front the restaurant will get a discount on their drinks but the people in the back of the restaurant would not. We started out with an order of fries as we had our kids with us and they were annoying us to get something to eat. In order of appetizer fries was $10. And it was about the size of an of a McDonald's large fry.

We ended up getting some sliders and the kids really like their fried chicken sliders and I also enjoyed my beef sliders everything was tasty no problem there. Too many issues was that the sliders came served on these wooden cutting board style things and you can tell these things have been used for quite a long time as they were cracked and split and I don't see how you can maintain a sanitary eating service on a piece of wood that's cracked and split. Secondly it has very very small restrooms and there was constantly a line for the restrooms. I also don't believe the restrooms are AdA accessible笑
Interior is very fun.  Apps are good.  Drinks are better.  Not much of a beer selection.  Great place to hang out after the theatre.  Dont miss the front room.笑
I've been raving about this place since the first time I came here, it's SO great! You have to try the pork belly steam bun. I also like their seasonal vegetable roll - fresh, cold veggies sliced up and served with two dipping sauces. They have happy hour all day on Sundays! Service is awesome, I agree 100% with all the other good Yelp reviews, this place is an amazing addition to downtown Cleveland!笑
This place is amazing. The manager, David, made the best drinks I have ever had. They were perfection. The food , oysters on the half shell and the fried oysters were so delicious. This is a must go to bar

Went there again. Ask for Alex his recommendations are perfect. Food and cocktails were amazing笑
Absolutely excellent tapas!! We enjoyed the lobster nachos beyond imagining! The Neapolitan flatbread was spectacular with a base of pesto, topped with grilled tomatoes and mozzarella. Delicious! The three tiny crabcakes were ok; topped with something that wasn't such a tasty compliment. Wine and beer selections were good. Enjoyable and delicious!笑
Bin 216 is great!  We have been many times before shows downtown.  The food is unique and shareable.  The portions are the right size - for one person or to order a few things and share.  Interesting drinks and good, friendly service.  Go before or after a show at Playhouse Square, or just make the trip downtown.笑
This is a great spot to have a drink or a snack before a show at Playhouse Square. Adjacent to the theater complex this space looks like something from a lost time, or maybe The Great Gatsby. Cozy lounge areas and intimate seating in the back and high tables and a bar in the front. I really liked the light fixtures for some reason, which I know sounds strange. The staff was professional and knowledgeable. Good selection of wine. We parked in the garage in back off Chester Ave. that has a catwalk connecting to the theaters. We'll be back I'm sure next time we have tickets for a show.笑
Live Jazz on Wednesday's was the draw and they also have a nice happy hour with drink specials (not just awful selections either) and ... live jazz.  The further you walk into the property the more you feel immersed into a not in Cleveland Jazz club with nice cocktails, brilliant decor and smooth sounds.笑
I came with a friend just after six on a Wednesday.  The live musicians were playing and it was busy.  We couldn't find a table or spot at the bar so we had to sit on a couch, which was fine.  We had to wait a very long time for a waiter to come.  When the waiter finally came, he told us that we couldn't order the happy hour specials because we weren't sitting at the bar or a high top table.  What?  We're there, at happy hour, and we can't order the happy hour specials.  Kind of a scam.  So we order drinks and appetizers at full price.  The drinks came out quickly, the food took a very long time.  When our food arrived, the waiter forgot to bring us silverware, they said they would be right back.  We waited another five or ten minutes and had to ask another server since the first one never came.  Our food was cold by the time we were able to start eating.  Despite not being hot, the food was delicious, but the portions were very small.  The $11 crab cakes consisted of two cakes, less than an inch and a half wide an no less tall, barely four bites in total.  The alcohol was surprisingly average priced compared to the food, though.  Overall, we found the service very disappointing.  The service did not justify the prices.笑
We started out at the very popular and so I ZAGAT rated greenhouse tavern restaurant.  You can read my review, if you want to, but to summarize... Worst service I've ever had! Any indication that they didn't like when I walked out I didn't notice. So, we went to the bin 216 in Playhouse Square... our ultimate destination anyway! From the moment we walked in, the service was exemplary. And the food was excellent, and very inexpensive on the Happy Hour! The drinks were excellent... And it was a really gorgeous restaurant... Right next to the theaters.笑
Stopped here for restaurant week and I have to say I was pleasantly surprised by the food, service and atmosphere.  The Appetizers were smaller then I expected but the entrees were the perfect size to share and the cheesecake dessert was amazing!  Our waiter was attentive and made conversation since we ate at the bar.  Overall the food was a fantastic and we will be back next time we go to a show!笑
Classy, classy classy.  So classy I was inspired to become a yelper and write a review. The spectacular signature cocktails, the amazing small bites, the professionalism of the management and staff...this is a refreshing addition to the Playhouse Square food scene, and in all honesty, a refreshing add to the restaurant scene in the Cleveland area alone.  The decor and class this establishment exudes is so welcomed.  Cleveland is making a serious comeback, particularly Playhouse Square, and this establishment is spot on.  Whether you're catching a show or simply wanting to be a part of all that has been blossoming in the area, Bin 216 is a lovely place to spend some time before or after a show... or simply to spend a nice quiet evening over great food and drink for the heck of it. Keep up the amazing work!  Bravo Bin 216,  bravo.笑
This is my go to place for happy hour! They have $1 oysters and some delicious cocktails. The service is usually on point and the ambiance is amazing. 

Only critique, their small plates are just that extremely small plates..... I've ordered both the craft sliders and lobster nachos, not worth it for the money you pay.

In conclusion, if you're looking for place to have some cocktails in a unique setting- this is your place!笑
We went here before the Wizard Of OZ and the place had absolutely amazing service! The food was great and so were the drinks! They had happy hour with food and drink specials that were very good.笑
We had our first visit at Bin216 last night after a show.  It was comfortable there, just walking in the door.  We chose a small table with comfy chairs.  Our waiter was awesome!  He was knowledgable in the drink world, made suggestions when warranted, and was attentive but not intrusive.  We ordered adult beverages (husband had bourbon and me, wine) and lobster nachos.  The nachos were delicious; enough to share!  To finish my evening, my husband ordered me coffee (during my table absence).  That, too, was great!  I look forward to our next visit and will make the time to do so after a future show!笑
It's a great place anytime but especially after the theater. Nice atmosphere, live music somedays good food & drinks. Service always pleasing.笑
I had to write an update here. I've continued to frequent Bin 216 and I have one critique of the menu:

On the 'small plates' section of the menu it's really (unfortunately) more of a micro plate. I've now tried a few of them and it's obvious there's an effort to reduce the portion size and charge a very high price.

I was dismayed to order a burger 'special' off of the small plates menu.

The burger was the size of a newborn baby's fist, and the fries were about the size of a sneeze. 

This item was $13 and suggested as a 'special'. 

I've also ordered the lobster nachos off of the small plates menu and it was also expensive and an very small portion.

I understand the concept of small plate to be something that is about an appetizer sized portion of food, IMO. None of the two items above qualify. The menu is misleading in that people think they're getting (and paying for) an appetizer sized portion and taken aback when that's not the reality.

I really do enjoy going here but from here on out will be wary of which items I order, you should too. After these two negative experiences I think I'll only frequent during their happy hours, get the oysters and call it a day.笑
I came here one night for happy hour before a show. It was about 6PM it was relatively crowded but we found two seats at the bar. We looked at the menu and there were a ton of options that looked really good. Both of us are recent college grads and so we were looking to get the most bang for our buck. No such luck at Bin 216. While I understand the draw to inflate the prices since it's in the Playhouse Square complex  there are so many other restaurants in the immediate vicinity and a little farther down Euclid Ave. that are just as good and much cheaper. 

We got a glass of the happy hour red which was pretty good and $5 so we were ok with that. We got pretty generous pours so the wine was a good value.

We both got the burger. I was thinking it would be the size of a slider because they said small plates. There are lots of places downtown that have small plates that are not quite this small. They should just call it tapas or tasters, that would be more accurate. 

The burger was more like a meatball sized burger with a very small amount of fries. Everything was delicious but it was tiny and for $13 I could pay 2 more bucks and get an amazing full size burger and fries at several of the restaurants downtown.


I would give this place 4-4.5 stars if the portions were not so small and the prices not so exorbitant. The concept is great, the space is beautiful but I'd sooner go to Cibreo or another downtown restaurant for happy hour/dinner before a show. IF I'm just getting drinks I'd definitely stop by.笑
Just visited for drinks before the show. The drinks were great, the location is fantastic (theater entrance is in the back of the bar), and our server was great. If we visit the theater again we'll be certain to stop before the show.笑
We went to this restaurant before a play tonight and it was fabulous. It was happy hour and we each had a glass of good chardonnay for $5, and a supper of "devils on horseback". flaltbread and wonderful crab cakes - all for under $40. Tremendous value, a lovely server, and we stepped out the door into the theater lobby. We're out-of-towners and haven't been in Cleveland for a decade, but be will come back - this restaurant is just one example of the renaissance Cleveland is undergoing.笑
I wasn't sure what to expect here, but I really liked what I found. They do creative and quickly prepared small plates designed for the theater crowd. We had a great bartender on our visit and enjoyed some lovely cocktails alongside a bevy of the aforementioned little plates. You could almost treat Bin 216 as a tapas bar if you wanted something more than a little snack before the show. The setting is really nice too.笑
A classy little tapas-style bar only a few steps away from the theater - definitely the perfect spot to grab a quick bite before a show! Even when my group was tight on time, our waiter made sure our food was in and out quickly. 

I will say that prices are a little high for the sizes you get, but I didn't expect any less for the Playhouse Square area. If you're looking for a full-on meal for cheap, I suggest heading elsewhere. Otherwise, the food here is delicious!笑
I love the small bites. The lobster nachos were really good and a great dish to share. The deviled eggs are very good and so was the slider. I was slightly disappointed in the wine list because I am a sweet wine drinker and they don't have any on the menu.笑
We tried the tuna tartar, seared scallops and a deviled egg.  Every bite of all 3 were simply amazing!  The all day happy hour was a nice touch. Loved it!!!!!笑
Went here before seeing a show at the Conner Palace. My companion and I were pleasantly surprised. 

First it's very long area. And you can seat yourself. They have nice chairs and couches too. Not just the traditional table and chairs. 

Menu is snacks, small plates and dessert. It's not huge. The drink menu is larger. But honestly it was ok. I ordered a drink: the Dark & Stormy. My companion ordered: The Hemingway. We both enjoyed our drinks. Winner there. For dinner I got the fried chicken sliders and my companion got the CAB sliders or certified angus beef. Both were very tastee. The fried chicken was a bit spicy and sweet. And the fires were salty and had rosemary. Delish! The CAB sliders got 2 big thumbs up as well. I am told the bacon was. Ice and crispy too.

We did get dessert. We had room. The small plates were small enough so we had room. I got the rice pudding and my companion got the salted Carmel torte with salted Carmel ice cream. Again 2 thumbs up. 

Our server was very good. He was talkative but not too much and was prompt in checking on us. Best part we could wait till 15 mins before curtain and go out the back door and walk to the theatre via the hallway. It was great! We weren't cold or wet. Just walk easily in. 

Definite return visit is in order.笑
I am diggin this place! My sister and I checked this place out for Happy Hour last Friday and were the only two people in the bar. We happened to pick a night in which CSU was still on winter break and there were no shows going on at the Playhouse. 

This place is gorgeous on the inside! It has a classy feel without the high price tag. For Happy Hour it is M-F 4pm-7pm and includes $5 house wines, $5 for their specialty cocktail of the day and $2 Miller Lite or Miller High Life. For food we got an order of the Sweet and Spicy Nuts and we each got a $3 Pork Belly Steamed Bun. Oh My Gosh was the steam bun amazing! You will notice in a lot of other reviews for this place that people rave about this steam bun...Everyone should try it!!

Our bartendar (who's name escapes me) was very friendly and gave us the scoop on how long the bar has been open, that Wednesday's are jazz night, on a show night Friday is usually the busiest and that he loves working there!

What a great experience! I can't wait to go back!

*Tip for Parking: Meters are free after 6pm and if you park at the meters by Subway on E 18th and Euclid those meters are free after 4:30pm.笑
Love this place. The Happy Hour specials are amazing and love the quiet vibe. I'll be coming back! Love the Pork Steam Bun笑
Finally stopped in one night with a friend before a Broadway show at Playhouse Square and this place was hoppin! We were able to snag one of the last available seats in the side room at the front where we were attended to by a prompt and friendly waitress. We each got a glass of wine and shared some snacks/small plates in chill yet classy environment. The front room has a huge window so it's also a good spot if you just want to relax, have a drink, and people watch. 

There was a slight hiccup, my friend paid the bill and I offered to leave the cash tip, but I mistakenly left too little and didn't realize it until we were sitting at Connor Palace. Luckily Bin 216 is open until 11pm so we were able to run back over once our show was done and set things right with the tipping. This also allowed for my friend to have another drink and for me to get some food to go! 

As for food:
Devil's on Horseback $6
Hanky Panky's $5
Seafood Risotto $15
Lobster Nachos $15

If you are familiar with Hodge's then you know the first two items are on their menu as well; both tasty snacks and I could eat a dozen of each! The risotto grew on me with each bite and as for the nachos, those were good, but disappointed the sauce was sitting in a pool on the bottom of the plate instead of all over the wonton chips. 

Overall, I would definitely come here again! I like the atmosphere, it's right next door to the theatre, plenty of parking garages/lots, good service, and good food. Now pricing is not cheap, but it's reasonable for downtown. Also these are small plates so you might have to get a couple dishes if you're really hungry, otherwise share away!笑
One of the best cocktails you'll find in town, beautiful space, and food as well as a wonderful staff.笑
My boyfriend and I went at the tail end of happy hour, but the staff was nothing but accommodating and hooked us up with the deals. The house red wine is great, and they have a great food menu for happy hour. Aside from the menu, there is a lady there, I believe she is a manager, who is just out of this world. Her customer service is top notch. Loved the atmosphere, the lounge couches and tables, and the downtown Cleveland view. I will definitely be going back, maybe not during happy hour, as I would love to see the full menu!笑
I went to Bin 216 on a weekday night during downtown Cleveland's restaurant week. I really enjoyed the feel of this place: a narrowly laid out, cushioned, yet trendy room which I imagine to be perfect to grab a drink before or after a play at one of the theaters nearby.  The service was friendly and great, but I have to say the food was fairly mediocre. I had the lobster nachos, which I was really excited for given my love for both lobster and nachos independently. The wonton "nacho" chips and the combination of melted cheese and seafood really did not come together well, leaving me feeling a bit queasy over the thought afterwards. The chorizo flatbread was much better and honestly something I would eat again, but lacked the something special I've experienced with similar dishes at other restaurants. Overall, I would definitely return for drinks, but most likely try other food selections.笑
BIN 216, for me, feels like one of the few glitzy Gatsby establishments in Cleveland. I love BIN 216 for creating a classy, upscale place amongst a sea of sports bars.

If you saw the Baz Luhrmann remake of "The Great Gatsby" you'll notice that visually, the decor is strikingly similar. Vintage lights, tufted walls and chromatic seating create a distinctly old school vibe. The interior is long and narrow, and in the distance, you see clear glass doors which peak into the Playhouse Square lobby.

The star of the show here is really the cocktails. BIN boasts a well-curated, unique and worldly inspired cocktail menu. They also have small plates, but this isn't why I come here. I come here for a drink with friends in a beautiful environment. As others have pointed out, the prices are steep, but that's what you get for being next door to Playhouse Square. On my most recent visit with a group of girlfriends, I had the bourbon cider drink and adored it. Just be careful to plan your trip amongst any Playhouse Square events, because that will certainly directly relate to your ability to get a seat. Otherwise, BIN 216 isn't a place you should skip just because you think it might be "too busy" -- you can't beat the atmosphere!笑
Great service. Great happy hour. Generous portions for tapas. Everything is served with panaché and flair. Tasty and well presented. We did not feel pinched at prices or service. Chicken sliders are great and happy hour flatbread is divine, especially with balsamic glaze.
We'll be back.笑
I just came for a drink before dinner, but thoroughly enjoyed my time here.  The bar is situated in the Playhouse Square area and would be a great place to get a drink and snack/dessert before or after a show.

They have a great happy hour special. Specific drinks are only $5.  There are discounts on appetizers as well and they range from from mixed nuts to deviled eggs to cheese plates... The ladies sitting next to me ordered a few of the deviled egg appetizers and raved about them.

The atmosphere is beautiful and a special shout out to bartender, Frances.  He made the visit a lot of fun.笑
Kept Bin 216 on my to-try list after reading all the positive reviews about their happy hour. Thank you, fellow Yelpers! You did good. 

First of all, it's in Playhouse Square. Second, it's freakin' beautiful. You feel as if you've stepped back in time to Prohibition era with its art deco walls and retro couches. Awesome. 

HH is a great deal, but yes you shouldn't expect large portions. I had a couple of their special HH cocktails, which packed a good punch. The dollar oysters were fresh and I couldn't stop ordering moar. The deviled eggs were also scrumptious, as was the pork belly steam bun. The tuna tartare was pretty good but I've had better. The tuna was mashed up a bit too much for my liking. Our server was awesome! All in all, a great place to come on a date or with a group for some HH action.笑
Cool retro feel - complete with TVs switched to black and white (great touch!). All small plates and the 3 we got were great - scallops, lobster nachos and Pomme frites. Drinks are fun and creative. Our server Dani was awesome!笑
I wouldn't suggest going here outside of happy hour and paying full price. Definitely not worth it. Also, the chef should take a trip to New Orleans to taste a beignet. It's nothing like what you're serving. I wouldn't put my name behind that. You're better off skipping this place all together.笑
Classy, trendy and tasteful. David the waiter is GREAT. If you have tickets to the Playhouse, THIS IS THE PLACE!! Winning!笑
Maybe I am not classy enough for this place. It wasn't necessarily a bad experience, but we were disappointed. We got to the restaurant, sat up at the bar and we're quickly waited in by Chris who was fantastic. You could tell he was very busy but was being as attentive to each customer as he could.

We ordered the crab cakes and the ahí tuna, and the reason I'm only giving three stars is because we went in starving and left just hungry. The portions are very small and very expensive. The quality is good but you have to shell out a lot of money for not a lot of food.笑
Being a tapas bar located right in the Playhouse Square community you really need to cater to the theater crowd. We came early for a 200 show and discovered that our show was actually at 300 so we had an hour and a half to kill. We arrived just as people were finishing to go to their 2 o'clock shows so the place was very busy. It is seat yourself and every table was occupied so we had to hover around a four top until they left. They were very nice about it and said that they had been waiting quite a while. They had to send their drink orders back because it took the waitstaff quite a while before they were delivered and they did not have time to finish them and they did not want to have to chug their drinks before their show.
Even though things settled down with all of the people going to the early shows things were only marginally good for our experience. They never came to clear our table so we took the dirty dishes etc. and stack them onto a table.we ordered some tapas and a bottle of champagne and they were fine but the overall experience needs to improve for theatergoers.笑
In town for a one night show
First through the door tonight as we had yet to eat during the road trip so no waiting. Francis caught up with us and did a favorable job with the service. Lobster nachos were flavorful. The crispy chicken sliders were tasty and the frites crisp with a nice sauce with this dish and the cheese board was a real treat. The drinks were solid and the salted caramel ice cream and tart dessert was a real treat. The place got much busier when the matinee let out but as we were waiting on the evening performance all was well for us. Not cheap but worth the expense. Well done.笑
I love this place! Hello great/cozy/classy atmosphere, top notch service, nice Sunday funday deal, and an awesome Wednesday live music happy hour...the only reason I didn't rate a 5, is because I haven't had the food- I always just come for drinks... Do yourself a favor here though, and sit at the bar sometime and talk to the bartenders- They know their stuff! It's really warm and inviting.笑
,,,.After the show we stopped here for a glass of wine...Wow, 
great wine and appetizers and our hostess Lindsey was the best server ever.笑
We had very little time to eat before our concert after driving 2 hours away, and decided this was the quickest, easiest option. Kinda pricey, given the portions were quite small --Im aware that they advertise "small plates" and just know that they keep their word. We had blue crab dip and porcini ravioli with chicken. Both were very good--just wish there had been either more if it or the option to order a larger size. The chicken felt out of.place in the dish, but my friend and I still like it a lot. 
My biggest issue was that while the food came out very quickly, the service took forever!!!! When you are attached to several theaters, I would assume that they know patrons are in a hurry. The service was slow and we barely saw our waiter and THEN the computer systems went down--an even longer wait! We had to rush to our show that started at 8pm and we had arrived at the restaurant at around 6:30-6:45pm! Other than that negative experience, the visit was fine. The musical playlist was AMAZING!!!