Typical neighborhood joint with locals discussing current events. Full bar but pretty much just domestics available beer-wise. It gets pretty smoky in the bar area but there is a non-smoking dinning room. The service is adequate but I wouldn't say you get welcomed with open arms. 

The main reason to come here is for an inexpensive meal or for the pizza. Especially the pizza... Its pretty tasty.Ǿ
Not impressed at all with the pizza...I had heard the pizza here was pretty good, so I decided to take the long way home from work and pick a couple of pizzas up for pizza night. 

First, I paid almost thirty bucks for two twelve cut pizzas that were not very big at all -which isn't a bad thing if the pizzas are great. These pizzas definitely aren't great. I don't mind paying for good pizza (Mineo's, Fiori's).  

Second, man are they skimpy with the cheese. Hardly any cheese at all on the pies...made for a messy experience while eating..nothing but sauce. 

Third, the crust was REALLY tough..I actually had to grab a hold of the pizza with my teeth and tear off my "bites". Frustrating way to eat pizza.

The pizza had decent flavor, but the above mentioned comments made for a negative experience. I don't think I'll be going back.Ǿ
Elbow room square pizza is like none other in the area, it has a light crispy crust I love mine with double toppings and extra cheese!
The steak sandwich is also very good it is a steak on a bun, who wouldn't love that?Ǿ
I love this place. It gave me one of my most memorable kindergarten memories, graduation after party. Fast service and very good food. But it isn't five star worthy.Ǿ
Stopped in with some friends...I had the stuffed rigatoni which was ok, although I did get sick that night. My friends had a meatball sub and spaghetti/meatball...the meatballs were gross! They looked black and not even like meat...tasted really odd too. Probably won't return.Ǿ
This place is just plain Awful!!! I had not been there in 10 years. I ordered the baked cod special with green beans. The green beans came right out of a can and were cold. The cod was the size of a pinkie finger and had not one ounce of flavor. They had the nerve to charge$8.60! I could have had two giant fish sandwiches at my local legion for that price. My Mother had fried cauliflower. It came right out of a box and you could barely chew it. She also had liver and onions which used to be excellent and it was awful. This place has really gone downhill and I will never return. There are many nicer and finer places to go in the area and a lot cheaper! Chef Ramsey would have a stroke if he ate there!!  Stay Away!!!!!Ǿ
This is Pittsburgh local family dining at it's finest!!  You're not gotta get fine cuisine at this place but you can get just about anything else!  Steaks, pizza, cheesesticks, pork chops, city-chicken (pork on a stick).  It is NOT FANCY (chicken parm here is 4 or 5 chicken strips covered in marinara and cheese) but decent & the prices are right.  Full bar with cheap drinks.  The atmoshere & my favorite waitress ever, Inez, really make this place for me.  Beyond their usual pirate ship/ adventurer decor, they cheesily decorate for every season.  God, I love this place!Ǿ
Wow awesome food small place very modest ok service but the food is worth the trip ...