Just tried Soho Sushi Burrito for the first time and OMG was it good!!!  We ordered food and had it delivered to the office.  I had the Twin Dragon burrito and it was absolutely delicious!  Large, fresh burrito for a great price.  Everyone really enjoyed it and we received the order quickly.  Will definitely eat here again!Ǿ
Very glad they replaced Metro Pizza with Soho. Every time I pass by, I see a line for bowls and burritos. Their lines are long for a reason- the food is good and different from the other options offered in UNLV's Student Union. They have premade rolls and bowls for quick ordering, or you can make your own bowl/burrito. The price depends on what protein you get. Spicy salmon, tomago, tofu, & krab are around $5.50. Specialty toppings like seaweed salad, masago, & guac are an extr $0.50. Bowls are large and well worth the price. I should mention that the bowls are compostable!!!! :-) 
The young employees are more than pleasant to interact with! Best service you'll find in the SU.Ǿ
It seems that poke shops gained so much popularity in 2016. With that, there are amazing poke shops and horrible ones as well. Soho is definitely on the better side.

ATMOSPHERE: This Soho replaced the Metro Pizza in the UNLV Student Union and replaced Metro Pizza. It constantly has a packed line. There are a lot of people working at this restaurant and it's great because the food always made quickly.

FOOD: You have your choice of preset recipes or creating your own masterpiece. It's your preference if you want a poke burrito or a poke bowl, but I prefer getting a bowl. I will say, in this expensive generation, $10 at Soho can get you a lot more than other restaurants. Their portions are big and they are not stingy with their toppings. If you don't add on a bunch of stuff and stay within what is included, you can get your entree with a miso soup and a drink, all for under $10. They also have their famous Taro Chips and Cheese if you want to try something different or they have individually packaged Ice Cream Mochi if you're craving something sweet.

NOTE: My only critique about this place is that their rice is dry compared to other poke shops.Ǿ
I am beyond impressed with how their sushi burrito turned out! It was my first time and I asked for the most popular thing (Hey Reb sushi burrito) with a side of ponzu sauce and it was sooooo bomb! For a sushi lover, the size of this burrito is amazing compared to its price! I paid $8 and some change! The crunch on the outside from the flakes was perfect and also the crunchy wontons in the middle was a perfect combination to texture in the burrito. I will say that I did not like the unagi skin. But that's also probably because I almost ate the whole thing and we all know how we feel when we eat too much sushi  awesome place! Can't wait to try other things!Ǿ
food is not bad. But they always close about an hour early which is I really sick with!Ǿ
The food here is decent, not as good as the Sushi burrito place on the Linq but it's do-able. However, the service here needs to have some adjustments made. The linemen don't pay attention to the bowls/burritos they're making and seem very unenthusiastic and like they hate their job-- which is not very pleasant to deal with when you're ordering from them...Ǿ
Love love sushi and i so so so love this place when i found out they made burritos outta sushi i was like whaaaa i gotta check this out lol i did and i loved itǾ
Average. The menu wants u to get a burrito or a bowl.  I asked if there was real sushi and she said u can make ur own ... I tried the salmon was tasteless.  At the end after I had ordered I saw traditional sushi was on a menu only visible at check out I just wanted good salmon!!!Ǿ
I continue to return to Soho for lunch as it's close to my work and it's a great healthy and lite option. It's basically a build your own set up much like a subway concept but for Sushi which can be made in a sushi burrito, sushi bowl, salad or nachos using taro chips. The portions are quite good for the price. I've ordered both in store and online. The online ordering system is extremely easy to use and I never get spam emails for them. The only downside to their online ordering is the wait time. I've waited up to 45 minutes to receive the "your order is ready" email. I do really love that they have a small condiment bar where you can get pickled ginger, soy sauce and wasabi for there or to go. 

Typical Order:
Bowl w/ Mixed Greens 
Salmon Raw (additional order protein $1.50) 
Onion
Cucumber
Bell Pepper
Seaweed Salad (add charge)
Avocado (add charge)

Sauce: (choice of two) 
Habanero Honey Sauce 
Wasabi AoliǾ
I. Am. Obsessed. I don't particularly like sushi and can be super picky when it comes to food but soho blew me away!!! Everything is so fresh and full of flavor. The employees are all so patient and helpful!! I felt overwhelmed when I started to order and every time I've gone they have given me great recommendations. Super accessible location and very affordable!Ǿ
amazing place. probably the healthier alternative. Paul (the manager) and the other guy named johanson were great people...johanson kinda looked like a mini Paul but regardless both guys were amazing and the place is clean and options to a seafood lover are endless. Will always come back.Ǿ
I'm so happy we finally have something good to eat at the Student Union. For years, it's been Panda Express and Subway which is why I'd only come to SU for drinks from Jamba or Starbucks. Or I'd go across the street for edible options. 

This place opens at 9:30am which is pretty sweet because I can grab my 2nd breakfast and lunch before I go to my class. It's super convenient for students and other UNLV peeps. They've only been open for a few days and the line gets pretty crazy. However, they move quite fast so the wait isn't too bad - well, maybe, except when people in front of you stare at the menu for hours and still couldn't decide what to get. You're sh|+ out of luck. Hopefully, you can utilize the pictures of the menu I posted so, you're not THAT person.

Just like the other Soho locations, they have sushi burritos or sushi burrito bowls, chips, edamame, mochi, etc. They have signature combos or you can build your own. Brown rice, white rice, sushi rice, salad, tofu + your choice of protein (salmon, surimi, tuna, chicken, steak, veggie asada, tempura, soft shell crab...you get the idea) + veggies and texture enhancers (crunch, wontons) + sauce.

What I usually get are: Sunny Salmon, 3 Amigos, Rebel, Twin Dragon...or I customize my bowl. 

They're pretty chill with substitutions as long as it's of similar category - like green onions instead of red onions. Don't expect them to swap your red onions with spicy tuna - life doesn't work that way!

They're open til 8pm and closed on Sunday. They don't have chopsticks but everyone knows how to use a fork. So, goooo!!!