My son and I had breakfast there for the first time today. Staff was extremely nice. The pancakes were huge!  They overhanging the large plate.  What a great diner atmosphere. The bacon and eggs were great too.Ǿ
The Tuna Melt is to die for!!!!!  Very nice and friendly Diner!!!!  Fast Service too!!!Ǿ
Pancakes the size of PIZZAS! No joke. My husband and I truly appreciate a good breakfast place. We recently moved to the area from Cleveland and are always looking for our new favorite breakfast place. We agreed this past Sunday. Deer Creek Diner is it. Very friendly servers, good coffee (says the hubs) and a FANTASTIC breakfast. The portions were massive. The taste fantastic. They have a Big Man's Breakfast (if you eat it all, its the picture on the wall, get a tshirt deal) and we had joked about how much food could that possibly be? It sounded like a typical big breakfast. Then I went to order a stack of pancakes. Our lovely server said, "Have you seen our pancakes??" I laughed and ordered just one from the a la carte list. Um yea, I couldn't even finish that. So, I would be terrified to even see the Big Man's Breakfast. I'd definitely recommend this place. (they take cards, so that was a bonus too)Ǿ
This is our all-time favorite breakfast place!  The food and service are both excellent.  They easily have the best coffee around!  Everything is homemade and real, and the restaurant is family owned and operated!

I must forewarn you about the pancakes though...they are the biggest pancakes I have ever seen!  The 3 included in the Big Man's Breakfast will kick your butt!  I have watched 2 guys I know that can put away a lot of food fail to eat even an entire pancake in the Big Man's.  But don't let this stop you from ordering 1 or 2 by themselves...they are delicious!

Now the omelets...they are a must try!  If the lumberjack omelet is a special of the day, you've got to try it!  The farmer's omelet, veggie omelet, and reuben omelet also rock!  The homefries are made from fresh cut potatoes and are awesome fried and covered in peppers and onions!  The country fried steak is also delicious!

I promise you, you absolutely will not be disappointed with this place!  If you are, you must not like a good ol' home cooked meal!Ǿ
Excellent diner! Nicely priced for breakfast with generous servings. Staff was very friendly and provide the exact sort of service you'd expect. Will visit again!Ǿ
Everything here seems to be home-made, made from scratch.  The omelets are great, and are cooked in an omelet pan.  The home fries are made from fresh potatoes.  Everybody is very friendly here, and it feels like stepping back in time to visit a traditional diner.  The prices are very reasonable.Ǿ
Great food great service tons of food to choose from and huge portions.  Very friendly!Ǿ
Enthusiastic staff, with excellent attitude and service!

We had a quick and in out experience here, as we were unable to eat here due to food allergies (didn't know many items had nuts in them). We were up the road at the park fishing all morning and were hoping for a quick meal, but without cell service we couldn't check it out online.

We sat down, looked over the menu (drooling at what appeared a ton of delicious options)! Our server brought our drinks back, and we politely explained our situation. We left a tip for the brief service we did receive, but came here to encourage others to check this place out!Ǿ
Food & service great. Breakfast is like the diner's of old. Make a point of enjoying a very good dining experience !!Ǿ
This is a great local diner with a wide array of breakfast and lunch items.  Packed with local regulars from what I could tell which is always a good sign.  I had pancakes which were huge and fresh fruit but they were a little hard.  Plenty of food worth another trip.Ǿ
Love this place! Friendly family place with terrific breakfast. The pancakes are delicious and HUGE! They have a good variety of gourmet pancakes if you are into sweet breakfast, with homemade mouse. They also have great corn beef hash, and if you're not a breakfast person, you should try the reuben. Yum!Ǿ
This is by far the best breakfast place I've ever eaten at.  The proportions are huge and the service is always quick and friendly. Ive had several items from the menu and everything has always been delicious.  The only downfall is having to choose only one thing.Ǿ
Excellent home cooked breakfast, friendly owner, efficient wait staff, good prices, and hot coffee! You can tell that Deer Creek Diner has lots of regulars, but even though we were first-timers, we felt very welcomed and were treated great!Ǿ
Excellent place for a down home diner feel. Family run where the owner sits behind the counter greeting customers and making conversation. Wife cooks the food and the pancakes...HUGE and delicious. All around good food with a fun family run atmosphere. Can't wait to take people here!Ǿ
Went for breakfast.  The breakfast menu is enormous and the  food was served in a reasonable time. The food was good. It was around Halloween, and they were dressed in costume and giving treats to kids. The staff was very friendly, from the waitress paying the bill. My one complaint would be there were flys flying around our table.Ǿ
Excellent meals and service. Each of us ordered a different savory omelet and then ordered a unique dish of French toast to split for dessert. YUM!Ǿ
This place is awesome. The portions are huge and delicious. I took my son there for breakfast and they gave him a toy to play with and put on cartoons for him. I recommend this to everybody I can.Ǿ
If your looking for good food at reasonable prices....BEWARE! Worst breakfast ever after three tries. I'll spare you the details but trust me and my friends. Same goes for lunch.  Yuk! Don't forget to pay your bill, it's not small.Ǿ
Great breakfast.  The portions are enormous...  It is definitely a place to stop if in the Pittsburgh area.  If your up to it give their challenges a go!!  The people and atmosphere are friendly and homely.  We have eaten here twice and both times were great.Ǿ
Holy Crap these pancakes are huge!   Alright maybe I should have checked a review or looked at all prior to grabbing a bite, the surprise of having 2 pancakes so huge I could only eat 1/2 of one led to a better story.   We stopped in after playing at the Deer Lakes Spray Park, as it is right outside, to grab some lunch.   The food was great and, as covered, abundant.  

I would reccomend this place to someone jn the area as it has everything you want in a greasy spoon diner.Ǿ
Fantastic portions!  Delicious fresh made food.  Great Prices.  
Family owned and operated.  They Make it a point to get to know you as a guest.  They make great suggestions.  
Love love love them.Ǿ
On a vacation in Pittsburgh and was hiking and playing a local tournament at the Pittsburgh Flying Disc Open. Stopped down after a brutal long day and unwind ed at the local Diner just less than a few hundred feet from the entrance of the park, and had such a nice pleasant conversation with the Owner and her daughter. They were very attentavie and very fun to talk to. Being from Cincinnati they were a life saver and helping me find my way around Pittsburgh. Really neat to have a conversation about different Art in downtown and were a reason why I attended the Warhol museum and Fat Alberts later on that day. The food was amazing had a nice house salad and a blue cheese burger that was cooked perfect! The atmosphere is of a little Diner just like the ones I grew up in. If you are in town, or going to Deer Lakes Park stop in and get a good meal for a good price. Drove a long way and it's always great to have locals that welcome you in. There recommendations were spot on and ended up having a great time in Pittsburgh!Ǿ
So nice to have a true Diner in our own backyard!   We were there for breakfast.   Food was great, no complaints!  you won't be disappointed.Ǿ
Neat little local mom and pop place which seems to have been there for years and years, it has really traditional fare.  I left there after the largest pancake I'd ever seen had somehow made it into my stomach. As my intestines were cursing me I realized that all the food here seems to be really heavy and greasy. I wouldn't go here for anything healthy, but it's really the only thing like a restaurant for miles around.Ǿ
Everything was delicious, even the homefries! And the portions are absolutely insane. Literally the biggest pancakes I've ever seen. 2 people ate less than half. Nice variety of breakfast and lunch. Friendly staff. We will definitely be back!Ǿ
This is a place to go if you like LARGE portions. Excellent coffee, great food and very fast service. (Don't wear your belt.) Some of the best (BIGest) pancakes anywhere.Ǿ
So I attempted to famed Big Man's Breakfast challenged and failed miserably.  Those pancakes (while yummy!!!) are huge.  Not shame for me being on this diner's wall of shame.  Service is super friendly and the food is great.  I had been there once before and had an omelette.  The fried potatoes are awesome.  

Note: If you are not attempting the big man's breakfast and want an order of pancakes be warned that they are freaking huge.  Hopefully you have 4-5 other people at your table to share.  Seriously, that is not an overstatement.  But they are quite good!