So sad Paradise Bakery was replaced by Panera.  Really miss good salads, sandwiches and the tea.  Can't say Panera has much that we like.  Einstein has better bagels and cream cheeses as well.Ǿ
I didn't take out order for five people. Had a couple questions about the menu and the service was very good Corlee and Monica were very helpful and patient.  The food was prepared very quickly and it was fresh and tasty goodǾ
Not gonna lie, I was disappointed when I rolled into Dana park and saw that Paradise is now Panera. Decided I'd give it a shot anyway. The interior of the place has changed, they don't utilize the whole bar, and I couldn't tell if it was just being blocked off or under construction...it made the ordering/cashier area seem more cramped. I was also unsure of how the restaurant actually operates for dine-in customers. I had ordered to go, but unless the several customers behind me were all take out as well, I don't know what everyone was doing. There's only a two-person bench for people to wait on to-go orders, so there was quite a crowd of people standing near the registers and in between the soft drink station waiting for their food, again making it cramped. Also, it was unfortunate that their ice machine wasn't working, they had a large bucket with a scooper...it looked clean but I don't trust everyone else's hands especially since it wasn't a scoop with a long handle. 

I thought it was pretty cool how your name appears on a screen to show you if your order is next/being prepared. Probably helps the employees as well, as they probably don't get as many questions on "when's my food coming out"; you see exactly where you are in the mix. Regardless, the woman who was quality checking orders kindly asked me if I saw my name on the screen, and I did, which I appreciate because she was ensuring that I was being taken care of. I came in during a rush and it's good to see someone staying on top of the orders, especially since they seemed to have a few employees in training. Quality checking is so important because there is nothing worse than getting home to find you're missing an item. The same friendly woman (didn't catch her name but she had pretty tattoos ), received my bags of food, and thoroughly checked through them, even moving a few items around to make sure everything matched the ticket. 

When I got home with all the food, my other half and I enjoyed the chicken walnut sandwich (delicious) and french onion soup. The French onion soup was tasty, however, I was confused by the cheese sprinkles at the bottom. Looked like I got the the very last crumbs from a bag of shredded cheese, and it looked like American cheese. The mac and cheese - BOMB. On point and so creamy, would highly recommend for a small side or for kids. 

Mostly a good experience, perhaps when they are more established in the area and people get over the company switch, this place will get even better with time. 5 stars for customer service.Ǿ
I love how close this place is! I went in there for a quick lunch and left within five minutes with a to go order. They made it quick and efficient! 
However, the lady who took my order, Jacq, definitely was having a rough day. Not once did she smile, she spoke so quickly that it was hard to hear what she was saying and did not give me any time to decide what I wanted. While I was looking at the cookies, she yelled at me saying she can take my order. No duh, but can I look real quick? I just hope someone has a better experience with her!Ǿ
This took over Paradise Bakery. The food which consists of sandwiches, soups, salads, pastas, and bakery items is fresh and full of flavor. Because of the fresh ingredients it is a little pricey for fast causal but worth it. I love the modern ambience that is very warm and inviting. Make sure to always get one of their amazing bakery items with your meal!Ǿ
Before Paradise turned into Panera, we always had terrible service at this location and inaccurate orders. We gave Panera a try hoping they would be different...but it's the same problems! We went in for dinner and there was one couple ahead of us ordering cookies. There was one employee helping them out and I counted 3 others mindlessly walking around behind the counter without a word to us or the now 4 other groups behind us.  Eventually a 4th woman, I'll assume the manager based on how she was dressed compared to the others, rudely came out and said she'd help us. She had no enthusiasm, no apology for the 15 minutes we'd already waited, and had zero friendliness...not even a smile. We placed our order and took a seat in the next-to-empty dining area. When our order came out it was all wrong. We mentioned it to the girl and she giggled like she was embarrassed and did nothing to offer to correct it. So there we sat and ate our inaccurate order not wanting to deal again with the rude manager and risk getting our food spit in or messed with some other way. The food itself was ok...the salad was mostly hard iceberg hearts. Needless to say, we will never be going back here.Ǿ
Used to be Paradise Bakery. The kiosks they use to order add so much time to the process very confusing to use and have to pay with a card instead of cash. The menu is the same but portions are ridiculously small like one piece of lettuce in a flatbread sandwich (arugula)! Never again!!!Ǿ
I have to say that the prices are outrageous!! For a plain turkey sandwich it was almost $8! For a cup of chicken noodle soup that I can buy in a can is almost $5! Food is mediocre. Not going back!Ǿ
Great place for a quick breakfast. Lots of healthy choices at a reasonable price and service was quick. I would make it my regular breakfast stop.Ǿ
I got two sandwiches here.  One was just a kind of basic turkey sandwich and the other was a Chicken and Kale panini.  Both were super basic and not very flavorful, but they served their purpose.  The baked chips that come with them are bleh!  I know they're healthier than regular chips, but it's not worth it.  Who wants to live for long in a world with bad-tasting food??

I do appreciate that they open so early (6 am) on the weekend!Ǿ
We do a lot of catering at our business and also use several different catering companies.  Panera Bread (used to be Paradise) has always given us excellent service and food. One of the BEST people in the company is "Elyse".  She has been with Panera for awhile now and we have all come to trust her to make our events the best.  She has never let us down. Thank you for all you do Panera and Elyse!!!Ǿ
This is converted Paradise Bakery.  We used to be regulars of this Paradise Bakery until Pandera purchased the company.  After the purchase we saw the quality of the products decrease and a switch to Pepsi products, so we came back less and less.  Finally Pandera converted this location to a full Pandera.  Kiosks replaced the interaction with the staff and you can no longer see the food being made.  In addition while you can still get the Paradise Bakery cookies, the price has increased approximately $2 per dozen.  I doubt we will be back anytime soon. Fortunately there is a Wildflower just across the street.Ǿ
Totally disappointed, the one place I thought I would get a decent meal BIG MISTAKE!. Panera Bread  has really taken a big hit in food quality. I won't be spending my hard earned money at Panera ever AGAIN!Ǿ
Solid choice for something quick, fresh and relatively healthy. They are always fast - a short lunch hour has never been an issue here.

My favorite is getting a panini with their tomato soup to dip it in!Ǿ
We were looking for a breakfast place but all restaurants were packed. We spotted this place and figured why not! It turned out to be the most efficient spot. They have kiosks where you can order on your own, no lines, and pretty much self serve! You then find a seat and they bring the food to you. The food is fast and delicious and they have a ton of drink options. We would definitely go back!Ǿ
First time visitors.  My observation are the lack of information on the menus. The Internet menu is less than user friendly.  Too time consuming to navigate.  The in store menu is not very informative.Ǿ
First time eating here. Ordered online which was very convenient. Went in and it was ready about 20 seconds after I arrived. Super convenient! But the people didn't even greet me, they just said my name and threw the bag up on the counter. Ok no big deal, I hope the food is at least good. Got home and we were missing a bag of chips. Wife opened her sandwich and it was the wrong bread. In fact it was a bread she hated the most....rye. I actually like rye so I said I would switch bread with her. But she also had a special herb spread she wanted so I ended up with it. So now we both have sandwiches we really didn't want. This place is lacking in the most important areas in having a business....food and customer service. First time eating here also the last. We didn't go back because it was a 15 minute drive. We could have gone to Wild Flower or Paradise Bakery but we wanted to check this place out. A $27.00 mistake.Ǿ
Good food modern decor. Good times. Skip the line and order on the pads they have near the door. Then find a good place to sit 

Soon your meal will arrive. Less time waiting. More time for visiting with spouse or friends.Ǿ
We went through the drive through and were served by Joe.  Nothing but 5 stars for his customer service and the food is 5 star as well.  Very tasty and fresh.  They don't make sales here they build customers.Ǿ
It is only fitting on National Grilled Cheese Day that I review the nearly inedible Grilled Cheese Sandwich I was served on Sunday, 4/9/17 at this Panera location.  The cheese was not melted all the way, and one side of the bread had faint grill lines from a panini press, while the other side showed no trace of any exposure to a heat source, other than perhaps a lightbulb.  The sandwich was not hot.  In fact, it was not even warm.  I love a good grilled cheese sandwich, so this was a terrible disappointment.  If I had wanted to just warm up some cheese and slightly warm the bread, I could have used a microwave with better results.  And I would NEVER make a Grilled Cheese Sandwich in a microwave.  The very name is GRILLED Cheese Sandwich. I could have bought an entire loaf of bread & a package of cheese for the money and gone home to enjoy a properly made sandwich.  Say...that's what I'll do from now on.Ǿ
I meandered in here one afternoon for lunch since it is close to my house. I have never given it a shot and honestly not many people I know have either but I threw caution to the wind and went for it.

Walking in, it can be very confusing. You've got the tablets in every which direction, and this is the first place I have ever been in that gives that as an option. So if you aren't aware that this is a thing it can overwhelm you. 

There was a very small line, and considering I am technologically inept I decided to order from someone behind the counter. The man who helped me was nice and I was paid up in less than 2 minutes.

I got a chicken BBQ flatbread and some chips. They were delicious. It all tasted fresh and well done. Just the right amount of BBQ sauce, nice fresh spinach and good chicken. 

I think the only downfall here is the entrance can lead to massive confusion. Otherwise, a great healthy and well priced lunch spot.Ǿ
Panera bread is a nice place for breakfast or for a nice healthy lunch. I love their you pick 2 option because i get to have a soup and half a sandwich which is perfect combination! my favorite is the creamy tomato soup. I think that they have amazing bagels as well ! it would definitely be the place to go whenever i want a bagel.Ǿ
Place is clean and staff is nice... food is ok I got the steak and baby arugula.. not impressive for the 5.09  1/2 sandwich.. meat had no flavor and it was hard to chew like it was over cooked.. 
My partner had a turkey bacon bravo and she liked everything but the sauce that comes on it. I'd suggest putting it on the side and trying before you allow then to drowned you sandwich in it.. the broccoli and cheese soap is good.. 
This place is in a upper to middle class area so you have a lot of snow birds and tech table hogs who of course take all of the booths and are there for hours with there one cup of coffee.. I wish there was a designated area for people to use there computers.. I'm all for free WiFi but there got to be a limitǾ
I am completely upset with the fact that Panera Bread has ruined Paradise Bakery! The kids meal doesn't satisfy a 6-year-old, the prices have drastically increased, and the cookies are being discontinued! I guess I'll be eating at Wildflower in the future.Ǿ
Great food. I actually think this is better than Paradise also the free cookies with paradise are missed. Their salads are good and their french onion soup is the best I have had. I am giving it one star because on a weekend, it is impossible to get a booth. Why? This is because there are students literally camping out, one person per booth, with their lap tops, study books in all the booths. They don't order any food. All they do is to order one cup of coffee and stay there all day. I cannot understand why management does not do anything about it. As far as I can see, they are losing business due to lack of seating. You don't see Wildflower Bread Company across the road allowing the same. Come on management, do something about them.Ǿ
I'm not sure why this place only has 3 stars. I came by here to study for an exam and I literally stayed ALL DAY. I love the set up of this Panera - and having lived in St. Louis (where Panera originates - St. Louis Bread Co for life!!), I have to say I really love this location!

The waiters are nice, the ambiance is nice, the fountain outside is BEAUTIFUL! The food is reliable as always - 0 complaints! 

After spending an entire Thursday at Panera, I found the busiest times to order were 11:30AM-1PM. The kiosks are super efficient during these times! I'll definitely be back here to study.Ǿ
Agree with above review.  Terrible customer service.  Was not acknowledged by anyone at the take-out area because all employees were carrying on a personal conversation.  Order included chicken noodle soup as in 3 noodles with broth. Was there late afternoon so I'm sure the soup was fine at lunchtime but not when I got there.  Will not return and will take my business across the street to Wildflower.Ǿ
Great customer service!  The staff was great from signing us up for Panera as well as giving menu suggestions.  We ended up liking the Panera so much that we placed a catering order for 15 people right then and they all enjoyed it as well.  Thank you for a great lunch and we will be visiting more Panera Breads in the future.  Hope they all are as good as did one!!!Ǿ
I signed up here before it opened for a rewards card, and man I love that thing! Free drink every day for 30 days! They have great tea, and this morning I had a breakfast sandwich that made my heart and soul happy. Give it a shot! Similar (maybe even same company) to Paradise, but food seemed better to me.Ǿ
Defiantly a little hidden of a location...But who doesn't love salads, soups, & sandwhices. I love the new half & half options with fresh choices.Ǿ
SO MUCH YES! Get the 1/2 and 1/2 deal. Free wifi! Salads are SO fresh.Ǿ
I was disappointed Paradise Bakery became a Panera Bread at Dana Park, but gave it a try. The food was the same and good, as always ... but ... the way you order or self order is majorly screwed up. Busy Sunday, everyone was confused. Very unorganzied set up. I'm not sure it's worth it.Ǿ
I hadn't been here in years.  It was better than I remembered!  The ordering kiosks offered a free cookie if you used them, but the meal arrived without any cookie and we didn't realize it until we saw the sign in the window when we left.  The salad ingredients were fresh and interesting, and the creamy wild rice soup is my favorite.  This is a solid choice for an impromptu meal near home.Ǿ
I wish that they didn't change everything when they changed names from Paradise bakery to Panera. I went here with my husband the other day and ordered a salad. That salad usually comes with green goddess dressing on it. I'm not a fan of sweet dressing as I find it to be sweet. I asked for ranch and was informed that they don't offer it Very disappointed. I miss Paradise bakery. Not a fan of Panera!Ǿ
I like the food, but the service needs some work. Today they decided that my turkey sandwich would be better on white bread instead of sourdough bread, although they never mentioned anything to me. They messed up the order that was right before me as well. Not impressed.Ǿ
Worst order online pickup service ever! I came into the restaurant and went over the the order pickup area. When I got there the employees didn't acknowledge me at all and continued to talk amongst themselves. After five minutes of watching the employees chit chat I got tired of it and interrupted their convo. I asked where my order was and they proceeded to point to an order pickup shelf where my order was sitting the whole time! It was so annoying because they weren't even busy. I could've just walked out with my order in 1 minute if someone acknowledged their customers and just told me where my food was. Stop socializing and do your job.Ǿ
Really disappointed with Panera lately. It used to be my favorite place to eat, i would eat out here multiple times a week.  Now it just lacks its specialty it used to have. Ordered a steak sandwich as part one of my pick two and practically got a finger sandwich instead. Especially the amount of money you pay here, you would think you'd get your money's worth. The weird thing is, i've gotten this sandwich before and it was much bigger. I understand portion control and the message of eating healthy behind panera, but this wouldn't even fill a child up! The last 5 times i've been here i've had similar problems. Barley any meat in my sandwiches, the sandwich being way too small, or having a flatbread that is 90% barbecue sauce and 10% chicken. Missing the old panera/paradise!Ǿ
I love panera and I'm so happy there's finally one near me but I still hate that the large bowl for an in-house order is bigger than the large to-go order. for the price, I want the same amount. But I still love their bagettes! they'd be PERFECT if they came a little warmer and a little less stale.Ǿ
A couple of coupons arrived in the mail, and that was all she wrote. They replaced a Paradise Bakery that was in this same spot. This spot is close to home, so convenience is a bonus. 

They have the ordering kiosks here, which are easy to use and quite convenient. Order on the touch screen pad, grab your drink, and watch for your name to move to the "Ready" column on the digital board. 

When they first opened, those who ordered via the kiosks received a free cookie with meals, but that seems to have been an introductory thing. 

Tip: Parking around lunchtime is a bit tough...you may have to park in the back 40!Ǿ
The food is so delicious! And I can't believe what great service they have! The young lady who took my order was fast and didn't miss anything. I'm sad that paradise is gone but panera is the same company so they have the same food and I'm not disappointed at all. I love the Paradise cookies so I'm glad they still have them but I'm a little upset that they no longer have the pasta salad anymore. I did try the Chinese citrus salad and it was so delicious I would definitely get it again. Also they have a better rewards program than paradise so I will for sure be going back soon!!Ǿ
Why do I feel like the staff here is annoyed when we arrive, order and expect food we pay a pretty penny for?  My last visit was much better than it had been previously so I thought this location turned a new leaf. Nope the old leaves were just hiding. The girl who took our order barely spoke and acted like it was painful to interact with humans to get their order. By 6:30 there consistently are no bakery items to be had. Looks like there was a massive highjacking leaving only pans behind. Waited a good 10 minutes for a bowl of soup and Mac and cheese (which cost $16.29 nonetheless). When we arrived home the $8.69 bowl of soup was less than half full. I dumped it into a measuring cup and it said 9oz. Seriously?  $8.69 for 9 oz of broth? Ridiculous!  Doubtful we'll be back. We'll see what the corporate office says.Ǿ
Now that Paradise is Panera it sucks kids meals are smaller the menu sucks and the employees are not helpful. They served my 2 year old her meal on a chipped plate. Their prices are more you get less and you no longer get a cookie with a meal.Ǿ
Mom & I walked into Panera last night to get salads for dinner.  Two nice young people greeted us and then we were directed to a kiosk to order our meal.  The kiosk was very confusing, and it took 10 minutes or longer just to order! Mom didn't get the right greens, she got romaine instead of spinach.  It's disappointing that this is just another way our society is turning so people don't have to interact with each other.

I hope those workers at Panera are out job hunting because the kiosks are replacing them!  We won't be going back, the food isn't as good as Paradise was anyway!Ǿ
Great service from friendly, smiling faces...delicious food. Stopped in with the family during our visit from California and we were not disappointed. I was able to complete assignments for my online classes in a very comfortable and welcoming atmosphere. We will definitely stop in again before heading home. #SpringBreak16Ǿ
I agree with everyone else, skip the lines. They're full of indecisive families of ten. 

Onto the food, I had a bbq flatbread and mac and cheese. The flatbread was average. The ingredients were fresh and tasty but the bread itself was cold and just very sad. The mac and cheese had nice flavor but the noodles were soggy.

Overall the food isn't awful and it's a nice clean place to eat, but with so many better dining options steps away (Cafe Zupas, Pita Jungle, Suace) , I don't see why you'd go to Panera.Ǿ
Let me start your saying I do love Panera. BUT this location can't get a rapid pick up order correct to save its life. There is always something missing or wrong and they argue with you instead of just fixing the issue. It should be noted we have no dined in since the switch from paradise. We've only done the online order to go.Ǿ
the one star is for the seating..the rest is a no star. the coffee was out or cold. Staff were either not well trained and barely customer focused or they just don't like people. the food quality is mediocre at best,  cheap ingredients. food tastes lake warehouse made and site delivered abs maybe hated. online impersonal ordering may work in your east coast markets but in the west,  we like to talk to real people. we've tried on multiple occasions but doesn't match the marketing ads. AT ALL.Ǿ
Sign outside - and everywhere online - said this location closed at 9 but their doors were locked at 8:20. Mehhhhhh.Ǿ
Order was taken promptly. Upon finding  a table, go a rocker , ask server for a widget, Didn't  have a clue.  Tried to work with  napkins- no luck- moved tables.
 Before leaving went  to restroom, cafe floor looked like a garbage  dump behind the service  line  was worse.They need to change more t han just their name...Ǿ
Love their food! Signed up for the rewards program and have been much happier with the discounts! Their cookies are so yummy! Always fast service and a very helpful staff!Ǿ
I am a fan of this Panera. I am occasionally sent to work at a location that is near this particular one, and I remember when it was closed for the transition between Paradise Bakery into Panera. They have always had good customer service in my eyes, and adding the 5 Kiosks to the front is very efficient when you want to skip the line. I've never had a problem with their food either.