Thank you management for your response...just for that you get 4 stars...I know it's months later but I certainly will give it another try but your attentiveness to customer service is exceptional and means a lot more than the food. ..I love lobster...it's my favorite food...one of them. Thanks again.笑
So nestled deep within the Miracle Mile is LobsterME and bust my barnacles if it wasn't good yet as the 3 stars proves not something I'm clawing for as I type this either

As I have SlapFish here a big difference in LobsterMe is the quantity of the lobster given and the overall taste of the meat as well..For the prices charged for some items you should reward your guests rather then essentially punish them for wanting some great lobster at a great price..The portion size was not well proportioned in my view and the meat itself could've had a little more fresher feeling to it..I guess you can say I know by now what great lobster is and why lower the bar if I'm left feeling like I ran into the bar instead?

I decided on the lobster mac and cheese partnered with the chowder fries..As I did like the mac and cheese with both tender pasta and delectable cheese sauce the lobster was scarce overall (hence the comments above)..The chowder fries were a roller coaster for me..I did find the fries the perfect consistency (not too hard not too soft), but the tomatoes that were partnered with the chowder I felt caused it to be soggy overall

All in all it was a good find, but not a great find..I will most likely give it another shot as there was their lobsicle which was calling my name, but trial and error has shown me what to omit for sure from my palette.笑
I wasn't hungry.  Not at all.  I had just eaten at a buffet.  But I had to have a lobster roll... at all costs.

I stood in line and waited to order.  It's right next to the place that serves up the obnoxiously large purple plastic yard glass of alcohol slushy.  You know the drink I'm talking about?  You have to have a lanyard around your neck to hold it because it's too big and they drink out of a fat plastic straw that is never the same color as the plastic yard glass.  Well, we had to stand next to that lot of half-drunk, half-hopped-up on a sugar-high crowd.

I ordered The Cajun lobster roll and I sat down to wait some more.  By the time I got my food, I was hungry again.  The lobster roll was good, but there's some kind of optical illusion going on where there's not as much lobster goodness as it looks. The lobster roll is mostly the bun that is split open at the top, but isn't open enough for the lobster goodness to be inside the bun.  So the lobster goodness just sits on top of the bun.  So you think you have this deep bun full of lobster goodness, when really you better watch how you're holding that bun otherwise your lobster goodness is going to fall on the floor.  As I had seen some on the floor already.

The seating could be nicer.  They need to send someone out from around the counter every once in a while to clean up the tables and the floor.  Someone's gonna slip on some lobster goodness.笑
The best lobster rolls, especially the Connecticut.  It is definitely worth the price.笑
I ordered the clam chowder today and thought that it was ok. The soup itself was good, however, the clams were way overdone...very tough. Prices are super high...nice thing about my chowder was it came in a sourdough bread bowl. Having been spoiled by the food truck in Austin called Garbo's which has the most amazing lobster rolls, I was hesitant to ruin my pure image of a true lobster roll. So, I refrained from ordering one. Nonetheless, I did get the chowder...because who can ruin a clam chowder? Well, the clams had been cooking too long. But you be the judge. After all, it's Vegas. Plenty of dining options to be had here.笑
I got the classic lobster roll for $17. The lobster salad inside the roll was made up primarily of claw meat that was not to try. The roll itself was a thick piece of soft, buttery toast. Just the right amount of mayo. 

There's a reason this place has stuck around. If you love lobster you need to visit this place.笑
Wanted a lobster roll. They were okay. Despite the location of this place, it serves food that you would expect to get from a mall. Nice amount of lobster, however the rolls could stand to be a bit larger - hard to take bites without lobster falling out. Had some old bay seasoned fries that had so much Old Bay that they were way too salty to eat, but the few fries with a reasonable amount of seasoning were pretty tasty. Would probably have lunch again here if I was in Vegas or close to the Venetian again..笑
This review is for the Lobster Me truck.

The truck has a short menu, with each item priced $12. Lobsicle, Maine roll, cajun roll, lobster mac & cheese, lobster & chips, and a couple others I don't recall. (Clam strips were on the board, crossed out.)

I had a lobsicle and lobster & chips. The dishes are very similar--both come with fries. Lobster & chips has lobster nuggets, while the lobsicle is a solid piece of meat on a skewer (a small whole tail?). The amount of meat is about the same in each dish.

The nuggets were a bit chewy but tasted good. The lobsicle was the clear winner, and came with a tub of melted butter.  I enjoyed the fries--nice crisp outside and fluffy interior, with skin on.

I'd call the portion and price reasonable for lobster. I'd eat there again.

Just wish they had salad on the truck.笑
Best Bloody Mary I've ever had.  Old Bay seasoned rim and a big hunk of Lobster in it.  I went 3 separate times for the Bloody and the Lobster Bisque.  Amazing笑
I've never had an authentic Boston Lobster Roll, but this lobster sandwich they had was amazing!  large pieces of lobster.  I am very tempted to stop by the planet hollywood casino everytime I am in vegas JUST to go to this place!

Taste: 5 stars

Service: 5 stars 
fast, friendly

cost: 3.5 stars
$25 ish dollars for a lobster sandwich.  not a great price, but I guess it's not a bad one either笑
My husband and I were catching a show at the V Theater and decided to visit this eatery. I'd say it's higher end fast food -- you order at the counter and the food is delivered to your table. It's more expensive then your usual fast food but is much cheaper than a sit down restaurant on the Strip. I had a lobster roll for about $13 and a Lobster Mary for $14. We shared a lobster bisque for $9. 

The lobster roll was so so, the bread seemed like a folded piece of Texas toast rather than an actual roll. The lobster meat also didn't have a lot of flavor. The Lobster Mary was fun because it's served with a piece of claw meat as garnish. The lobster bisque was blah. It was too salty and oily for my taste. If you don't want to spend $50 per person on your meal in Vegas, this is an okay place but just know the food quality is not that great.笑
Lobster, lobster, lobster.  What can I say? Succulent, juicy, delicate meat. Better than fish meat.  Check.  Better than steak? Maybe not by too much.  One of my favorite spots for a quick lobster roll in Vegas.  Tuckered inside Planet Hollywood's indoor shopping center. The lobster meat are a bit cold on the rolls.  Which dives it down a star.  I like my meat temperature warm or slightly hotter than room temperature so I would know they're pretty fresh from the steamer.  I'm pretty sure they keep it refrigerated after peeling it off the lobster.  I had lobster mac and cheese, 2 lobster rolls and 2 lobster popsicles.  The lobster roll wins hands down. The mac and cheese was good but with very little lobster meat.  The other downside is the quantity of meat.  It's around 5 ounces for a small.  But what I enjoy about it must be the soft buttery bread that encases it.  So good.  My plans in Vegas was to eat mostly Steak and Lobster.  And this does not disappoint on my seafood scale.  Make sure you wash it down with a hefeweizen which they also have on tap.笑
So maybe the girl behind the counter flirted with me a little but the food was "DA BOMB" my maine lobster was so good I had to go back and take one to go. even if I have Gout that pain was worth every bite.笑
Delicious...the lobsicle is delicious and so is the lobster bisque soup.. the most delicious meal u have  eaten.笑
I've always wanted to try a lobster roll. Lobster Me has different flavors and gives you the option to warm the lobster meat. I ordered the Cajun Lobster Roll (Warm), the lobster bisque, and a couple lobster shooters w/vodka. All around delicious! They weren't heavy on the mayo at all! My sandwich was simply spicy lobster meat amazingness. I would have loved to try the Lobster Mac n Cheese, but I was so stuffed. If this place didn't have Vegas prices, I'd give it a 5.笑
What a total disappointment :( Located in the Miracle Miles of Planet Hollywood, this is definitely an overpriced food stand. It costs $17 for a lobster roll the size of my iPhone 5! Or possibly even smaller.. I understand lobster rolls are small and with the obvious lobster meat, but this one didn't even have the taste to back it up. Don't even bother with the clam chowder. It was seriously the worst clam chowder I have ever had!! I poured 4 packets of the pepper into it just to add a little flavor. Ughs. Friends did enjoy their lobster mac & cheese.笑
If I could give negative rating, I would do that.

Maybe I was on a bad day or whatsoever, I couldnt understand why people were raving about this place.
First of all, the only good thing about this place is the price. The price was about right. I didnt think it was expensive since its on strip.
However, here comes to my horrible experience.
I went shopping with my girl friend one day in PH and came across lobster me. I really wanted to try it awhile ago since i saw so many good reviews on yelp. Yelp never (Ehhh.. maybe seldom.. maybe sometimes) got me wrong, this was the first few times. So me and my friend shared a soup. We waited for about 5 minutes for the soup and I was excited for the whole time and the first thing we saw in the soup was - A HAIR. It was really gross but we got over that. We took it out and we tasted the soup. THE WROST SOUP EVER I HAVE TASTED IN MY 21 YEARS OF LIFE.
I will never ever never ever come to this place again!笑
Lobster roll extra meat, lobster Bloody Mary with claw $40.00. 
It was enjoyable but a bit pricey for Vegas if you ask me . 
I will return, I always do! Fun fast food place with Lobster, how can you go wrong !笑
Ughhhhhh, I can't believe I ate here...  

First of all, this is NOT what a lobster roll is supposed to taste like.  They put so much crap on the lobster that it made the taste of lobster go away.  I literally rubbed the crap off of my meat so that I could eat my sandwich.  

The lobster mac & cheese was watery and lacked any real flavor.  I didn't like any of the flavors here.  The lobster was super tiny and didn't add much to the dish.

The only saving grace was the lobster shooter, which wasn't horrible.  It consisted of a chunk of lobster meat, some ketal one, and some pepper sauce or something (lol, I don't know the exacts... it tasted like a bloody mary to me).  I thought that was pretty good (and not too pricey at about $8/shot).  

Over all, not the best lobster roll, but whatever is clever.笑
OMG!!! THIS IS THE BEST "FAST FOOD" TYPE LOBSTER BAR EVER! 
There are so many choices that include lobster! Lobster mac and cheese, lobster grilled cheese, lobster rolls, lobster bisque, lobster tail on a stick!, etc... I was in heaven.  
It was a tiny bit pricey but honestly what isn't overpriced in Vegas?  
WORTH EVERY PENNY!笑
The lobster roll is only ok and is definitely overpriced compared to what is available elsewhere (not in Vegas, mind you).  I don't know if decent, reasonably-priced lobster rolls are that hard to find  in Vegas but the Lobster Me roll has less than 1/2 of  the lobster that Boston's Neputune Oyster's does but costs 80% as much.  Not such a good deal.  The lobster in the roll was kind of half way between the  Maine mayo style and the  Connecticut hot butter style.  Not a good compromise,  IMO.笑
Lobster me at Miracle Mile Shops was my favorite place. Tonight changed my mind. Did you know that the prices at this location and the Venetian location are different? Neither did I! 

Tonight I bought a Connecticut Lobster Roll, no sides, and it was $27!!! At the Lobster Me at the Venetian, I got the same Connecticut Lobster Roll and it was $19! I said that was a huge price difference and they agreed. Psssst, come on son! 

From now on, I will go the the one in the Venetian Shops. 

Food is good though.笑
Best lobster roll I had to date and this is saying something since I visited Cape Cod after this.  I went there 2 years ago and forgot about it.笑
Lobster Heaven! If your in the mood for Lobster mixed with a lot of creativity this is a great find. 

My very spoiled when it comes to my expectations of a Lobster roll. I'm used to the rolls in the Boston and Maine area. I was very surprised to find such an amazing Lobster roll right here in Vegas. Starting with the bread it was warm, not too toasted and buttery. They give you a good amount of lobster on your roll and it is very fresh. I usually order the original or cajun lobster roll. The lobster mac and cheese is to die for!

The price doesn't bother me at all I'm used to paying sometimes up to $30 for a decent lobster roll back east. So around $17 for a roll here was worth it. 

If your in Vegas and a Lobster fan this the place for you.笑
My wife and I decided to try this place out. I'm not much of a lobster person. We tried the lobster grilled cheese which was good. Not much lobster in it but I think I've decided I don't really like lobster. There wasn't anything wrong with it but just not my taste. 

The clam chowder fries on the other hand was bomb! The chowder was really delicious. I think next time I'd order the chowder itself because it was so good. They smother it on the fries. This was a surprise that it was that good! Definitely will try this place again the next time I'm in Vegas!笑
Having never been to Maine, this is THE best lobster roll I've ever had. My friends and I go here every time...and I mean EVERY time...we are in Vegas. Sometimes more than once in a week. I've tried the butter, the mayo and the diablo. The straight lobster and butter is my fave. They'll even warm it up if you ask.

I've tried some of there other menu items but nothing is as good as that lobster roll. It also gets bonus points for being right next to Fat Tuesday. You really can't lose with this one.笑
Within a month, I go to Vegas twice. And within these two times, I go to Lobster Me every time. It's like the place to go for a quick lobster fix. For the price, you get your lobster's worth! 

First time I went with my bf and a couple friends. My bf orders the Lobsticle (Fried whole lobster tail). It was GOOD. Like, straight up lobster. Especially with the butter, oh man... As for myself, I order the Lobster and chips. It's basically similar to the Lobsticle except smaller pieces. One thing I really enjoyed with both the order was the batter. It was really fresh and wasn't too greasy. 

My second experience was my 3rd day before EDC. I order the Lobster salad because I was craving something fresh and light. I think I made an excellent choice. The lobster and salad worked really well together. On the other hand, my bf orders the Lobster Grilled Cheese. Although I did not take a bite out of his, according to him, he was full after the first half of the sandwich. He was also pretty sick of the taste (too cheesy especially with lobster together). My other friend orders the Lobster and Shrimp Ceviche. The ceviche was pretty small, but for the chips they gave a lot ... 

In conclusion: I really like this place. I was not expecting an actual lobster place in the mall of Planet Hollywood. The price isn't bad considering it's Vegas. The amount of lobster they gave you is enough to compensate for the price. Also, props for this place being right next to Fat Tuesday. I will come here again and again every time I'm at Vegas :)
***Sunday special: Bloody Mary $2 for any Lobster purchase. Bf says it was one of the best Bloody Mary he's had.笑
Made a quick stop after seeing huge signs of lobster!

The chowder was piping hot and creamy.I added the huge chunks of lobster for additional cost. Also ordered the lemonade which was average. There wasnt much seating due to it being New Years day, and the restaraunt being next to frozen alcohol place.. Nice quick pick me up for cold days on the strip.笑
Omg so Cathy was such a sweetheart and doll! . She was so helpful and informative on the menu, helped us pick out our perfect meal! She even gave us a free the Lobster Bisque offer with purchase of a Melt!  #HappyPride! 

The food here is AMAZZZING!! Def a GREAT value! Plenty of lobster, very delicious and worth the money. I'm happy that this company is growing. She said that they are opening a new location and already have 2-3 others.笑
Though I personally couldn't see myself paying 18 bucks to eat a lobster roll, I tried the grilled cheese and it was pretty solid after doing some drinking earlier. My brother got the BLT lobster roll and left satisfied.笑
Not even One stat deserves this place ! 
i'm so annoyed for the fact they changed the size of the sandwich here ! Spend $23 for a lobster meal with literally 10 pieces of cajun fries that were like $4 plus a TWO FUCKING INCE LITERALLY LOBSTER SANDwich! I remember 2 years ago they use to be about 6 inches ! 

DON't WASTE YOUR TIME AT THIS EXPENSIVE, HYPED OUT, PLACE! They rob you for your money. 

Never will i go again! I even recommended my friends for the fact last time we went it was good now its just shit笑
So I've been reading about this place and have wanted to try it next time I was going to be in Vegas. Finally got the opportunity to try the Lobster Roll and the Lobsicle. The flavor was delicious but the price tag was not. I totally believe in trying something once as long as it won't break you too much in the wallet. Now that I've experienced Lobster Me, I won't be trying it again. Maybe I'll go to the Outback Restaurant and get Steak and Lobster for less for my Lobster fix.笑
The hubby and I were staying at the Elara so we were always passing by this place whenever we went anywhere. I LOVE lobster so we HAD to stop and give it a try.

We got the Connecticut style lobster roll + a cup of clam chowder and a drink for $21+tax. 

The lobster roll was nice and buttery and the bread was nice and toasty, but still soft. I was surprised at the tenderness of the lobster and the subtle sweetness it had. The clam chowder was just aiet. I used to live on the East coast so no clam chowder compares, but it was nice and warm, which really hit the spot.

Yeah, it's a bit pricey for the amount of food you get, but what do you expect? It's lobster!笑
Taste: The Original Maine Style lobster roll was good. The lobster meat tasted fresh, but didn't have huge chunks of claw meat like it does in the pictures. The Lobster Bisque was creamy and warming. I have to come back to try the Lobsicle (fried lobster tail...on a stick!).

Service: The cashier was very nice and helpful as he gave us some suggestions on which comedy shows are good in Vegas.

Value: I feel like the food was a little over priced. $17 for the roll and $9 for the soup. It's kind of what you expect with any food inside a casino on the strip though. 

Ambiance: Seating area was a little dark, but I think that's on Miracle Mile Shops not Lobster Me. :)笑
Well let me just say I love lobster but lobster me gave me food poisoning I was sick in Las Vegas for three days I would not recommend eating here in less you Want to lose 15 pounds they need to have a little more control on the product also it's very pricey sandwich starts at 17 dollars笑
Tried several dishes:

Mac and cheese: disappointing. Lack of cheese. Lack of lobster. Just Mac. Overpriced.

Grilled cheese with lobster : spectacular. The best thing on the menu. 

Lobster roll: expensive. Ok for a roll not memorable. 

Lobster bisque: better than average. Still not memorable. 

Would of gone to a buffet at a major hotel for what I paid.笑
4.5 stars!
I'd been craving a deliciously buttered lobster roll for quite some time and when I turned the corner in the Miracle Mile mall I nearly lost it! So happy this place was as good as I had hoped it was. 
I ordered their traditional roll, New England style and the hubby ordered loaded crab fries with lite cheese sauce. We both truly enjoyed it and I'm sure I'll be back before we leave!
Only downsides-very limited seating and there was a bit of lobster shell in my meat :(but a little is typically expected)
As for price, lobster rolls in my experience have always been a bit pricey, throw in the fact that you're eating in Vegas and the hefty price tag makes sense to me.笑
We decided to try Lobster Me. Each had different dishes so we could share . First off the lobster roll was delicious!!! Sinful , the Texas toast , the mayo and Lobster excellent !! The garlic Cajun Fries!! Another winner , you will want seconds!! Lastly the waffle was just sweet enough and buttery!! The Lobsicle was decent but not my favorite . Service is kinda slow, but the staff is friendly and they apologize for the wait . I would go back !!笑
FALSE ADVERTISEMENT! All you can eat lobsicle!NOPE all you can buy! Prices high for little. Hope  this saves you from the false advertisement笑
Had the $6 Mac and cheese sans lobster and it was amazing. Service is quick and employees are nice. No hassle when we asked them to refill our (non-alcoholic) drinks before we left. 

Friend raves about the lobsicle. 

Definitely give it a try if you're at the Miracle Mile!笑
Mmmmm LOBSTER grilled cheese!!! I am in lobster heaven right now ! The best part is that its right next to FAT TUESDAYS ....who doesn't like lobster and a frozen margaritas! DELICIOUS !笑
Fried Lobster! What more can I say?

3 stars because it was expensive! and the portions are small! But let me tell you, where can you walk around, get a Fat Tuesday and walk 10 feet and get a lobster on a stick! Such a good combo! 

Lobsicle- $14 but worth a try. Not super large, but it was fried to perfection. Their batter is crispy and not too bready. Very good! Pretty greasy though, especially if they already give you a side of butter. 

Cajun Fries- Absolutely the best Cajun fries I've ever had in my life. I will come back here next time and skip the lobster and order the fries. Soo good!

Lobster and Chips - not worth it. in total, there was probably like 4 bite sized pieces of fried lobster with some fries. Pass on this and get something else on the menu that's more worth it.笑
The food here is bomb!  The lobster Mac n cheese was great and very filling.  We also shared the chowder fries.  This place is awesome and priced right! Check it out if you are in the area.笑
The pics look good but it's really just ok. Lobster was flavorless due to the fact that the lobster meat were previously frozen and not fresh. Nonexistent flavor. Freshness Would've made a world of difference. Considering it was more fast food and really pricey. $16 lobster roll, $12 lobster Mac n cheese (not baked or anything neat, just plain ol Mac n cheese with lobster meat thrown on top) eh. Eh.笑
I'm a lobster fan, just lobster in general.  When I had found out that this place existed, I knew it was over.  Could there be a little more lobster ?! Yes, but then again, I want it all.  It's at a good price point for what is offered on the strip.  Staying on the Strip or eating on the Strip, it will cost a few nickels more as opposed as to eating from some location elsewhere.   I'll admit, I have been going here everyday since I've arrived.  The lobster is fresh and service is pretty decent.  There's a little wait depending on the time of day, but it's well worth it.  Their fries are deliciously twice cooked so you get that extra crunch in each bite.  I liked the lobster rolls, but since there are many-few options on the menu, I'm trying to try them all.  It's a small feat indeed.  Their lobster mac and cheese is simply delectably delicious as well as their lobster mac and cheese fries!  Service is friendly, great product.  If you're on the Strip, stop in for a bite.  It hasn't failed to please.笑
Just the best! If you love lobster you have to try the offerings here. FRESH!
I got a Conn. roll as I am not a huge mayo fan. The drawn butter on the lobster was perfect as was the roll - done how it should be, crispy yet soft on the inside.I normally do not like coleslaw but this one was amazing. The dish also included potato chips that were nicely seasoned and crunchy.
My friend got the lobster mac, enjoyed every bite and was so full at the end. She gave it a 4. (she wished it had been a tad cheesier but that could be personal taste) That said, she would get it again.
Staff could not have been nicer and we were really appreciative of the samples of clam chowder and lobster bisque. (you have to ask!)
So many things I am excited to try the next time I am in town!笑
I LOVE this spot, food is amazing and service is nice. A must stop if you're in Vegas looking for a great eat笑
I've been dying to try this place after seeing the pictures. Well, presentation was awesome... Looked just as appetizing in person. I ordered the large Cajun roll. The gentlemen told me if I liked a kick to chose that one. There was no kick, and the seasoning lacked a little bit. I had to add hot sauce. Besides that, you can tell the lobster is good quality and fresh. Very meaty. I found the large a little small, I can't imagine how small the small is for the price they charge. Overall pretty good.笑
Definitely hit the spot, if you like lobsters as much as I do. This is the place to go to end your lobster craving!

Between my cousin and I, we ordered Lobster & Chips, Lobster Roll, Lobsicle, Lobster Bloody Mary and Lobster Waffle. Yes, we went all out and pig out!

Definitely filling, better come with an empty stomach!!笑
You actually get alot of lobster for the money; very little filler unlike most places.
I think all in all a good value and a must if you're into lobster, good rub on the "classic" roll.笑
This place was absolutely fabulous!!! Being from the East Coast it is always surprising to see a true Lobster Roll in Las Vegas, and Lobster, Me nailed it! The celery salt on top of the Lobster Roll was the perfect final touch.  Can't wait to go back and try out other things on the menu!笑
Lobster ME: First I have to say, this place is very pricey, yes I know it's lobster, but for the price you pay, I would have expected a little more, either in taste or quantity. For a Lobster Roll and combo, which includes fries and drink, was $25.00. 

I ordered the lobster roll with panko or bread crumbs on it. I was expecting chunks of lobster and a couple of claws as stated by other Yelp reviewers. 

My lobster roll consisted of shredded lobster than didn't even fill the ends. It could of used a little more mayo on it, it just seemed lacking a little. The meat was tasty, but for the price, it wasn't quite there. 

I've had some pretty good lobster rolls at other restaurants, this one came up short. My friend had the same sediments as me. He also got the chowder and said it was really runny. 

If the price was less, then what we got for our buck would had been great, but for the price, it needs to stand out more. 

I probably won't be going back, since the price and quantity and quality wasn't worth it to me. 

But I might try the lobster macaroni one of these days there.笑
Our first stop in Vegas! even waited for it to open ;) Its just delioucous lobster. A little expensvie but worth the indulgence. My favorites include the lobster mac and cheese and lobster bisque . YUMM! the only thing is that it takes some time to get the food out. I dont think its freshly made, so couldnt understand why it took so long. Overall this will be a must go everytime I visit vegas!笑
Lame lame lame lame lame. The photos are way too misleading!!! The lobsicle is tiny as heck, and the lobster roll are even more ridiculous. The picture looks way too big than the actual ones. C'mon seriously? $19 for this little meat? Especially it is not even the tail meat. It's from the claws which is cheaper. I'm just so disappointed. Definitely not satisfy with the quality and quantity, but service was great. Nice people.笑
I'd come back for the grilled cheese and lobster bisque. You can also sample the lobster ice cream which surprisingly works.笑
Stopped here for a quick bite before getting on a plane and leaving Sin City.  Had the lobster and chips which were very crispy and flavorful, and a nice cold Blue Moon.  Oh and how could I forget the lobster ice cream...that's right, they have ice cream with chunks of lobster in it.  You HAVE to try just so that you can tell people that you've had it!笑
My friend really wanted to do and try this place because she heard many great things about it. For the price you pay, the amount given is a bit shady. I ordered the lobster mac & chz & my friend ordered one of their lobster rolls. We took it Togo because we were tired from walking around all day and wanted to relax. 

The Mac & chz was kind of bland to me with a strong lobster flavor. The more I ate it, the more I got kind of grossed out because the lobster taste overpowered everything. The mac & chz itself wasn't all that great either. It tastes like the premed Bob Evans mac & chz you buy at the grocery store that you just pop in the microwave.

My friend got the lobster roll, I forgot which one It was. The roll was literally like 3 inches long. & about 2 oz of lobster chunks. It also came with a side of chips & coleslaw (which she never received).

Overall, this place is not worth it. Save your money and go elsewhere!笑
Lobster Me is delicious. The price was well worth it. I was a little skeptical at first about the price but it was really good. I had the Cajun and fries. The Cajun is a little spicy but I loved it. The fries are really good but they should put more on the plate. If you are in Vegas and love lobster, try this place.笑
The LOBSTER shrimp ceviche had ZERO lobster. When I mentioned this to the manager she said "ok". Wow great customer  service. I'm giving 2 stars because the ceviche did taste good and so did the garlic fries but I can get those anywhere. Note to the manager who could barely take her eyes off her laptop to speak to me "Customer service and personality count"笑
Had the Beltway Lobster roll and LOVED it. We'll definitely be back! Wish we had one in Austin!!!笑
Lobster Me is a fast casual joint with mediocre lobster rolls and McDonalds level service. We had two types of rolls with fries and bottled water to drink and spent about $45 for lunch. Both rolls were small, the warm one with butter had a fake butter flavor and the cold one was over peppered. We were not impressed, which was disappointing as we likely would have eaten here several more times during our 4 day stay.笑
Small business located inside of Planet Hollywood and right next to Fat Tuesday!

FOOD:

Connecticut Style Lobster Roll $17
(warm lobster meat tossed in butter)

The lobster rolls here are AMAZING. Lobster tastes fresh and chunky. The bread is fat , soft on the inside, slightly crispy on the outside, and drenched in butter goodness. Only downfall is that all the lobster rolls here are very small. Even though it is served with a complimentary small salad on the side, do expect to still be hungry!

Original Maine Style Lobster Roll $17
(chilled lobster with mayo and spices)

This lobster roll equally had fresh chunky lobster. The flavorings tasted simply like lemon and pepper. Still good, but I prefer mines warm.

Clam Chowder +$4
The clam chowder was good. The soup was not gelatinous but was smooth. It had good chunks of potatoes and other good stuff.

Blueberry Lemonade $4
This drink was really good. Not too sour. Not too sweet. Just perfect.

Apple Cider $4
This drink is really unique. It doesn't have a strong apple flavor, but more of a orange spiced apple. 

Overall, good places to go for quality lobster. But VERY expensive for such small portion sizes. Great place if you don't have a huge appetite!笑
Good service!
Fast food preparation!
And amazing food.
My first time here with my buddy and we got the lobster roll which was so amazing that we ordered the grilled cheese lobster to go for the road. I would definitely recommend this spot!笑
Lobster roll was so yummy. And the roll bread was soft and delicious. Highly recommended, though pretty expensive for a mall lunch.笑
Once again you find me at Lobster Me. I couldn't come to Vegas without stopping at one of the best and cheapest places to get my lobster fix. This is only a small place in the Venetion. You must wait in line to pick out what you would like to eat. They give you a big number to put on your table and bring it out to you as it's ready. I could eat here every day and have been known to do just that. I'm suggesting that if you want a nice meal for a decent price, this should be a place you must consider.  The Lobster is flown in fresh and everything tastes absolutely like it was from the east coast. I had lobster chowder and a lobster roll and my husband had a crab roll.笑
Decent food with high prices (even high for Vegas).

Lobster Me was known for their lobster ice cream.  They don't have it anymore.  They are also known for their lobster rolls.  The lobster was a decent portion but it wasn't sweet nor was it very tasty.  There is almost no seating and the little seating there is, you have to battle the "Bro's" that are at Fat Tuesday.  

I'd give it more stars if it weren't so darn expensive.  I mean it wasn't BAD, it just wasn't really good and worth the price.笑
When in Vegas, I suggest you try this place. The Lobster roll & shrimp were impressive. Lobster chips are awesome. The service is very friendly & attentive girls, they asked us to ask questions....i like this lil place.

the Lobster shooter was amazing too.笑
We got the Connecticut lobster roll and lobster grilled cheese. The roll is very small not worth the money but the lobster grill cheese was awesome and worth the price. We came back the next day and bought 2 orders for the road. Definitely would recommend making a stop here anytime your in the Miracle Shops or Planet Hollywood and need a simple quick meal.笑
It was eh..I only tried this place kuz working in planet Hollywood I got the employee discount
Had the Cajun roll And honestly for what I paid id thought it be better.
Tried the lobster Mac and cheese barely any lobster..
So I tried the clam chowder on two seperate occasions first time delicious went back and the clam chowder tasted so watered down disgusting. Haven't been back since
Fries were great tho that I cannot complain笑
Nice lobster grilled cheese for just $10. Great for a quick bite. I should try their rolls & sandwich next time.笑
I had the original lobster roll, my husband had the lobster grilled cheese, both delicious. Great option if you are in Vegas and looking for a quick bite for lunch.笑
Wow amazing! A little expensive but what in Vegas worth its salt isn't? Whole lobster claw served in the chowder, I'd have liked it shredded or what not but this way there isn't any room for arguing about the completeness of your lobster. I also got a claw in my bloody marry and she got the Mac with whole claw. Delicious bread crumbs on the top of that cheesy delight. This place is from Maine (ME) and all America.笑
I've had Lobster Mac and Cheese twice in my life and this was definitely better of the 2. Located in the Miracle Mile of Planet Hollywood it turned out pretty convenient from where we were staying to bring back to our hotel. It was also reasonably priced at $13 for the entree item, I was feeling so full from eating out all weekend I didn't want to order any side items. I'd definitely come back and try something else here though.笑
I'm writing a review after a second visit to this location. 

My first visit to this spot was quite some time ago and I absolutely fell in love with the MAINE roll. Soft rolls and a heaping serving of shredded lobster and a large chunk of a whole single claw I believe. I also ordered the lobster bisque which was to-die-for. Creamy and warm and not too spicy.

My last visit to this spot was just the other day to meet a family member. So I ordered the Maine Roll once again. My boyfriend ordered the Lobster and Chips. We got our order and were SO DISAPPOINTED! I'd received a sad little sandwich. The meat was at least filling. BUT, I advise my average meals are child-size servings, so this was okay for ME but definitely not for the average person. The food was good but I honestly was still starving. My boyfriend Lobster and Chips WERE PATHETIC. I'd never seen a serving of fries look this sad. It looked like they threw 10 fries into the box and maybe 4 SMALL pieces of lobster tots. SUCH a waste of money. I've seen tapas plates more plentiful than this.

Overall, I will NEVER re-order again. The food was good but I spent $32 on 2 items and was not satisfied. I am always willing to spend on quality over quantity, but these items did not make rank.笑
Lobster me NOW!

This place is located in the mall of Planet Hollywood right next to Fat Tuesday's. I walked by this place a couple times during my stay at the Elara, and finally decided to give it a try. The menu was simple.

What I ordered:
Cajun Lobster Roll - HOLY MOLY. This roll was worth the $20 (or maybe it was $17). They gives generous amounts of lobster and the spice is just fantastic. So much flavor bursting in my mouth, and it didn't overpower the lobster. Every bite was much too perfect with the buttery bun it comes on... wow. If you think $20 is too expensive for a roll, please keep in mind that IT IS LOBSTER... in a desert :P
Lobster Salad - Nothing to special about this salad. I wanted something healthy, but still try the lobster here. I ended up eating just the lobster and a few bites of salad, ha. Nothing too special about this one.

Service was good and very friendly. A verity of beverages to choose from. Give it a try! You won't be disappointed :)笑
My girlfriend's and I were walking around Planet Hollywood waiting for our table at BurGR, and we were starving, so we decided to grab a snack at this place. I loved that they had a lot of different lobster dishes, and so we decided to try the lobster & chips. 

As I was waiting in line, the girl at the counter didn't call me over to tell me it was my turn, instead, just gave me a look, like, are you ready yet? Um, yeah, I'm waiting in line. The register tape ran out of paper, so she went to get some more, acting very obviously annoyed with it and slamming it down. We decided to wait at the bar adjacent to the register, since all the smaller tables were taken. 

The bartender brought out my beer, with the cap on, placed it in front of me and walked away. Excuse me, the cap is still on. She says, oh, it's a twist cap. So I ask her for a napkin so I can twist the cap, and she says never mind, and proceeds to twist the cap for me with an attitude. I'm sorry, don't bartenders typically twist the cap off your beer for you when they serve it? 

The lobster and chips was good. I liked the light batter around the lobster, but would have definitely liked more than 7 pieces for $13. We also sampled the lobster ice cream, not sure what to make of it, but I didn't really get it. 

I was so disappointed with the service that I don't think I'll be back.笑
I come here for one thing the clam chowder. I'm not a big fan of anything else cause my favorite rolls are from slapfish and the lobster bisque is a bit too weird cheesey for me. However, the clam chowder omg idk why it's so good. It has such amazing flavors! And when it's nice and thick and creamy on better days..yess笑
The trio taco is awesome. All three are great! I'm very picky and this place was surprisingly very very good.笑
Lobster roll my girlfriend ordered was delicious. A little pricey but you get a fair amount of lobster meat. I had the fish and chips and wish I had ordered a roll myself. 

The french fries are decent, but nothing special and the fish I was told was atlantic cod but the texture was all wrong. The batter was ok but uninspiring. It tasted like the ff and the fish had both been deep fried in the same oil. After eating two of the triangle fish nuggets I gave up and stared at my girlfriends roll. -1 star

Next time I will stick with what they do best

The boards were easy to read above the walk up and order counter but they have limited seating. If you stick to just ordering a roll you can forgo a table and sit on nearby benches. 

Overall pretty good, I will be back and can recommend this as a good spot to fix a lobster roll craving in a hurry!笑
Love the lobster! Super flavorful and delicious in every bite.

So my cousin and I ordered the lobster roll and the lobster Mac and cheese. As mentioned, it tasted awesome! The only bad part is its portion. It's not filling at all. When my cousin received the Mac and cheese, he was really disappointed to see the small container that he paid $15 for. I had the similar experience when I opened the box to the $19 lobster roll. I guess lobster is that expensive and more of a luxury treat. 

I would probably come back if I had extra to spend and needed a bite.笑
Well worth it! got the Cajun roll and lobster melt it was bomb diggity...girl even took my wet money with a smile笑
I had a drink, chowder fries and lobster grilled cheese for 19$, which is a good deal. 

Food was good, service not that fast but they were so busy.

It was crowded and not enough space.

Will definitely come back笑
I really like the lobster melts cost 10 bucks but the Connecticut lobster row 19 I felt it needed a sauce. I felt for the price you can put it in a bigger French bread.笑
Walking around miracle mile shops I had this feeling in the pit of my stomach that Lobster Me was located here but yelp was acting slower than a snail at this time. When I saw that gold sign I swear I squealed like a little piglet! 
 
lobster grilled cheese $11- so damn good. Right amount of cheese with the right around of lobster! It had different cheeses inside & not just american. 

Lobster Mac & Cheese $12- this was the highlight of my day! I've been wanting to try lobster Mac & Cheese forever. It was so delicious with so much lobster meat. It wasn't dry or overcooked which was perfect! It is a little portion but I think it was a good amount to be shared by 2 little girls like us. 

I want to come back and try everything on the menu. So, see you soon lobster me!笑
I'd have to agree with some of the other Yelpers. $24 Dollars for a combo is kind of outrageous. The sandwich has a lot of meat, so I guess I can see why that's $19 (debatable for sure). A $4 upcharge for a coke and a couple of fries is good evidence of being overpriced though. I'm wishing now I would've gotten The Melt or Cajun roll. The Connecticut kind of made me wish I just went and got an actual tail somewhere. I can dip the tail in butter at least. It's important to note, I've never actually had a lobster roll before. I've been wanting one since "Lobster Day" last year, and I'm seriously on a mission to find another place.... Hopefully, Atlanta will do it justice.笑
I was so disappointed coming back to this location the lobster had a fishy smell taste awful the lobster sandwich I literally spit it out of my mouth the deep fried lobster the better came right off it was not crunchy it was more like biting into oil lobster The grilled lobster was raw in the middle and it taste like it was spoiled The reason I went to this location was the corporate office asked me to redo my order she told me she'll have everything taken care of but when I got there they had no idea of what was going on I informed the corporate office that I was going back with my family and kids so she told me she'll take care of my order but it was more like give him the spoiled seafood I will not definitely ever tried this location or their other locations at all. KRISTEN Marketing manager YOU Ask me to come back just to make me sick  of you're seafood. After tasting your food it made me sick. To My stomach, you made me assume the second time the food would've been at least eatable if I could have given this my opinion they should close it down this food is unhealthy on safe to eat. The quality of their seafood is probably a very low-grade lobster you shouldn't even say your seafood comes from Maine I no what is good fresh seafood taste like but this was just not acceptable at all.笑
It's food on the strip. When is food on the strip ever 5 star worthy? Never. 

I got the lobster grilled cheese with cajun fries. The lobster grilled cheese was pretty good for what it was but it wasn't amazing. Like everyone else said, I wish there was more lobster meat in it. 2 stars for that.

Added an additional 1 star for their cajun fries. The best cajun fries I've ever had. It was actually SPICY. I'd probably just only get their cajun fries next time as a snack and nothing else.笑
I guess not too many people have lived on the East Coast based on the reviews. Small portion, over cooked, lacking flavor is what I experienced. A major disappointment after a very long day at work. I would be an idiot if I ever wasted my hard earned dollars on this place again.笑
I had the chance to try their lobster mac and cheese+ tator tots. I was not impressed, i found myself not wanting more after a few bites..The lobster left me with a bad after taste and the it wasn't cheesy enough. I didn't enjoy the combination together, definitely not coming back.笑
El diablo lobster roll: Flavorless and small portion $18

Lobster mac & cheese: flavorless and dry (had to add ketchup to eat) $12

Chowder fries: pretty nice! Small portion for $6

Its no wonder people are flocking to chipotle right around the corner. For a fast food style restaurant the prices and portions are a downer even on the strip.笑
This is my favorite place for an awesome lobster sandwich!! I've had lobster sandwiches in many different places but nowhere compares. The sandwich is perfectly grilled with butter and filled with large chunks of lobster. I typically like the sauces on the side so I can control the amount I like, usually on the lighter side.
This is a MUST stop every time I'm in Vegas!!笑
DO NOT GET LOBSTER CHIPS. $13 for little bit of fried lobster and some fries. RIP OFF. If you decide to come here. Order something.笑
I was so excited to try this place!  We ordered the lobster roll and expected it to be outstanding but ended up being pretty disappointed.  $19 is normal for a lobster roll, but these ones were so not worth the price.  It's a pretty small roll so sides are definitely a must if you want to be full.  Ours came with one or two chunks of lobster surrounded by a lot of minced chunks.  Not at all what I've seen in pictures!  There really isn't any taste to them either.  The lobster isn't sweet, it's not buttery, not much seasoning to accompany the overall blandness. But, that's what I should've expected from a fast food type shop.笑
The lobster tacos were a quick midday treat. Definitely better than average. The sauce, toppings, and lobster all tasted fresh and the flavor combo was great. I would eat here again for sure.笑
Food is decent, not the best I've had. Not worth the price though. For a place that claims they exist for the love of lobster, they're pretty stingy, but I guess vegas is stingy in general.笑
Connecticut Lobster Roll, yum. Toasted texas toast, warm buttered lobster, what more do you need? Oh yes, chips and coleslaw. I love that it comes with chips and coleslaw, some places it is just the roll for the same price.笑
So one of my buddies from Hawaii went to Vegas and I got permission from the hottie to spend a gambling weekend with him.  Since we hit the tables non stop the entire weekend, food was just a secondary thought.  However, I did want to try this joint the last time I was in Vegas so we went there for an afternoon snack.

Be prepared to spend about $20 for a lobster roll and if you have a big appetite the lobster roll will not fill you up.  But you do get a pretty generous portion of lobster on your roll and it is quite tasty.  Since this was my first time there, I went with the original lobster roll but my friend got the cajun lobster roll.  He said it was very good.  

Next time I think I'll try the lobster mac and cheese..... hhhhmmmmm......cheeeeeesseeee.笑
I didn't really know how to rate this place. So let me give it a shot!!!!!

Pros - The food was real good

Cons - The wait was crazy long. There wasn't anyone in front of me and it took way too long. I feel like the price was too high. 

Done!!!!!笑
I was really excited to try this place for a quick bite. I had the Mac n cheese and it was delicious. The lobster tasted fresh and the noodles were a great texture. The only thing I was disappointed in is that I wanted to try the lobster bisque soup and they did not have it the day I went.笑
I'm thankful that my friend brought me to this place or else I would've never discovered it. I ordered the Maine Style Lobster Roll. Melts in your mouth and makes you want seconds. Coming back the next time I'm in Vegas! *No longer limited to Earl's*笑
Maine lobster + butter = awesome. I had the beltway AND the Connecticut, with fresh squeezed lemonade. Yum.笑
Had lunch here today with my husband.  We ordered the Diablo lobster roll, lobster mac and cheese and a 24 oz can Corona beer.  The cost was $18, $12, and &10 plus tax.  My goodness, $10 for a can of beer???  The nice restaurants only charge $6-7.  The lobster roll was so small, it looks more like 1/2 a serving, it's ridiculous that they charge you $18.  The lobster mac and cheese was also very small with some bits of chopped up lobster bits.  There was no cheese in the mac and cheese that I could taste. The lobster roll tasted good but the portion is just crazy little.  Won't be coming back.笑
Good lobster and very fresh. The staff was helpful, it was fairly pricey but we are talking about lobster笑
Yummy Yummy Yummy! We ate here 3 times during our week stay in Las Vegas. Top dish was the Lobster Grilled Cheese - sounds strange, but it was mighty tasty! Next we tried the Connecticut Lobster Roll - sweet buttery deliciousness! Lobster Mac & Cheese was pretty good followed by the Lobster Fries. I would not order the fries again - they were better without the toppings. Overall I am sure I will dream of Lobster ME until we visit again!笑
Would I pay for a lobster roll that's the size of a tiny chipmunk? YES. 

Who knew you can have delicious $10 lobster rolls in a food court stand? A small sandwich, for sure, packed full of sweet and salty lobster, and guess what? I don't even like lobster. (crab legs for the win!) But this sandwich I love and I would eat it again in a heart beat (if I was rich). 

Now as much as I promote their rolls (specially their Maine roll?) their lobster mac and cheese is left to be desired. Tasty and cheesy mac and cheese with the tiniest bits of lobster. It was kind of sad. Not worth the price. Go for the lobster roll instead.笑
QUICK AND TASTY SEAFOOD 

I like how it's a "fast-food" seafood joint. Here's the goods and bads:

Lobster grilled cheese was bomb. Totally worth the price it was cheaper than lobster roll. 

Lobster Roll Connecticut style: really good! The lobster meat was chunky and abundant. Heads up this roll is pretty small. Much smaller than the pictures but it's still filling. But if you're a big dude order two. 

Difference between Maine and Connecticut is the Maine is cold lobster and Cont. is warm lobster in butter sauce.

Lobster Mac and Cheese: thick shell pasta, cheesy and delicious! A good amount of lobster meat. 

PASS:  Lobster Bisque: more like Lobster WATER!!! Bisque is usually thicker and have chunks of lobster and veggies but this one here was the opposite. It was straight watery lobster soup. Skip it.

Blueberry lemonade was sweet and yummy!

Tip: if you add a combo you can substitute the drink for a beer for $2 more!

PS. As you can see by  my picture the lobster rolls are pretty small.  But what I'm confused about is why our rolls didn't come with the huge claw meat on top like all the other pictures show???  Manager should be alerted that this place isn't consistent.笑
Lobsicle, a deep fried lobster tail on a stick with a slice of lemon and butter. Fatness and roughly 14 hot burning dollars in your mouth. Totally good and worth it if you're winning! 

Fries were pretty generous for the price and they have free samples of their lobster ice cream! It was interesting but not my kind of thing.笑
Pretty damn good flavor but could stand to be a lot larger and a whole lot less expensive. But what the hell, it's Vegas!笑
The Lobsicle is a great invention. Lobster on a stick. Yummy. Fairly quick, we tried both the grilled and the deep fried笑
Lobster ME "NOT" I read some review and said "what the hay lets give it a try" The bread was soft buttery and nicely toasted. About the size of a large hot dog bun. It is stuffed with claw meat and knuckle meat as my server told me. There is no tail meat in there or anywhere to be found. Not in the soup, not in the Mac & Cheese, not in the ice cream nowhere. Where is it????? If you go let me know if you find any... 

The servers were young and cute, they will try to sucker you into ordering a lot of food. Because, nothing comes with.... 
At $16.00 a pop (Small) $22.00 large this is not reasonable for a place that looks like a fast food joint. You can easily spend $55.00 for two. By then you'll need a shot.... 

Yeah the bread part was tasty, and yes there is some lobster. But, lets get down to brass taxes here. The lobster should be front and center. Sad to say, It was tasteless. No seasoning in the steaming pot, I'm sure. So sorry people, but where are your taste buds? You have none or you haven't been to Joe's Stone Crabs better yet, Maine for that matter. There was a bit of salt and pepper on top to tickle your maiden taste buds but for the mature, go elsewhere.....笑
I've worked for a fish market with chefs that prepare fresh lobster in a variety of awesome ways and this place was ok.  for the price it wasn't anything special as far as taste or value.  most of the lobster seemed to be overcooked so I feel like their times for cooking things were off.  The lobster mac and cheese was a very cheesy dish where you could barely distinguish the lobster on top because the cheese sauce was so sharp.    the lobster and chips had deep fried lobster pieces that were completely dry and chewy from being overcooked.  I did not try their lobster roll but based on the "specialties" I can't imagine it being anything special.  according to my car mates the lobster grilled cheese was pretty good and their fries were alright.  For lobster the prices were ok so I guess this is what happens when you try to take a high end food ingredient to the fast food arena where precision and expert preparation are hard to achieve.笑
Love their garlic fries and cajun seasoning. They use actual garlic and peppers instead of something out of a shakers. My dining companions loved the deep fried lobster. Great place to try out while shopping笑
This place is right next to Fat Tuesday at Planet Hollywood. My boyfriend and I ordered the grilled cheese so I can only give a review on this one order. Based on this grilled cheese, I would love to try out everything else on their menu! I was skeptical as to how much lobster there really is in the grilled cheese but surprisingly, our sandwich had a lot of lobster! The sisters that work there are the funniest people too! They were so positive and they gave us recommendations. They cleaned up the tables pretty fast so other people can have a seat as they eat and they were all very accommodating which I very much appreciate.笑
Expected more. Got the large original lobster roll and lobster grill cheese. Lobster roll was ok. Pricey for a hot dog bun stuffed with bland, recently frozen lobster. The grill cheese was really good, but the lobster didn't add much. Lobster Me is located in Planet Hollywood and there are a ton of interesting choices to try next.笑
So good! Everything looked and tasted fresh. Highly recommend if you want a light, tasty lunch笑
I really enjoyed their lobster sandwiches. I would definitely come back to try different options but their home made chips are awesome as well! I would opt out on the cole slaw, nothing too unique. But their staff is great as well.笑
This place is bomb. If you want lobster displayed as a tiny portion at some fancy schmansy restaurant, do just that. This is the perfect meal to share after a night of insanity, it hits the spot. I've read other reviews that there isn't enough lobster on the roll, but I must have gotten lucky because this was loaded with lobster and delish sauce. Definitely will be coming back for a carb-load hangover fix笑
Ridiculous culinary experience at great prices.  The concept is just amazing.  I liken this to a food truck experience; gourmet but not formal.

Jumbo Lobster Sandwich:  A+
Fantastic value for the portion size.  Sauce was great, real HUGE chunks of lobster served over a toasted bun.  I will be back for this.  Granted its a bit pricey, but really its lobster.

Lobster Ice Cream:  A
I'll give an A because it tasted great, had real chunks of lobster in it, and was incredibly innovative.

Lobster Mac & Cheese:  A-
A little too cheesy; not as much lobster.

Fries:  C
Mediocre at best.  Great filler

I'll be back here.  Also, its located right next to Fat Tuesday so you should grab one of those while you're at it.  

PROTIP:  Great drunk food.笑
So now that I've been to New England, I'm writing a more fair review. I've more respect and appreciation for Lobster ME. They've changed many things since the last time I've been here. New menu items! The freezer in front where they house their lobster ice cream is now in the back. That ice cream was the reason I fell out of love for this place.

Price-wise, it's inexpensive for the amount and quality of lobster you get on their lobster rolls...and you're saving money for not having to take a trip to New England! They'll charge you the same price for a lobster roll in New England anyway. $17 for a regular Maine-style lobster roll or $23 for large. But wait, if you're local, you get 20% off! 

The bun on the lobster roll is buttery and toasted. Generous amounts of lobster with large claws on top. From their new menu, I tried garlic fries. It was very garlicky, yum! 

And now the Benadryl is kicking in...can't write anymore. Zzz...笑
Walking through the Miracle Mile Shops and found this spot next to Fat Tuesday.  A win win!!  We had dinner reservations but had to try them out so we shared an Old Bay Lobster Roll, Cajun Fries and Clam Chowder.  Wished the roll was a bit bigger but it was yummy.  Fries were perfectly cooked and the chowder was great too!  Definitely will come back.笑
the best deal in las vegas for food.  i brought my whole family to eat from here and it was a hit!!  We got the lobster sticks (whole lobster meat on a stick the size a full lobster tail covered perfectly with fried batter)! And its quality lobster meat. Usually that amount of lobster meat would cost $20 at a nice dinner restaurant where you eat the meat off a tail. 

We also had the Connecticut (warm) Lobster Roll and doused it with the side of butter. this is the time i tell my self "hey, you only live once, butter it up!" Yummy and perfect with the Lobsicle lobster stick. i was so full!

Tip. make sure you save yourself a seat! if  no seats initially, sit at Fat Tuesday seats and get a drink from there! Good with lobster me food.笑
Lobster Me is the perfect place for someone like me who is OBSESSED with seafood. I dream about anything and everything with lobster in it so stopping by here was a must on my last trip to Vegas. 

Too bad this place definitely didn't live up to my high expectations. It seemed extremely overpriced for what we got. And we were still hungry after.. So I somehow paid $28 for a small amount of food and I got to go back to my hotel hungry. 

I'll come back to try the lobster ice cream though. That sounds super interesting..笑
Oh Lobsta, Lobsta, Lobsta!  

I do luv all things crustacean so you didn't have to drag me here for a lobster roll.  I've actually had some off the food trucks in Cali and really enjoyed them.  So I was eager to try the one's here. 

Combo Lobster roll with Garlic Tater Tots ~ http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/lobster-me-las-vegas#2Lng3Y1DRRiTZgwO36aW_A  They offer 2 sizes medium or large.  I went with a medium and I have to say it had a decent amount of lobster meat in it.  The roll was buttered and grilled up on both sides.  It was perfect meat to bread ratio.  I went with the original flavor with a touch of mayo and lemon.  The menu only listed garlic fries but I like tots so I asked for switch-a-roo and asked for my tots to be married with garlic.

Here is my close up of the lobster seconds before it was consumed http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/lobster-me-las-vegas#yWfRR2jZGPrkV1wMVUNebQ

Ladies there is no pretty way of eating these so just shove it in your mouth and enjoy!  Worry about the mess later LOL!  It can get pretty pricey depending on what you order.  In the end it is lobster meat that your getting. 

Eyes ~ Oh Lobster Meeeeeee!
Nose ~ I smell a hint of garlic from my tots!.
Ear ~ Peeps walking by.
Mouth ~ So very very good!.
Tummy ~ Satisfied!笑
As someone who goes to Vegas way too many times a year, walking around the same casinos can get a little monotonous (need to take a break from gambling, somehow and somewhere) That's why if there's anything new and food-related that pops up, I'm immediately curious and will want to try -- even if my stomach is full. Hey, I'll make room.

So, walking around Planet Hollywood shops, we stumbled upon Lobster ME (as in abbreviation for Maine), adjacent to a Fat Tuesday. If I recall correctly, this space was previously a Godiva. Front and center, they immediately claimed to have the world's best lobster roll. Oh really. I needed to find out for myself.

They have some other unique items, like lobster and eggs, lobster and waffles, lobster grilled cheese, lobster mac 'n cheese, and the lobsicle (gasp, another lobster-on-a-stick version, similar from the truck I just tried back home in OC). Plus, they have... wait for it... lobster ice cream. But I'll talk about that a bit later.

So with a belly stuffed with Earl of Sandwiches, I managed to make enough room to try their lobster roll for $16 (plus I split with several people). That's for the regular size. If you want a bigger size, it's $22. The lobster roll is pretty decent. I've had my fair share from the East coast, fancy versions from LA restaurants, and plus from an LA-based food truck. So all kinds of lobster rolls.

This lobster roll had a nice and toasty, buttered roll, with a slight crisp. Inside, it was stuffed with plenty of lobster meat from the tail. On the outside, they put the claw meat. This lobster roll isn't mayo-based, but with butter -- just enough so that it's not overpowering the meat. Flavor-wise, I thought it was fine. No need to over-salt, fancy seasonings or sauces.

We tried a small sample of the lobster ice cream. It was pretty disgusting. It was like tasting a mouthful of butter ice cream with little pieces of frozen lobster chunks inside. Intriguing, but just not a good combo -- but it gets people talking about it though.

So 3 stars strictly just for the lobster roll. Everything else on the menu? Eh, not so sure if it's worth trying. But hey, I'm a purist when it comes to lobster. Simplicity is everything. Lobster should be consumed steamed with a subtle touch of butter. You want to taste the meat. All these other dishes incorporated with lobster seem to be just a gimmick.笑
This used to be our favorite lobster roll place, but they just recently changed the menu. It may be a little expensive but for it's price of $19 the roll already comes with coleslaw and chips, but this was before. Now the menu still has the same price of $19 but this time no chips, only lobster roll and coleslaw - for the same price of $19. Really? It did said on the menu board though that the roll is served with pickle and coleslaw, but when we got our order there was no pickle - only the roll and coleslaw. But even with the pickle replacing the chips, it's still not worth it's price anymore. BRING BACK THE CHIPS!!!笑
I came to Las Vegas with my husband, who is here for business, so I'm on my own during the day.  I was walking around the Miracle Mile Shops and was looking for something for lunch.  I saw Lobster Me and decided to get the Original Maine Lobster Roll Combo.  It was delicious and loaded with lobster !!!  I agree that it's pricey, but it is lobster, and I've had more expensive lobster rolls that were not as good as this was !!   All the workers there were extremely nice, so that just topped it off for me.  I'll be back for another lobster roll, with my husband, this week before we leave Vegas.笑
DISCLAIMER: REVIEW FOR LOBSICLE

-bomb
-$14
-lobster on a stick
-large
-juicy
-side of lemon
-side of melted butter (mmm!)
-fried in light tasty batter
-try it笑
Love this place!!!!  Great lobster rolls, when you consider you are in the desert.  Prices are fair, customer service was good, place was clean.  My only complaint is that there is not ample seating.  We have a family of 5, so it was difficult to find a table and when we did, we had to share seats.  Tables are also very close to one another, and you can hear conversations from your neighbors  Otherwise, not too shabby.  4 stars笑
Gave this place another chance and they came thru. Had ct style lobster roll. Still have fantastic split rolls but this time the lobster meat was much better.笑
Best lobster we've had in a long time!

I think the key is to go there for breakfast and be the first ones in line. Everything you get is freshly cooked and it is definitely worth waking your ass up for even though you're hungover. 

We got the lobster mac n cheese, lobsicle, lobster roll, and lobster ice cream. Each dish was better than the next. Amazing!

We are fans for life and we are already salivating just thinking of the next time we're in Vegas!笑
Great food, flavor and not unreasonable in price. I mean, yes it is 19 bucks for a drink and a lobsicle but 1) its freakin lobster people! And 2) you're in Vegas, everything is expensive here. Friendly staff, less than 10 minute wait time, great locations. Hoping they expand to California at some point!!!笑
For what it's worth, Lobster Me is a decent fast-casual place to eat. I've had the experience of having fresh seafood on the East Coast, and nothing on the West will ever compare to what you get in cities like Boston. But, I believe Lobster Me tries hard to make their seafood tasty, and what they do with their seafood works for them. 

Conveniently located in Miracle Mile, I was able to walk here from my hotel room in about 5 minutes. Lobster Me is an order and pay at the counter type place, which worked for me!

All three people in my party who ate here ordered the Original Lobster Roll. This was their no frills roll -- filled only with lobster, a couple of their "house" spices and stuffed in a delicious piece of bread. Each roll was $24. Pricey, but you're in Vegas!

Our food came out in about 5 minutes. I really enjoyed my Lobster Roll and thought the lobster was fresh for Western standards and very tasty with all the spices they threw on the meat. But, the two other people that were eating with me were born and raised on the East Coast, and both of them said the lobster was only "ok". One of them didn't like the spices that they put on the lobster and she even picked some of the lobster pieces off and didn't eat them. We all agreed that the bread was delicious though.  We also ordered a side of fries and we all really liked the fries as well.

Overall, just your average seafood place. Nothing special, but nothing horrible either. Check it out when you're in Vegas since it's worth at least one visit!

Cheers!笑
I am a New Englander by birth. You tell me there is a joint, landlocked in this Valley of Las Vegas, that will make me a fresh and delicious lobster roll? Until today I would call you a liar and probably spit on your shoe! 
It's real. The unicorn that is a freshly made, legitimate lobster roll in Vegas has been found!
My fiancee chose the Cajun style and I chose Classic Maine style.. I didn't get to try his (by the time I thought to ask he was finished) but mine hearkened back to camping near Bar Harbor as a little girl. So freaking good. Perfect amount of mayo, fresh lemon wedge, just a tiny bit of salt pepper and minced parsley. OMG. It even came on a toasty buttered split top bun! 
The only thing I was not so jazzed about was the price. We had the two medium sized rolls and two fountain Cokes.. it came to $43. That is just insane, but I am a sucker for snacks!笑
Ordered: Lobster and eggs.

Middle school tater-tots
Didn't taste the lobster in the eggs

Wasn't worth my $10 :/笑
One of the many quick spots to eat on the strip, that is overpriced and underwhelming.  The lobster roll was supposed to be the star, but was not memorable.  Portion size was okay, but everything was dry and not fresh.  The lobster mac and cheese was not special either. There are plenty of other places around town that can replicate this dish.  If I am at Planet Hollywood, I would stick with Earl of Sandwich for a quick meal instead. If on the strip there is a place down the street serving up fresh tasting, heaping portions of a Maine lobster roll, with better ambience. 

*****Yelp 2016 100 challenge*****
11/100笑
This is located in the Miracle Mile Shopping mall in Vegas.  It's in a mini-food court section.  I found the food to be relatively bland and overpriced. Despite the potential, this is typical food-court faire.笑
This place is located inside the Planet Hollywood Hotel/Casino in the mall area. I saw it last time i was there so this time decided to try it ok for one it's lobster so prices are going to on the expensive side. I opted for the maine lobster roll combo which is the lobster roll, fries and a drink total came out to about 21 bucks for the small size the larger size was like 25 bucks not including the combo I got the small which was 17 w/o the combo which is not worth it in my opinion but again it's lobster lol next time i'll try the lobster mac & cheese or the lobster bisque bread bowl those prices were a little better. Oh they also were advertising lobster ice cream but i didnt want to try it even though it was ice cream lol.笑
I loved lobster me before the menu change.  I have no issue paying $23-$27 for a large lobster roll, but I won't pay $17 for what amounts to a lobster slider.  The quality of the meat and bread is great, but the size available now is great if you're a child or over 85 and don't eat like an adult.  Last visit...too bad.笑
Ordered the infamous LOBSICLE and lobster bisque. If you're thinking of only ordering the LOBSICLE, make sure you order another one (don't order the lobster bisque.. Lol). The LOBSICLE is super small.. Tastes good but for the price... Umm.. And the bisque..there's definitely a hint of lobster taste there. More like lobster water..笑
They should change their slogan to "World's smallest lobster roll" instead of world's best. I swear the portions get smaller by the day. The roll I had today probably 1/2 the size if not smaller than when they opened. I won't be back.笑
A friend of mine recently moved to Maine and has been torturing me via social media with constant pictures of lobster rolls. Did you know, out by Bangor, they have vending machines that sell lobster dirt-cheap that are restocked daily?! That's crazy!

Lobster ME doesn't have vending machines, but they do have lobster rolls- stick to the classic Original Maine style with a touch of mayo and spices, or dare to try the new Beltway version with Old Bay, shallots, chives, and breadcrumbs. Anything else is blasphemous. 

If you're really feeling daring, add on the chowder fries and a drink for an extra $6- they're like chili cheese fries, but with chowder instead of chili, plus green onions and bacon bits. They're downright intoxicating, if you have the calories to spare.

Bonus star for quick service and 20% off local discount- it's a smallish (hot-dog sized) but meaty roll for $17, which is actually on par with pricing in other landlocked states (so minimal Strip markup?), but the discount makes it especially nice. A $20 lunch, which is pretty much the minimum for the Strip, and the quality is actually really good for a food court-style setting.笑
Went there tonight for dinner, ordered the traditional lobster roll which ran me $23, was filled with tasty lobster meat, my very first one so have nothing to compare it to, enjoyed it but it was kind of pricey, this place is located in the Miracle Mile Shops next to Planet Hollywood Casino, which is a pretty cool mall as malls go.笑
Ok so I figure I better catch up on my reviews since I was on vacation going back and forth from Frisco to Vegas (home). 

LM is the only thing on my brain when I am over at Miracle Mile shops area at Planet Hollywood. 

Mmmm yum yes! Lobster Roll me up baby!

This is the location I frequent the most here in Las Vegas, ok so I was out with a group for dinner and a show, there were five of us at the time. The Staff had no issues getting our big ass order together. (Dan was super cool and patient with us)

We ordered a lot, no holds barred this night.

Lobster Roll
Fish and Chips
Lobster mac and cheese
Lobster grilled cheese sandwich something, it was Amazing!!! 
Chowder bread bowl
Big basket of crunchy fried chips/fries
Slaw 

This visit was crazy but fun, I wish I could eat here every day but I know is not practical. I don't think I could ever get tired of their menu seriously.

I highly encourage ordering my three favorite items, lobster mac and cheese, fish and chips and lobster roll/sandwich.

In my opinion the prices are standard, I mean you get what you pay for, I think the quality is high and worth what you get. This is a specialty meal menu, you can't find Maine style lobster rolls or lobster mac and cheese on every corner.笑
Service is always lacking at Vegas strip centers, but not at Lobster Me.  Cathy at the register had great recommendations and also let my crazy wife make all of her "necessary" changes and requests.

My wife just said "I wish I could put Cathy in my suitcase and take her home for our business" but that might be the Fat Tuesday drinks talking.笑
In a city dominated by corporate chain restaurants and celebrity-starred restaurants, restaurants like Lobster Me are a dying breed. With no Gordon Ramsay or Joel Robuchon advertising for it, its only star is... The Lobster!

Lobster Me's entire menu revolved around the wonderful crustacean that is the Lobster.  Spanning from the original Lobster Rolls to the Lobster Banh Me Sandwich to the Lobster Mac & Cheese, you can't avoid the main star of the restaurant.

My friend and I found Lobster Me after coming tru the parking garage @ Planet Hollywood. Being the Lobster lover I am, I begged my friend to try Lobster Me as well.
I ordered the Lobster Mac & Cheese with the french fries (covered with lobster seasoning powder) and a fresh lemonade. My buddy tried the Lobsicle (a stick of grilled lobster meat) with the homemade potato chips.

There was plenty of lobster in my Mac & Cheese. Even though the mac & cheese wasn't one of those gourmet mac & cheeses you would usually expect at a high end restaurant, it gets the job done. I loved it, even though I would probably not get the fries in the future because it wasn't that good. My buddy raved about the Lobsicle, deeming it a masterpiece and the lobster flesh succulent. 

Service was good. The employees consistently came around our tables to ask if we needed anything and offered us refills on our sodas. (no refills on that delicious lemonade). The only negative thing I could say about Lobster Me are the high prices of their food fare, considering it's "fast food". A meal per guest will come out to average almost $20 for lobster entree + drink + fries/chips.  You could definitely spend more money at a worse place ( I am talking to you, Serependity 3). But hey, leasing a place inside the Miracle Mile Shops doesn't come cheap!笑
Lobster me is located in miracle mile's food court. Right next to FAT TUESDAY !! There's usually no line at any hour. Lol... 

What I ordered: 
Fish taco: the fish wasn't crispy and the tortilla tasted bleh :( 
Chowder fries: delicious !! Good mix fries and clam chowder ! 

Pricing: $$ $10-20/plate
Parking: miracle mile at PH , structure parking
Portion: 1 : 1 
Service: kind of slow; probably waited at least 25 minutes for our food. There was only 2-3 customers too. 

I only come here for convenience...笑
Got a coupon from the Miracle Mile Shopping center for free beer with any lobster roll.

We tried the regular lobster roll. With $17 bucks, the lobster roll indeed comes with full packed lobster. The taste is good. However, it will be much better if less greasy. You can also upgrade to XL size with additional $5 bucks笑
Came back on a trip in Oct 2013. Got the six incher as promised. Yummy! Free refill on soda too!笑
So i was in Vegas or a few days and had already eaten at Lobster ME in the Venetian so as we were strolling through the Miracle Mile, and I saw this location, I thought...WHY NOT!?  This time instead of the Lobsicle (which was sooo good), I tried a lobster roll. I have had lobster rolls in Rhode Island, I have had them off of trucks in LA, and well, this was the best (sorry Rhode Island, sorry Cousins) ever.  Not too salty, tender lob meat, perfectly toasted bun.  And filling!笑
Gotta go for the Original Lobster Sandwich Large. Best lobster in Vegas hands down. Lobster Mac and Cheese was OK, kinda bland.笑
Fantastic Lobster melts. This place was very busy. They could use more seating. Prices were very reasonable. Great Yelp check in offers. Had Lobster bisque very bland. Not much flavor. I also tried the chowder fries and loved them. My meal reminded me of down home comfort food. Besides my bisque everything had great flavor and fresh tasting. Thanks for a quick meal without the fast food feel, while walking the strip.笑
Not bad but kinda pricy. We spent 70.00 for 2 lobster rolls, a lobsicle a clam chowder and 2 drinks.笑
Just had a lobster roll's from here the wife told me about it. This place is a little pricey  $ 20.00 + for a meal+ drink . Don't get me wrong the food was good but it ideal for a gr ok up of 4 or more people seating sucks  in the area at Planet Hollywood  in the Miracle mile shopping center笑
This one is located in the food court of the Venetian.  For lunch we ordered Lobster taco and chowder fries. Excellente!  We came back for lobster rolls--Maine and Connecticut. They were a little plain.  The Maine one needed a little more mayo. The service is friendly and the food overall pretty good. I would definitely come back.笑
Yummy! For the love of Lobster!
Fresh & Quick Lobster Salad! The grilled cheese lobster looks amazing!笑
i do get that most lobster rolls are expensive because lobsters arent cheap!! but for the price youre getting, i dont think im getting my moneys worth. the size of the roll is decent but there arent that many lobster pieces to satisfy me. i also got the tater tots, and they were bomb! these satisfied my hunger more than the roll...WTF?! lol.

However, i WILL be back to try their lobst mac & cheese.笑
A friend on facebook posted pictures of her meal her and it was then I knew we needed to make this a priority on our Vegas trip.

This location is in the shops of the Planet Hollywood hotel right across from where we stayed at the Bellagio. My husband was still full from lunch and, frankly, so was I but I was craving the lobster mac and cheese. The cheese is quality because it's not watery and has great texture and flavor. The lobster is so yummy, warm, and buttery but I could've used more mac and lobster. 

Two observations about this location: 1) My mom ate at the Venetian location on her trip and their mac and cheese seemed to have more lobster in the picture. And 2) they didn't have the lobster melt here which they had at the Venetian location and, as noted in my other review, was my instant favorite item from this stand. Definitely hit this place up, but maybe consider a different location.笑
The lobster roll was actually pretty good. The lobster was a little cold, which I wasn't expecting but still good. The Cajun lobster roll was a little spicy for me, but I ate most of it. It's a little pricy but they do offer a local discount.笑
I really really loved this place.  It was a little bit more expensive than I had anticipated but totally worth it.  The best part is that it is right besides Fat Tuesday so while they are making your food you can grab a drink.

I visited here twice during my weekend trip, it was that food.  The lobster roll is really amazing.  For $16 its a small portion, but its delicious, and generally lobster rolls are not cheap!  The lobster mac n cheese was my least favorite.  The cheese they use is way too sharp.  It completely contrasts the delicate flavor of the lobster.  I was really disappointed in that.  I also tried the lobster grilled cheese which was good as well.  Their lobster bisque is extremely rich.  I would recommend taking a sample before buying, it was not for everyone.

They also had some fun things on the menu like lobster and waffles, lobster lollipops, lobster and tator tots...all kinds of stuff.  I will definitely be back the next time I am in Vegas!笑
butter me, yummy.
Sweet butter bread excellence, lobster precooked a bit dry.
Still delicious笑
Worst place ever!! Portions were so small it would barely fill my cavity especially for the prices they are charging. Was looking so forward to coming here too. 2 thumbs down!!笑
The lobster roll is killer. Stars just for the roll.笑
i feel very indifferent to this place.  the lobster roll did not look appetizing, so we ordered the lobster and chips, a lobsticle, and a lobster grilled cheese, on the recommendation of the people who worked there.  as lunch, this place was extremely heavy.  the lobster and chips were pretty good but it was so very deep fried that we feel a bit gross and greasy afterwards.  actually, it was so heavy that we felt a bit disgusting for the rest of the day. they really skimp on the lobster too...there were maybe five/six small lobster nuggets and the rest were their mediocre fries.  

the only thing that i would recommend getting is the lobsticle!  it's a lobster tail that is smothered in tempura batter and fried (yes, FRIED, again!!!).  it was really good, although pretty small and still cost $12!  the lobster grilled cheese was GROSS to me.  i don't know what kind of white cheese they used but it did not taste good, it was too mayo-ish.  i mean, i love mayo just as much as the next person but really it was like smothered in this mayo cheese.  i would not order that again.笑
The lobstericle was $15 and it was good, nice size piece on lobster tail. I had to wait 20 mins for it because they ran out, the cashier came to me and said they were cracking fresh tails in the back. Besides the wait at least it was fresh. They gave me complimentary soda and salt n vinegar fries which were good as well.笑
When in Vegas, must stop by Lobster Me which is located inside Planet Hollywood. I've tried the lobster roll sandwich at many locations but this is by far the best place. Try the original lobster roll with Cajun fries. This roll comes with chilled lobster meat with mayo and spice added. Since it's "lobster" price can be a bit higher than a normal sandwich. Still worth the bang for your buck!笑
Yes it's slightly overpriced but the food here is great and the service is not bad either. I had the main roll and the chowder fries and they were both awesome.  The chowder fries were so good I had another order before leaving.  And yes, it's right by Fat Tuesday if you want to grab a frozen drink. Yum!笑
Don't. Just don't. Came here because Luke's is closed for renovations. $19 lobster roll that was terrible. The lobster looked greasy and it tasted like it had been sitting at the bottom of a freezer for a month. I only took one bite and that was more than enough. Lobster shouldn't chew like gum. The Old Bay fries looked and tasted like the fryer oil hadn't been changed recently. The "chowder" nothing more than milky water with a few sad potato chunks. One star for the crushed ice in my Pepsi. As I mentioned above, I only took one bite and pushed it away. Had been by myself, I wouldn't asked for a refund. But, my husband is much nicer than me, so he ate it. I hope I don't have to sit with him in the ER later on tonight :(笑
My daughter had the lobster mac and cheese which was good but didn't have as much lobster as I would have expected for a place named "Lobster Me." I had the grilled cheese and lobster sandwich which was soggy with too much cheese and not much lobster. Flavor was okay but it was over-priced. Fries were average.笑
The Lobster roll was fresh and oh so buttery. It was oozing with chopped up lobster meat, just stuffed. The chips were good. I dont eat cold slaw, so no review on that. Best kept secret in Vegas. This dish was amazing.笑
I ordered the Lobster Rolls, Connecticut style with a side of clam chowder. The lobster is surprisedly fresh and the bread taste like it's been dipped into a big pot of sweet butter, yummy!! Clam chowder is puuuurfect for me because it is not salty. For those that may need more taste there's salt and pepper packet you can add in your soup. The drinks are refillable. Seats are very limited so prepare to stand to eat or bring it home.笑
This place is not a sit down restaurant. You place your order and sit to eat at a choice of four tables about eight feet away. The bar seats about four people and can get cramped really quick. Service was o.k., but nothing special. Saw the lobster roll and was surprised because it was small. Looks a lot bigger in the pictures. The lobster Mac n cheese was good with a great creamy cheese flavor. The lobster however was dry and void of flavor. Lobster should be the best thing here since it is called, LOBSTER ME!笑
Ok food- definitely over priced for what you get. Lobster roll is about 4"long. Mac n' cheese was rather blah...clam chowder and lobster bisque was horrible. Grill cheese was the best thing I ate there...笑
I try to make it a mission to eat here everytime I come to Vegas, and I come a lot every year. 

The key is to get the lobster sandwiches WARM. That is when they are the most delicious. The employees don't always suggest cold or hot sandwiches so make sure to get warm. 

All the sandwiches are good but I prefer the Cajun. They have lobster on sticks and everything lobster. If you are a lobster fan, make sure to eat here.笑
I cannot say enough great things about this place.  My husband and I ate here on a whim the last time we were in Vegas and the lobster roll was so stinkin' good.   We just visited Vegas again, and my entire plan consisted of drinking, gambling, laying out by the pool and eating at Lobster Me.  I stayed at a casino way too far away from my beloved Lobster roll (won't make that mistake again next time), so I literally took a cab just to go get it.  Then, I texted my husband a picture of my lobster roll as seen here, and the words "mmmmm.....Lobster Me".  To avoid a very bitter husband, I had to agree to deliver one to him at the poker table a few blocks away.  My only complaint is that we really really need one of these places in Colorado.笑
I had the Connecticut version, just lobster meat and butter. Very good but for $18 it was a very small roll, maybe 6 bites. Served with small amount of coleslaw and chips. Service was friendly and quick.笑
Though the price was a little high for what you get, but it is lobster. I had the Maine and thought that was good. Not quite enough for a meal but a good light in between meal.笑
I rarely guve low reviews... but the pictures are deceiving.... servings are super small and food over priced. The rolls are decent but gone in two bites.... everything else we ordered (fish n chips, calm chowder) was not very good to be honest...笑
I had a Cajun lobster sub or whatever...amazing is an understatement. I could eat it every day!笑
I love lobster, so I thought the menu was fun. They have a variety of lobster food items, which you don't really see around much at a other places.  I tried the Cajun Lobster Roll, and although I expected it to be a little better, it was still good.  It was the first lobster roll I've ever tried and the most expensive sandwich I've ever tried, priced at about $19...but it is Vegas...笑
Giving this place a 2 star because the portions were ridiculously small for the price were ordered fish & chips and it was one piece of over cooked fish chopped into 3 pieces !! And fries I would not recommend this dish at all. Save your money. We also tried the main lobster roll and it tasted OK not amazing and if your gonna to pay close to 20$ for a sandwich the portions should be healthy and worth it !笑
I used to frequent this place often, stopping by at least once a week.  As the months passed by, the menu kept changing.  I have nothing against a change in selection, but the food quality drops with each change.  The seafood is very bland.  I have tried both shrimp (sliders) and lobster (tacos, fries, mac n' cheese, rolls).  The rolls all come seasoned so those are normally okay.  The same can't be said for the rest.  The clam chowder is the only dish that has remained the same, which I will continue to purchase.  If the clam chowder has an off day, a little salt and pepper will fix that easily!  In the end, if you pass on trying this place I wouldn't blame you.笑
Great lobster roll. It reminded me of New England. Closer and easier to get another one.笑
I got the Lobster Mac and Cheese and it was pretty good. The pieces of lobster were on the top and the cheese was very thick. It was somewhat of a small portion size alone but you can make it a combo to get fries or soup. 
I got my order to go and on a Sunday afternoon for lunch the wait was about 5 minutes to get my food. 
Good lobster but I probably wouldn't get the Mac and cheese again if I go back.笑
Had to stop by Lobster ME when I saw the sign for their well known lobsicles! I didn't order them since I was set on the Maine style which was recommended to me by a couple friends.  The Maine style roll comes with chives and mayo on a warm soft delicious roll.  The roll is loaded with a good amount of lobster for what you pay for in Vegas so that's a good deal.  The chips that come with the roll unfortunately are a different story... they don't have any flavor and they're very dry.  It honestly tasted like cardboard box! I had a couple bites and just couldn't with the chips.  If you're looking for a quick bite on the strip and something different from burgers and slices of pizza you can give Lobster ME a try.笑
Underwhelming and disappointing. And costly. 

I spent $30 for a lobster roll and lobster mac and cheese. The lobster roll mostly consisted of split top bun, which I guess is good if you're really into eating buns. The pictures of a lobster roll overflowing from top to bottom with lobster and giant claw meat on top isn't remotely close to what I received. There was a minimal amount of lobster in my sandwich, and 2 or 3 small pieces of claw meat that in no way covered the top. The flavor wasn't anything remarkable. I was so bummed when I received/tried my food. 

The (lobster) mac and cheese was bland. I ate most of the lobster off the top and threw the rest of the dish in the trash. The dish is just mac and cheese with browned breadcrumbs and then lobster sprinkled on top after the mac and cheese has been cooked/heated up.  Kraft mac and cheese has more character and flavor.  I'm still surprised that they don't incorporate the lobster into the mac and cheese. I was expecting a creamy, savory concoction that featured or highlighted the lobster, and that is not what they have going on. 

Save your money.笑
Hands down as good or better than any lobster roll I've had, and I've had some of the most renowned in the country.  Wife and I had the large lobster roll, large Cajun lobster roll (spicy good) and tots.  Ton of pieces under 3 good sized pieces of claw meat, the rolls were soft and tasty.  Tots were perfection.  

A lot for a fast food type of place, but if you love lobster or lobster rolls, highly recommend.笑
This pace has great lobster rolls, but be careful when you upgrade to a combo. They totally hosed us and didn't give us our fries. We paid $4 to add a 16oz soda to our lobster roll.笑
Good Maine Lobster roll.. not great. But good. 

Fries were just ok. 

Good alternative to the other fast food joints near by.笑
I checked this place out in between work one time for lunch with a coworker. I couldn't believe there was an actual place with lobster rolls. I am a harsh critic because I frequent Boston, my original place of birth quite a bit and have had it fresh there. I ordered their Original Maine Lobster Roll with fries. I liked the presentation when the roll came out with the claws on the top of the toasted bun. The roll tasted great! It wasn't too seasoned, not too garlicy. The lobster meat was fresh and I will definitely go back to this establishment.笑
Oh, sure enough, I had the lobster in my mind to order. What else could it be but that's it, is what is the main item served in this place! Lobster, lobster, l-o-b-s-t-e-r! The succulent mighty of crustaceans!

Browsing in the Miracle Mile Shops inside Planet Hollywood for the shopping adventure, this little eatery called "Lobster Me" got me intrigued to stop by and dine for my northeastern hunger for lobster, which is one seafood I favor. To lobster lovers, this may just be the place to dine ala fast food. A cozy group of tables and chairs are set up in front of this eatery, where I may add is a good place to just take a slow and easy time to eat and watch people, er shoppers, as they go passing by. 

A variety of 'World's Best Lobster Rolls' to choose from ranging from spicy, cajun, BLT, lobster with seafood, or the southwestern shrimp roll. The Lobster choices range from 'Large' to 'XL' ( Extra Large). Dish out less than twenty dollars for the 'Large' roll size of more than a pound of lobster meat while dish out over twenty dollars for about two pounds of lobster meat in the 'XL'. The "Original ME Style Lobster Roll" is the traditional Maine, New England sandwich. It looked mighty enticing as seen as a sample roll displayed behind the glass-walled food cubicle and so, it beckoned for an order of it. It's about a large lobster claw meat and chunks of lobster meat dressed with a dollop of mayonnaise and lemon in a spicy mixture on a slightly crunchy bread roll. Tasty! hmm,soar to New England! Should try "The Diablo" for the spicier tasty roll. aaah, dream of dripping in warm sea water! For soup cravings, there's the "New England Clam Chowder" or the "Lobster Bisque" soup. Ha, could be listening to ocean waves in the distance. Glancing up to the menu, find a cocktail 'Lobster Shooter' or 'Lobster Shooter with Vodka' or opt for the beer. Okay, so get that little seasick effect. If you are a late morning riser, fret not, because a Breakfast Menu is served as well...lobster with eggs, with waffle, with MEmuffin, with tater tots. That is coool! eat breakfast any time. There's lobster grilled cheese, lobster mac and cheese, lobster and chips, and 'The Lobsicle', that is lobster tail on a stick. Feeling like caught a lobster by a stick spear. Oh, there's salads and, and, ice cream. Yes, ice cream, I scream for it (in my mind, only, as you should know it, can't scare diners away, so can't really scream out aloud), the Lobster Ice Cream is a light creamy, slighlty salty tasting lobster chunkiness swathed in finely iced, milky tasting ice cream. That's it? Must I say any more, what else? but lobster in ice cream!  

As landlocked is Vegas, so it is as seafaring into deep waters for a lobster dish which was just served as fast food. It didn't take me to a breezy, oceany lobster trap...aah, at least just for that moment.笑
We had a Connecticut and an original Maine lobster roll.  Both were full of meat and sized about right.  Lobster bisque was good as were the fries.  Drink menus somewhat listed for Vegas, but it is somewhat of a fast food style restaurant. Took a little longer than I would have liked to get food, but I would definitely eat there again.笑
A little stingy on the lobster for the price of $20, otherwise quick service and good sandwich笑
Absolutely delicious! The lobster is actually fresh!!! The Cajun Fries are wonderful, too! Must try!笑
It was okay, but I've been spoiled by the overabundance of really good lobster in all forms in Maine. This place pales in comparison to even 3 Buoys, the least good lobster I've ever had in all of Maine. It scratched an itch for lobster when we weren't able to get rezos for the Sterling Buffet, but from now on I'll stick to Red Lobster when I'm not in the northeast.

The Connecticut lobster roll isn't on the board anymore but they took our order for it without batting an eyelash. The online menu says the lobsicle is tempura'd, but it's just lightly battered and fried. The lobsicle was better than the roll, but as the county fair will teach you, anything is tastier deep fried on a stick. Made me think of the Will It Deep Fry? series on YouTube.笑
When I get down to Miracle Mile, Lobster ME is my fave place to eat. If I'm not hungry yet, I'll even hang out at the mall longer until I know there's space in my belly. I've tried the lobster mac and cheese and the lobsicle, but it's truly the lobster roll that I come for. For under $20 bucks I leave full but not sickeningly stuffed. Expensive, especially for a counter in the mall, but it is fresh, made-to-order lobster in a Vegas tourist trap after all. Locals do get a 10% discount with ID. Go when you're hungry, as lobster doesn't travel well--although a cold lobster is just about better than any other sandwich anyway.笑
While the food was great there's no place to sit. Very limited seats and tables. Makes it difficult to give more than 2 stars笑
I got the Connecticut lobster roll.  It came with house made chips and coleslaw.  The roll was tasty.  It was everything I was expecting.  The chips were great too.  They were crisp and fresh.  I did not really care for the slaw.  This was definitely great to have tried a roll here, but $17 is quite pricey.  I would rather eat at a nice sit down restaurant and pay a little more, than eat here again.    I will not be back.笑
The quality of the 6 inch lobster roll was good but I felt that it did not deserve the exorbitant price. ($30.00 with tip ....for a 6 inch lobster roll, small fries and ice tea...served in a paper basket with a plastic fork)

The lobster was seasoned perfectly and the meat was tender. The bread was a bit thick for the amount of lobster so I had to pull some off to balance the taste.笑
Went there for lunch today. Expensive for what you get. I ordered the lobster and chips, there was only 4 extremely small lobster bites and a small handful of fries. The taste was good but for 14$, are you kidding me! My husband got the original lobster roll, they cut a small slice in the roll and put a small amount of lobster in it. So you get a mouthful of mostly bread. Don't think we will ever eat there again.笑
Tried someone's the lobster mac&cheese... Too little lobster, noodles swimming in cheese and grease.

Bought a lobster grilled cheese... Way too much cream cheese and again too little lobster for the price.

Overall, it's not the best but it'll do.笑
Everyone the goes to vegas, should try Lobster Me at least once. My favorites are the lobster bisque and mac n'cheese. My friend got a sandwich last time, and it was really small for the price.笑
I walked past this place on my way to dinner and thought, I could sure use a lobster snack later instead of ordering room service when I got back from a night out in "Vegas baby." I ordered the cajun lobster roll and carried it around after dinner for about an hour or so until I placed it in my fridge and then went out. When I cam back and broke that high-end munchie open... threw the roll in the microwave for a few seconds and put all the ingredients together as instructed. Yes, I had my roll deconstructed so as not to ruin the late night snack attack experience. It was perfectly spiced and the lobster was meaty as well as a really good amount for the price. I would make the journey back when in Vegas without question.笑
Gave this place a try for a quick bite while slotting away my money. Being from Maryland I had to try the old bay lobster roll. Ugh terrible there is no old bay on that sandwich. It was SUPER BLAND!  One thing old bay is not. Also I think it would have been better if there was more mayo on it and cold rather than warm. For $20 it was very disappointing. Staff was very nice. Put some more old bay on that roll!笑
DELICIOUS Maine Lobster!!
Quick service style next to the Fat Tuesday inside PH!
Im a really picky eater but I am able to customize my order to my liking and have made a point to go back every time I am in Vegas ever since my first time there.

The only con is limited seating if you go during a busy time, but we all just squeezed together and it was fine. Another time i just got it to go and ate a couple minutes away where there were more tables.

def recommend it to friends and will go back!笑
Meh. Not at all what I was expecting.  It's in the Miracle Mile shopping center.  So expect a mall food court atmosphere, which means lots of Vegas tourists, strolling by slack-jawed, making noise and being obnoxious.  Your food comes on plastic plates with packaged plastic ware, fountain drinks in styrofoam cups or bottles.  Food was good, but it's location leaves a lot to be desired.  I am unsure if this is a chain restaurant but it sure feels like it.  I thought Bubba's Shrimp Company had better food, and lobster bisque.  If you are doing Vegas and eating on the run, this place is right up your alley.  If you are looking for a good sit down eatery, keep looking.笑
I went here during the Mayweather vs Pacquiao fight weekend and this place is good. I had the cajun style lobster roll and I loved it. It was very tasty and had a ton of lobster meat inside. The bread was toasted slightly covered with butter. I was totally surprised with the quality and taste. I recommend this place with you are looking for a quick bite to eat while on the strip or shopping.笑
We went to Lobster ME in the Venetian Grand Canal Shoppes.  Quite possibly the best lobster roll that I've ever had! I like the concept of a Connecticut roll because it is warm, but always want the mayo.  Lobster ME allows you to have both--warm rolls with mayo bases.  Definitely add the fries instead of the chips and spring for a lemonade.笑
At the Miracle Mile Mall near Fat Tuesday. This spot is soooo over rated if you ask me. And very pricey for the small portions. I guess cause it's "lobster" the prices are escalated. 

I had Lobester fries with cheese... $14. This meal looked like something you get at a ball park, except with chopped up lobster on it. Fries were soggy towards the bottom...smh. Not a fan of this place.笑
Inside the Planet Hollywood!  Lobster on a stick...what could be better? However i am not a fried food lover...also it looked more like larger shrimp than a lobster tail. $14.95 for one piece...i can do without =/笑
Hubby found this place on Yelp and suggested we check it out as we both love lobster. Finally found it in the mall... kind of food court style.
Ordered the lobster and chips... 4oz grilled lobster was delicious... chips were cold and greasy. Hubby ordered the lobster melt... said it was great. Yelp offer of free bisque with the melt was expired but they honored it anyway... classy... except they were out of bisque so we go Clam chowder for free. Clam chowder was ok. Old fashioned lemonade was delicious.
Over all, under whelming. Probably won't be back but giving high score for the honoring of the Yelp deal.笑
MUST.  TRY.

I had found this place a long time ago (being from New England I've been craving a good Lobster Roll for a long time) and hadn't tried it.  Was recently in the shops at PH and gave it a go - even though it is pricey, it's worth every single dollar.

I don't even know how many lobsters were used in the preparation of my roll (I'm thinking about 5?), but they were enjoyed SO MUCH.  The lobster mac and cheese was delicious as well, but not quite as good as the roll.  Just had the regular roll - will be back in the future to try the special ones and report on those.

I'm hungry just thinking about it...笑
Me and my mom went here and I enjoyed it! I had the lobster grilled cheese sandwich and it was good! If you're a lobster lover this place is worth a try. The seating was limited, but besides that I could see myself returning when I go back to Vegas.笑
Lobster on a stick! Yum!!!

Their lobster grilled cheese should be called Only Grilled Cheese. No Lobster what so ever, and for $11 I was expecting some lobster at least at one point in my sandwich.

3 stars just for being ok.笑
Lobster ice cream?  WTF?!

I sampled the lobster ice cream and it was definitely interesting.  Tasted like butter cream with bits of lobster.  Not bad, but the texture is unexpected.  We ended up ordering a lobster grilled cheese sandwich and a lobster roll (photos are included).  The lobster roll was small but was very good.  The grilled cheese sandwich was also good but was a little bland.  They had tapatio sauce to help spice it up.

Over all for a lobster roll, and lobster grilled cheese, and 1 drink, the total was a little over $30.  It was a good place to munch while you are shopping.  Other items on the menu included lobster mac n cheese and lobster soup in a bread bowl.  What I did not like about this place was the wait literally took forever.  I also did not like that it did not provide enough places to sit down.  This was a good place to grab something good and go.笑
This place was delicious!! We always walk past it and never stop. Today we decided to try it out!! There are no words for how delicious our lobster Cajun roll and fries was!! We were so impressed we are coming back again tomorrow!! The fries were delicious as well crispy and full of flavor!! I you want a good lobster snack this is the place to be!!笑
I heard a couple good things about this place so headed down to the strip and try it.  It's ok, just not worth going out of your way to get.  If you're already walking around planet Hollywood and get the itch, then try it.  It's rather pricey for a lobster roll, 18 bucks (not the combo) with housemade chips and coleslaw.  Small, more of an appetizer than a meal.  OK is best I can say.笑
I've had Lobster ME on my bookmarks list for ages.  
I don't go to the strip often, and when I do, its usually to eat somewhere else.  

Saturday, I was at the Miracle Mile shops doing some shopping for my wedding, and was STARVING by the time I'd found what I needed.  

We had walked by Lobster ME on the way to the store, and I decided that I wanted to eat here. 

I was a little overwhelmed with the choices...Lobster rolls, Lobster Mac n cheese, Lobster bisque, Grilled cheese with lobster...Its not a huge menu, but all of the options looked great!

I decided to go with the Original Maine Lobster Roll with soup and a drink. 

The clam chowder was delicious.  Thick, hearty, and seasoned well.  

I'd never had a lobster roll before, but this was really good.  The bread was like a Texas toast consistency, with a little bit of mayo and a HUGE helping of cold lobster meat, seasoned with Old Bay.  

De.Licious.  
The lobster was amazing, and flavorful. There was a ton of it, too!  The bread had a great consistency.  

I'd gladly come back here the next time I'm on the strip.  It was really great.笑
The people who work here are the nicest and the food is amazing too!  Definitely glad I chose to try this out. It's amazing!  Anyone who likes lobster should come here.笑
Portions are a lot more than San Francisco! Coleslaw is a pass but comes with roll.  Some chips are soggy due to being placed with the roll. I am in love' lobsta me now! :)笑
I just added Lobster Me to my list of must visit places everytime I visit Vegas. The lobsicle was the bomb. $14 for a skewer of deep fried lobster meat. Super awesome. Can't wait to try the grilled one next time I visit!笑
Disappointing ! to say the least. The bisque was watery with no lobster pieces and the lobster salad was small with a vinegarette salad dressing that ruined what was poor to begin with. I usually try to give places the benefit of the doubt but I was truly disappointed in this spot as a former New Englander.笑
I went here about a month and a half ago and I thought the food was good but a bit too heavy for me. Pricing was on the expensive beside but it is lobster meat....big chunks too! My friends and I shared a large lobster roll, fries and lobster mac n cheese. The mac n cheese was one of the best I've ever had! Must try that. I would go back if I'm in the mood for heavy comfort food :)笑
The lobster roll itself is actually almost 4.5 stars, the salad we got is aprox a 3-star but it is kinda pricey, yeah yeah I know its lobster but still; its a casual fast-food type service.笑
Lobster Me is a great place for lunch or a snack. The place is located in the Miracle Mile mall in the Planet Hollywood hotel next the Fat Tuesday. For a small place inside the mall they do make a damn pretty good lobster roll. I usually getting The Maine lobster roll it full of lobster meat no filling. Very tasty. Highly recommend place.笑
I saw this place walking around the Miracle Mile after getting a tuna melt over at Earl of Sandwich and I said to myself, "I need to try that place!'. I saw Lobster Mac N' Cheese on the menu and my heart jumped out of my chest. Ever since I saw/heard about lobster mac n' cheese on one of my favorite television shows Royal Pains, I've been wanting to have it. Honestly though, I had no idea it actually existed! It wasn't horribly priced for lobster I guess, but 10 bucks is still a little too much to drop for this dish, even though it was really good. The mac n' cheese was delicious. Made with what you could tell to be real cheese, flavorful, and the perfect texture (that mix of smooth and finely grated cheese). The lobster was only okay, which is why Lobster Me I don't think warrants any better than three stars for this dish. It was good, friendly service, but the food just didn't match up to my dreams and expectations of what it was going to be like. I don't regret trying it and if I'm ever back in Vegas someday soon I want to go back to try the lobster roll.笑
Dear lord, please avoid this place. I wasn't even hungry but the pictures looked pretty appetizing so I stopped to grab a lobster roll. Picked up the old bay flavor roll and it comes with home made chips and a side of coleslaw. The chips felt a little stale and the coleslaw just tasted rancid. As far as the roll, I couldn't have been more disappointed. The lobster pieces felt rubbery, kinda like they were previously frozen pieces and they recooked them before serving it. Totally not worth $20+ and I'm most definitely not going to give this place a 2nd try.笑
Located in the Miracle Mile shops at Planet Hollywood.   You order your food at the counter then grab your table and they deliver your food.    Expect to pay about $20 per lobster roll.  We ordered the Connecticut roll which is a warm lobster roll with butter, the Cajun roll which has a little heat and then the miso roll flavored with miso topped with seaweed.  Shared lobster fries.   Good amounts of lobster in every roll and on the fries.笑
Lobster here lobster there all i see is lobster.  This place is good but pricey but well worth it.  Get the lobster roll and mac and cheese they are amazing and you won't get disappointed笑
The foods are okay. Nothing special. A bit overpriced for the portions :/  If you're from the bay area, don't bother笑
Just ate the lobster mac n cheese, DELICIOUS!!! Generous portion for a generous price. Definitely would come back for more!笑
One of my favorite places in Vegas. It's a must come to spot for me Everytime I come. Yes it may be a little expensive but it's lobster. Want a cheap meal
mcDonalds is close by. Get the Connecticut and some lobsticles.  Only suggestion would be that we really wish they sold shirts. We would buy a couple in a heartbeat. Rock on笑
In the Miracle Mile shops.. doesn't get much better than this! Buttered rolls, lotsa LOBSTER and mixed with mayo only.. delish.. squeeze some lemon. Healthy portion, about a LB. I get my Garrett's Popcorn fix (cheese corn!!) while I am there.. Can't wait to go back.笑
It's $18 for a lobster, chips and a slaw - it's really good, but worth that price? If you really wanted lobster you can pay $6 more at some of the neighboring restaurants and get a whole lobster.... But if you are a fan of lobster rolls (like I am for philly cheese steaks) then it's worth getting one and then calling it done.笑
Great quality (for being nowhere near the ocean) lobster rolls!! Definitely coming back! Good big chunks of lobster, not too buttery toasty bread, crisp tater tots, what's not to love?!! Located at planet hollywood's indoor mall.笑
Interesting food creations, using lobster in sandwiches, salad, fried food, and ice cream!  However, the foods in fact tasted just A-OK and prices were sorta steep.  $23 for a 6" lobster roll was pricey, I think.  The lobster salad came with lots of small chunks of lobster meat and was good for the price.  Lobster bisque was just standard.  Lobster-n-chips was cool though! Beer-battered and fried lobster huh? Yummmmm~  Last but not least, the lobster ice cream that sounded out of the ordinary was actually vanilla ice cream with itsy-bitsy lobster meat.  The ice cream tasted alright but was worth a try!  Just ask for a free sample before you buy, so as to make sure that you would like some savory ice cream that tastes like seafood. *wink*笑
This place is ridiculous. Please don't waste your time and money.

Food 1/5
service 1/5
cleanliness 2/5
speed of service 1/5

Lobster rolls were blend, the lobster melts didn't have enough lobster in them. I couldn't taste any lobster but only cheese and butter. My family waited over 30 minutes to get our food. Lobster me did not offer appropriate apologies, even though it skipped our order and served other 3 tables first who ordered after us. . 
I could find so much better food and service for same price in Vegas.
It was the worst dining experience in Vegas.笑
I came here in August with a bunch of buddies for a bachelor party.  They normally rave about this place but honestly, I have had better.  The Lobster tastes good but the cashiers screwed up multiple orders in our group.  They just kept getting things wrong.  It should be something as simple as confirming they are pressing the correct button on the cash register as what the customer as saying and then confirming that what they are bringing to you matches what is on the receipt.  They shouldn't be leaving it up to the customers to show them a receipt and ask them why what they were given doesn't match what is on the register receipt.笑
Food here was really good. I had the original Maine lobster roll and it satisfied my appetite really well. Customer service was excellent my lemonade was too. My take: food satisfies craving but not hungry, portions could have been a little bigger.笑
walking ...tired... hey a lobster place? gotta try something!  it all looked awesome but couldnt go for an $18 lobster roll (damn blackjack tables) so i sprang for a cup of lobster ice cream and a lobster shooter...both  were quite impressive...good size chunks of lobster in the ice cream, rich and sweet enough to veil the lobsterness not cover it up...the shooter was tasty chunky but half the shooter glass and no black caviar on top as pictured. lobster on a stick looked good but $14..maybe 10 bucks, will try lobster mac next time...笑
I gave them 2 stars instead of 1 only because of their awesome customer service!! Other than that the food is super greasy and oily. Hubby ordered the lobster mac and cheese which was super bland and not much lobster on there , I got the lobster grilled cheese which is the best thing ordered and Cajun fries super duper oily.笑
Had a convention in Vegas and stumbled (literally) into this gem!  Ashton the bartender kept our party going, and the food was amazing!  My friend got the oysters and would not stop about them!  I got the special and was not disapointed.   Crab cakes, calamari,  and shrimp cocktail was fresh and succulent.   Will be back next time I'm here in sin city!笑
I usually follow LOBSTER basically wherever they are sold. Eat em, love em. I happen to stumble upon this place a couple weeks ago and was surprised, their lobster roll was really good, huge chunks of lobster but the combo was a bit overpriced, around $21. Seasoned fries are great and w/unlimited drink refills but it's  still pretty pricey even for Vegas. The one thing I would change about their roll is they already put salt and pepper on the lobster with lime juice, I'd rather have that as a side to prepare for myself, other than that, great place for some seafood while you shop at the Miracle Mile.笑
I'm from Maine, live in Vegas and have eaten more lobster rolls than I can remember. This is the third lobster roll I have eaten outside of New England and the first time that I ever finished a lobster roll and said I'm full.  Mine was served with fries (and a beer). Now it was $23 for a large and for me it was cheaper than a plane ticket to Maine so I'm good.  The staff was great - very helpful !  I plan to try everything on the menu that has lobster in it.  One happy Maine girl !!!!笑
So disappointed in the lobster mac and cheese :c

The shells were literally tasteless. No flavor at all. No cheesey flavor. 
The texture felt like is was reheated leftovers and the shells were mushy and easily broken.

The lobster is claw meat and didn't taste fresh. Don't recommend.
I feel ripped off. I look at other peoples pictures of the same food, and mine looked nothing like it.笑
Lobster in a food court? Paint me red and call me skeptical.

That's what I first said when I noticed the Lobster ME counter in the Miracle Mile Shops at Planet Hollywood. But I don't mind being proven wrong, as the missus (who is always right) will attest.

Lobster ME serves what they bill as the "world's best" lobster roll, and having eaten my way through New England with a single-minded focus on that region's delectable seafood, I would say they're pretty darn close.

Their Original Maine Style roll is served on a toasted brioche-style split-top bun packed full of delicious crustacean that is seasoned with just a hint of mayo and lemon, and their mix of spices. The missus had the Cajun version that was seasoned with a blend of Cajun spices and spicy butter. Both made the perfect lunch and were rife with savory but sweet lobster meat, with mammoth claws topping each sandwich.

We elected for the combo that cost just under $20 each and was served with tater tots (or fries) and a soft drink. The tater tots were not spectacular, and were akin to what you might buy in a bag in your grocer's freezer aisle, but they were crisped to crunchy perfection.

I would have tried the lobster ice cream that was also on the menu, but they were unfortunately out of it. I will, however, definitely stop by in the future when I am in need of a quick bite in this area: I would like to sample their lobster mac and cheese, and am somewhat tempted by the "lobsicle" (a fried lobster tail on a stick), but their breakfast menu and a promise of lobster and waffles really intrigues me.

Lobster ME is located down the corridor from the Halo Bar towards the mall's south entrance, or just head straight down the south entrance past Earl of Sandwich and the PBR Rock Bar & Grill.

They also offer free wi-fi: just ask them for the password, which they will print out for you on a register receipt.笑
Wow...My husband doesn't even like fish and is a picky eater, and he tried my Connecticut Lobster roll and Chowder fries and said he loved it.  I wish there was a franchise near me.  You can tell this is high quality food, prepared well.笑
Finally made it here, o my goodness the food was great. The staff were polite & helpful. We had the o.g.lobster roll, cajun lobster roll & lobster grill cheese we got the sandwichs all mediums (they come medium & large) the size was perfect plus fries. The bread was perfectly toasted & buttered, so soft melted in your mouth, sandwichs were full of lobster claw meat. These were lobster rolls like ive never had before, we will definately b back (soon LOL)笑
I would say that our experience at Lobster ME was (fair), not super fantastic but ok. Ordered the Maine style Lobster sandwich with coleslaw and fries and a chowder to split.  Not much seating in the Miracle Mile location, just a few tables that seem to be shared with the Fat Tuesday next door. Service was fine (not super friendly, but not rude either). $19 is pretty much what I would expect to pay for a lobster roll, enough meat, not the "best" pieces of lobster, but enough to fill me up. Flavor was fine, butter roll was tastier than the lobster. Chowder was also ok.  As you can tell from this review, everything was (ok), but not the (best). So you have to decide how hungry you are to try Lobster ME or not.笑
The Lobsicle was incredible, far exceeding expectations. It was the most flavorful lobster I have ever had and possibly one of the best things I have ever eaten in any category. We'll now be stopping by Lobster Me whenever we're in Vegas.笑
So as my girls and I were waiting 4 our table @ burGR, we decided to walk around and we were hungry and looking for a snack.  We came upon this place.
Lobster ice cream.  I'm a HUGE fan of lobster (thanks BOSTON!) 
So we ordered a lobster and chips. . . it was over battered and fries were over cooked.
The only good thing was the margaritas.  
Service sucked.  Young girls with attitudes, rolling their eyes @ us.

This will never be as good as the ones in Boston.笑
Nothing beats Lobster on a Stick!!  There is nothing special about the location. You sit in the mall and it feels like a fast food restaurant. But none of that matters after you get your food! AMAZING!!! Forget Hot Dog on a Stick. Can anything beat deep fried Lobster on a Stick served with drawn Butter? The Lobster Rolls were also very good! In a town where you can pay $75 for Lobster, I found it to be very reasonably priced as well if you understand what you are getting.笑
This place is located at the Miracle Mile Shop in Planet Hollywood.  I came here cause my friend recommended.  Everything with lobster? COOL!  My coworkers and I almost ordered the entire menu.  Sadly, to say the everything was OKAY.  Nothing stood out to be spectacular. It was expensive too (lobster of course).  

Think the decent thing to eat here is the Lobster Roll ($20 for large combo, fries and a drink).  

The Mac n Cheese lobster took 20 minutes to make and it wasn't that great at all. It was simply just mac n cheese and they put lobster on top.  Lobster was cold and didn't seem fresh at all.

Lobster Bisque- (soup) was okay.

Lobster salad - I can make this dish better at home.  Pass on this one. Just salad and topped of with lobster. Nothing crazy.

Lobster and Shrimp Ceviche - The only thing that was decent (along with the Lobster roll), it was fresh and tasty, but TINY.

Lobsicle (battered lobster on a stick) - Tiny and nothing great. 

All this was around $100.... expensive. Expected way more... I'll just go to Earls of Sandwich instead (cheap and in the same area!)笑
great idea but this place won't last. way overpriced, ridiculously small portions and not enough tables for their diners. You're telling me I just spent $40+ and there's nowhere to sit to eat it? It's gimmicky and I've been to similar places that are much better all around (see my review for Slapfish). lobster me once, shame on me, sorry, don't lobster me again peeps笑
My friend had told me to come here for the longest. So I finally came with a group of friends that were down! And they did not regret it one bit!! 

I shared the lobster roll and ceviche with my friend . The roll was nice and buttery with huge chunks of lobster.... i finished it to quick :( . ... I wanted more!!!. The ceviche came in a mango salsa thing with shrimp . And these crispy flour tortilla chips. Soooooo good!! It is a bit sweet so if you do not like sweet mango salsa dont get it... 
But honestly everything was epic in my book. 

Ooo and of coarse I had to have a lobster shooter. Imagine a little shooter with bloody mary Mix.  Little bit of lobster and vodka for 5 dollars!!!! Uhhhh so good!. That I did not share ;). 

I recommend this place 100 %笑
This place is in Planet Hollywood Miracle Mile Shops by Fat Tuesdays. I decided to check it out and got some Lobster Mac n Cheese and a blueberry lemonade. She said it was the same price as the combo so I took the fries even though I wasn't that hungry. Came out to almost $20 after tax. It was like eating at a mall food court, but next to a long line of people looking to get really drunk.

I got the last portion of Lobster Mac around 11 pm on Saturday it seems, because people ordering after me said they were out. I thought about the lobster stick or a roll, but this seemed like the safer choice since I knew little about the place. The lemonade is much too small for the saltiness of the meal. The mac n cheese was alright, it was cheesy shell pasta with lobster chunks throughout. I'm not a big mac n cheese fan, but this wasn't bad.

The food was alright, I actually couldn't even finish it all. I ate most of it and the lobster chunks, but left a few bites left. I feel bad about wasting food, but I feel like finishing it would've made me more regretful.笑
Yum!  I'm glad my husband and I gave this place a shot. It's in the miracle mile at planet Hollywood.  Their is limited seating but you do have the option of eating in or take out. 

Obviously their specialty is lobster and the lobster rolls looked delicious but pricey. They also have something called a lobscicle which was featured on some channel like a&e. 

We ended up getting a lobster grilled cheese  sandwich and the clam chowder fries. The sandwich was delicious!  The right amount of lobster and the bread was crisp. And the clam chowder fries were sooo good!  The portion is small though. 

I'm definitely coming back the next time in Vegas. Apparently they have one at the Venetian/ Palazzo too. I might get the clam chowder soup by itself and I would like to try the lobscicle.笑
Good deal for vegas ordered original maine 4 oz lobster roll for 17$.  Came with chips/coleslaw.  Great for quick fast food lobster.  big chunks of
Lobster!!! Convenient location!!笑
I passed by this place while walking through the Miracle Mile and felt my stomach start to growl.  Then I saw it, the "Lobsicle".  I had to try it, even for $14 - heck, that's less than the cost of one hand of Blackjack and seemed like a sure bet to me.  I had to wait a few minutes - a good sign they were cooking it up fresh - and then they called my name and I picked it up.  So it's a small lobster tail, lightly battered, fried, and served on a stick.  4 bites in all, but super delicious, nicely cooked, tender and juicy.   Next time I might have to double down on that one.笑
I ordered the 2 lobster tacos.  I would have like the lobster meat to be a little warmer but they were still enjoyable.  The kid's mac and cheese is great.  I also ordered a bread bowl with the cup of clam chowder to take home.  The clam chowder was very watery and not thick at all so I would check it out if you plan to order it.  Very friendly staff.笑
Next to fat tuesday. We only ordered cajun garlic fries, OVERLY tossed in garlic. all of us liked it though, but wow, it was a kick. no long wait, it came out fast.笑
I was looking forward to this place, the fries were cold, the losbter meat was not tender, it was expensive and set up like a fast food place, the losbter Mac and cheese came in a very small and  came in very small container, not wroth the money笑
After hearing such high reviews from friends and the employee who took my order, I have to say I was really disappointed with the food. I expected a smaller portion after being warned but was assured that $19 for a lobster roll,  chips, and slaw was worth it. I added the $4 to make it a meal which includes fries and a drink. The fries were the best part of the meal. I ordered the Cape Cod and I was expecting the lobster to be sweet, juicy, and buttery, but instead tasted just like heated artificial crab. The garlic roll was good but the lobster lacked flavor and was rubbery. The saving grace of our meal were the fries, and the lobster Mac & cheese which was reasonably priced. Overall, spent nearly $40 on a lackluster meal. Would never recommend this joint to someone. Save your money and eat somewhere else. :(笑
$14 for three bites of lobster is a scam. It tastes good but the portion size was the same length as one of the french fries so it's basically less of a meal than getting an ice cream cone.

Definitely not worth the money and no where near the size of the menu pictures. Either they lack decency to give all customers similar portion sizes or   it's insanely overcharging in comparison to other establishments.

Fries in the combo was less portion than Mcdonald Dollar Menu so don't  expect that to help.


Would not go back.笑
Came on a Monday for lunch! There was 1 couple in line in front me , not busy at all. The cashier was super friendly, I had a couple of questions and he didn't hesitate to answer - well no one was behind me in line. Last night, I searched Yelp for a good lunch spot here at Planet Hollywood and I swear I went to bed craving their Bloody Mary, Lobster Mac n Cheese and of course their famous Maine Lobster Roll ! Bloody Mary isn't on the menu but you just gotta ask , I got it a tiny bit spicy and it's perfect! Currently grubbing right now - and everything is amazing ! I wish I had gotten their Lobster Bisque to dip my roll in, but it's hot outside and I'm about to layout poolside . There are a bunch of mixed reviews about this place, and I don't get it. Unfortunately, there aren't any Tater Tots anymore. The quality of the lobster is great! I'm getting full off the Lobster Mac N Cheese, it's really delicious. The Lobster on the roll isn't frozen at all, kinda warm, but I like my seafood a bit on the colder side anyway. Kinda still hungover from this weekend , but that doesn't take away from the fact that this place is bomb! sober or not! Next time I come , I'm gonna have their Chowder Fries and Lobster Bisque with my Crab Roll. I love crab more than lobster - but I'd rather spend that money on a dinner buffet and get endless legs! I love seafood, and I had high expectations coming here for lunch - and they were all met! Delicious food! And extremely delicious Bloody Mary, which I'm saving and bringing with me to the pool! I paid $50.83 for these 3 items , but what do u expect to pay in Vegas for seafood?!笑
Saw the sign for a lobster sickle. Couldn't resist. $14didnt buy a very big lobster tail. Flavor was good it size was lacking笑
I could go 3.5 stars but you only get one choice. The lobster bisque hardly had one bit of lobster in it. the bread bowl was about the normal size but without any lobster in it, it was just plain soup, heavy on the butter taste. The Lobster Mac and Cheese was exceptional and had a plentiful amount of lobster in it and it was not overwhelmed with cheese. Perhaps it could have used a bit more cheese, but overall the taste was really good. Why three stars? Mainly it comes down to price. You can get the same things at other establishments for perhaps $2 or more less per item. It seemed you are paying for the name. 

There are very little places to sit as they have these leather chairs that make it really difficult to eat there unless you hold your food. the shop next door has two tiny tables but they do the trick if they don't harrass you for not buying a drink. Simply adding some tables would help but I think they intend everyone to just leave. That is not so easy with a breadbowl of soup. 

The location is not too difficult to find in the Miracle Mile Shops at Planet Hollywood. Make sure you stop by the thunderstorm pond nearby. The staff was fine and seemed friendly.笑
Got the original Maine lobster roll combo, it was good just wish the portions were bigger. It doesn't really have big chunks of meat like it does in the other pictures. Also there's celery in it, heads up to those who don't like vegetables. Lol this combo came out as $19.81 with local discount笑
I'm not a big fan of lobster rolls but if given the chance I would still try it especially when there is truffle oil included.  I came here with a bunch of friends and it's basically a fast food joint where you order and they bring you the food.  I had the lobster roll with truffle oil and a side order of clam chowder fries.  Lobster roll was probably one of the better ones I've had and for $19, the price was fair and portion was generous.  The clam chowder fries were tasty.  This is something you think of doing as a kid and as an adult and the chowder making the fries soggy with bites of clam is a winner.  I was a bit disappointed that my friend who ordered the same thing got more fries than me.  Other than that I'll be looking for Lobster Me wherever I go.笑
I got the classic lobster roll and it was really good! Maybe not $17 good, but it's vegas and lobster so pricing makes sense. Definitely recommend if you're craving some good lobster or crab!笑
I recently went on a weekend trip to Vegas and heard good things about this place! While it was a little expensive, my lobster roll was absolutely delicious! I ordered The Original Maine Style (chilled lobster meat) and my friend ordered the Connecticut (warm lobster meat tossed in melted butter). 

The bun was warm and toasted but not too crispy (and not burned!) and the lobster tasted fresh. The spices they used added to the roll, the perfect touch! 

My only complaint would be the price, but I was expecting to be paying a little more because it is lobster after all!笑
I just had the lobster roll here by recommendation from a friend. He was a few hundred bucks up and really wanted me to try their rolls here, so he bought me one. I just finished eating a crazyass lunch at Mon Ami Gabi, but what the heck...it can't be that big...

It was HUGE! Not only that, you can taste the freshness of the lobster meat...and rest assured, they give you A LOT of lobster. 

Does it match up to Luke's in NY? Nope, but pretty close. Better portions for the price here, that's for sure.笑
Get two of the small lobster rolls rather than 1 large delicious , but expensive, YUM!笑
Came here to visit Sin City with Hubster last month and wandered around aimlessly at the Miracle Mile shops on our first day trying to find something different for lunch, and came across this place.

We shared a lobster roll and it was worth the $23, except that they need to drizzle some hot drawn butter because it was a bit on the dry side.  If you're feeling a bit bold, feel free to try their lobster ice cream!  I really wished that I had the chance to try their lobster bisque in a bread bowl.  Highly recommend this place whenever you happen to be in town!笑
The Connecticut lobster roll and fries are good. Tried the El Diablo too, which was not bad but still prefer the Connecticut.笑
I love the concept. The ice cream was mostly vanilla tasting with an interesting texture of lobster, which WAS plentiful in it.

The mac and cheese with lobster on top was delicious and a huge portion for $11.

The service was polite and friendly, but the preparation time was a little slow, and I had to fight for a seat in this mall atrium. They could use a few more tables if the mall will let them have it. Especially since people buy buckets of beer there and sit in place for a few hours.

I'd say though, spring for the lobster roll. It is worth the extra 5 bucks over the other things on the menu. 

I just like saying the word lobsicle. Can you blame me?笑
Very good lobster rolls. A bit pricey and the loster meat is cold. Baguettes are warm though. Worth the try but I have had similar quality for less price, but hey it's Vegas.笑
Delicious! That's all I can say. I got the Connecticut lobster roll and it was delish! The bread was buttery and perfectly toasted. Thick slice and reminds me of Texas toast. The lobster was perfectly cooked and perfectly seasoned. Comes with home made chips and slaw. Eh to those but I didn't pay for those. I paid for the sandwich lol. Service was quick and friendly. And, if it makes a difference, Fat Tuesday is right next to it :)
I'll be back tomorrow. They have a lobster melt which is basically a lobster grilled cheese I'm dying to try! And yelp has a coupon offer when you check in to get a free lobster bisque with a melt. Sold!
Highly recommend. But remember I'm a Texas gal and not from the East Coast so this is a southern review ;)笑
The lobster grill cheese and lobster roll is worth trying! In vegas craving something to eat for lunch and found this place on yelp :) really happy we did!笑
I LOVE, LOVE, LOVE their lobster rolls!!  So fresh and very flavorful!! The customer service was awesome and service was very fast.笑
Lobster mac n cheese was over cooked .. but.. the maine n the Cajun including the lobsicle.. WAS ALL BOMB. . I ENJOYED IT TO THE FULLEST. .笑
I am a New Englander.  I have cravings for lobster - especially a good lobster roll.  Good lobster rolls are hard to find even in New England - too much mayo, celery and other fillers and the lobster is drowned out.  I love the Maine Lobster Roll!  It is a real, honest to goodness, sit on the pier on the Atlantic and throw your shells into the sea, Maine lobster roll - done the way it should be done.  For all of you who think the price is high, have you ever bought lobster before?  Do you have any idea what it costs?  I go to the Lobster ME in San Francisco, and love it.  I go out of my way when shopping downtown to have lunch there.  Pure delight.笑
Pretty good place to grab a quick lobster snack but can be a little pricey when it comes to the lobster rolls.

This restaurant could be hit or miss depending on what you order. The lobster roll itself was a bit dry due to the amount of bread given in contrast to the lobster but had a great taste. The item I enjoyed the most was the lobstercicle. That deep fried lobster was awesome with the butter to dip on the side. 

I'd give three and a half stars but until yelp allows the half, this gets three from me. 

Lunch 7/13/2014笑
We'd just arrived in Vegas and were walking around the Miracle Mile shops when we realized we should find some food.  Lobster Me is in the food court area.  The menu sounded intriguing so we decided to eat here.  I'm so glad we did.  We had the Cajun lobster roll with Cajun mayo and spices (request warm lobster meat), the batter fried Lobsicle, and a Wicked lemonade.  I'm impressed.  The Lobsicle is fried lobster on a stick...who doesn't want that?!?!  Everything was good.  I would have liked to return here for a quick bite to eat, but there are so many places to try in Vegas that I had to bypass a second stop.笑
I love Lobster Me!  I wish we had one in Seattle, where I can't seem to find a good lobster roll.  The last time I was in Vegas, I made it a point to eat here.  I ordered the lobster roll with Cajun fries.  The lobster roll was really flavorful; it was filled with lobster meat, creamy, and slightly spicy on buttery, crispy bread.  The fries were decent, but they were nothing special compared to the roll.  It's true that the menu items are a bit pricey, but I think it's worth the price!  It's the perfect place to go to for food when you're in a hurry and don't want to go to sit-down restaurant.  Lobster Me has quickly become one of my favorite places to go in Vegas.笑
My favorite lobster roll place. If I see this place I'm going to stop by and get a lobster roll. Any lobster roll is amazing. I also recommend the combo to get the blueberry lemonade and lobster bisque soup. Cajun fries are delicious too. Can't go wrong with anything here.笑
I was trying to be "good" on my trip to Vegas this time...trying to eat well and not go overboard...exercise daily...all that went out the window when at 10pm I turned the corner in the Miracle Mile and like a shining beacon from Heaven saw the words "LOBSTER ME" (I do believe I heard angels singing...)

I wanted it all...I wanted to try EVERYTHING...my head was spinning with Lobster combinations that I had never had before...but I settled for a single Lobsicle.  After all, I was trying to be "good" wasn't I?  I figured a Lobsicle's portability could assist in my noble attempt to stay on my "diet" since I could easily eat it while walking the mall for 3 miles...I'd just call it a "push."  Riiiiiiiiight...

I walked around gnawing that thing and must have been stopped by 10 people asking me "what IS that?" - I pointed behind me in the direction of the pearly gates and said "Lobster Me!" - run, run while it's still open!!!

Needless to say...I gave in to temptation, which is not hard to do in Vegas.  I went back in the morning for the Lobster & Waffles...and the Lobster Wontons, and the Grilled Cheese, and the bisque, and the ice cream...and another Lobsicle.  Ok, ok, I admit it...I have a problem.  A serious lobster problem.  The only thing that could have made any of this any better would have been bacon...

Seriously, the people who DIDN'T give this 5 stars are all on crack...yes, it's expensive people...it's REAL LOBSTER!!!!  It's not langoustines, not crawfish, not any other stupid thing cheap restaurants try to pass off as real lobster...this is the REAL THING!!!  It is from New England and sweet and succulent and AWESOME!!!!  This food could easily be served in a fancy restaurant for more money!!

Lobster rolls - no filler, just a soft, sweet brioche-type bun with delicious seasoned lobster and more lobster...we could all argue until the cows come home over what makes a good roll, a bunch of mayo & celery or just seasoned lobster on a roll, but this roll is for purists...not people looking for a hot dog bun with lobster salad plopped in it.

Lobster Wontons - the filling is some kind of curried lobster mix and delicious, served with a side of sweet chili sauce.

Lobster Grilled Cheese - almost like a creamy cheese & lobster panini but softly toasted bread and creamy yummy cheese inside.  To die for!!!

Lobster Mac & Cheese - yes, it's on the "drier" side of the Mac & Cheese gamut, but that's what makes it so perfect.  Just lobster, cheese, breadcrumbs and YUM!  This is NOT your Kraft Mac & Cheese, it is not your mom's ooey-gooey runny cheese type Mac & Cheese.  It is like the kind you get in an upscale restaurant that only needs a few ingredients to make it good.  I have tried every Lobster Mac & Cheese I have ever seen, and this one is definitely one of the best!

Lobster on a stick (called a "Lobsicle") - ok, who is the friggin' GENIUS who invented THIS???  Let's put a Lobster Tail on a stick, deep fat fry it, and serve it with a slice of lemon and a bucket of butter...this is so much better than the crap-on-a-stick you get at the fair!!!  I picture this to be the fair food of the Rich & Famous...like there is a little Lobster stand at the Beach near the Hamptons where Muffy & Biff can stop and pick up a few Lobsicles to eat as they stroll the beach in their white tennis outfits?

Lobster Bisque - not the best I've ever had (that was the Clubhouse at South Coast Plaza - RIP) but it is a really REALLY good knock-off!!!  I am a HUGE Lobster Bisque snob...I like my bisque more on the creamy sherry side & not the tomato fishy side.  This was a perfect creamy sherry laced tasting bisque with a huge dollop of chopped lobster bits thrown in - all served hot & fresh in a yummy sourdough bowl.  I could have eaten 3 more of these...

Lobster Ice Cream - I know, it sounds gross...but it is AWESOME!!!!  Vanilla-based ice cream with chunks of lobster throughout.  Not sure if they soak the lobster in sugar or if it really is just that sweet to begin with, but this is one special taste you need to try!!!  They will let you have a small taste if you ask for it- try it!!!

Lobster Waffles - Now, let me preface this by saying that I am a HUGE fan of bacon & syrup together...I went ape-sh*t when Denny's had "Baconalia" and made the maple syrup bacon sundae.  If you like sweet & salty things, you will LOVE these Lobster Waffles.  Like in the Lobster ice cream, the lobster they use is the sweet New England kind, so it blends perfectly with the Belgian-style waffle & maple syrup.  The chunks of Lobster are tempura-battered and tossed on top of the waffle.  I cut mine up so I could savor a bite of everything each time...and used the extra side of syrup provided (of course!)

I will be back...again and again and again...LOBSTER ME BAY BAY!!!!笑
Lobster was definitely fresh as I actually got a small piece of shell in my roll.
The Connecticut (warm lobster with butter) was very good. The roll however was haphazardly made and the filling was already spilling out of the bun when I got it. The portions are very small for the price (almost $20 with tax) - possibly the smallest lobster roll I've gotten. Yes size does matter in this case. The chips were ok - not very fresh and too crunchy

Overall ok place to grab a quick bite if you're really craving an overpriced lobster roll笑
Used to be my favorite place on the strip for a great lunch now they give you a kids size roll for the price if a steak! Still good but this will be the last time I come unless they go back to a small and large roll priced ocordinly!笑
Hands down best lobster roll! Service was really friendly! I wished there were more seats, that's mostly why it got deducted one star. They had many different lobster rolls to choose from but we got the original. There was def a good amount of lobster and not much fillers which I loved! 

I wanted to feel healthy so opted for a side of lobster salad. It seemed a bit plain to me, but made me feel less guilty about wanting to try everything on the menu. 

Also tried Lobster bisque and clam chowder-lobster bisque was not good, it seemed too runny for me. However the clam chowder was really good!

I really want to go back and try the Mac n cheese and grilled cheese sandwich. Aghhhh..but Lobster Me got the thumbs up from the hubby, so that's always a good sign, and that's coming from a really hard to please kinda guy!笑
Ermagherd so delicious lobster mac and cheese and Cajun fries. Yes a bit pricey but hey you're in vegas. If you like that fishy taste, lobster, cheese, you're in the right place!

Portions are small so savor the bites :)笑
Excellent fast service. The chowder fries were to die for! Only for stars because it was a 28 dollar lunch for 1 person, but then again this is Vegas!笑
3.5 stars 

I got the extra large lobster roll for $22 and shared it with some friends. We thought it was rather pricey so we shared it just so we can at least try it. The lobster roll had nice big chunks of lobster meat which we all liked and enjoyed. Good tasting and worth trying out but pricey for a quick bite. I don't think the extra large would have filled me up if I had ate all myself, lol.笑
Stopped here 2 different days for lunch. 1st day we had conneticut lobster roll, lobster mac n cheese, chowder fries. It was amazing and friendly staff. 2nd day we had lobsicle, original roll, chowder fries, and grilled cheese w/lobster. It was delicious. The only complaint i have is that the seating wasn't the best. The food makes up for that.笑
be prepared for over seasoned and over cooked lobster..... Watery lobster bisque and flavorless bread. 40$ of nothing. Totally disappointed. Who puts oregano in a lobster roll?笑
Lobster Mac N Cheese and a Lobster Grilled Cheese! Quick Easy and Fantastic!!
this hidden little gem inside the Miracle Mile Shops in the Planet Hollywood is just that, a hidden gem.笑
Great little place to stop for lunch or a quick/casual dinner. Lobster rolls have about 5-6oz of tail and claw meat and the lobster was fresh. My son had the fish and chips, fish was cod and fries were fresh. I had the lobster/ shrimp cheveche it was okay but they mix it with mango and it made it a little to fruity. Overall the meals was good but a little pricy for a food court type meal. Good lunch spot or quick snack!笑
Quite expensive but what do you expect? Its lobster!! We ordered the lobster roll, the lobster mac n cheese, and the fish and chips. Everything was on point! Serving size is a little small for the price. My favorite was the mac and cheese!!笑
amazing!!! got the lobsicle but its $14 and a tiny little piece but its amazing. everything here is soo goid and they are always busy. they have kids meals which are great cuz soo many people come to vegas with kids. you will spend average $20 here but its vegas! i highly reccomend it ive been comming here for years笑
Ridiculously overpriced for one slice of bread folded in half filled with lobster. The lobster fries had one piece of lobster. 
They ran out of the chowder and need to update their menu online....笑
Lobster ME is good, but expensive "food court" food. I have been to the Venitian Shoppe location a few times as well as the one at Miracle Mile. 
There really isn't too much to say about the food. Its Lobster done a few ways.
I have tried the Conneticutt Lobster Roll, the Lobsicle and Lobster Mac & Cheese.
This was my favorite of all the menu items I have tried. CT style is my favorite because it is a warm protein as opposed to cold protein with mayo in the Maine version. Butter and chives round out the seasoning. very, very yummy.

What is a Lobsicle you ask? its basically a lobster tail on a stick. You can order it deep fried or grilled. Neither was as appetizing as it sounded. Think greasy vs bland.

The Mac & Cheese I had a few bits of lobster and a soupy consistency of cheese to mushy mac. I always prefer a more al dente noodle and cheesier and drier with a nice crust. This wasn't it.

Staff, for the most part the cashiers and expediters have been very pleasant and reassuring when ordering. They will recommend things if you are undecided.

Location ambiance, well...its a food court. So,that says it all. If you are looking for upscale fast dining, this is it.笑
Holy crab this place has the best lobster roll I ever had. It was so good. The roll was buttered and toasted warm. The lobster was gushing out because they were generous with it. And their fries were delicious. It's a must try! I saw it a few times when I was in Vegas and finally got it a few days before my flight back home and wish I had ate this sooner.*-*笑
It was a long long day and we didn'tt feel like dining out anywhere, just wanted to get some food to go and go back to the hotel. since our hotel was literally inside/right by the mall, we decided to try Lobster ME! everything seem to be a little price but then again, we're in vegas and on the strip, inside of a popular mall. everyone should try the Mac and cheese lobster! It's seriously the best! it's very rich and creamy! so good but so expensive, only a few lobster chunks. Lobster and chips were ok. I thought it was a bit pricy $30 for both and the portions was small. Only 5 pieces of lobster in each entree.笑
Looking for a fast and tasty lobster roll full of tasty lobster meat? Look no more Lobster ME serves up tasty lobster rolls on buttery rolls and lobster meat cooked to perfection. Service is friendly and service is fast (or it was on the day I went). Would recommend this place to anyone who is in the Mile Shops and craving some tasty lobster.笑
3 & 1/2 stars.. I was so looking forward to eating here but were small kine disappointed. They did pack it with lobster but it really had that fishy fishy smell/taste ( you know the smell of seafood not being fresh ). The bun was
Nice and the seasoning( celery salt ) was good but the taste and the fact that the lobster was really, really cold (almost frozen) which kinda threw us off. Service was good
But we
Could only eat here once笑
Awesome food we've been to Maine and this is Damn close. You can even get the lobster warm if you like. Quality food, quality service!笑
Though it's fast food, and it's very pricey, I enjoyed my meal very much! I got the lobster Mac and cheese and it was perfect. There was a generous serving of lobster on top of yummy macaroni and cheese. The portions were adequate. I personally can't each that much so I was able to get full off half of the mac and cheese. Some might say it's a small serving, but it was enough for me. I also got the fries to go along with it. Get the combo meal, you pretty much just get the drink for free. They share seating with Fat Tuesday and other places, so we kind of had to wait around to get a table. Also the tables were dirty... But I expect nothing less from a mall restaurant in Vegas haha. I'd come back if I was craving it. Not really a must if you're in Vegas, but it's a good place to try if you've never had it before!笑
I was really excited to try this place out!

After attending a pool party and walking around the strip, my friend and I finally decided to stop by here for a quick bite before returning to the suite. It is conveniently located inside the Miracle Mile Shop next to the Fat Tuesday! 

FOOD
--------------------

- Cajun Lobster Roll (cajun spices, lemon, butter, and seasoned mayo) - I ordered this one because I wanted something spicy! I made a great  choice because I really liked the spice and the seasoned mayo, but the lobster meat was a bit dry... The size of the lobster roll isn't something to rave about!

- Original Lobster Roll (Mayo and lemon with their house spice blend) - My friend ordered this. I tried and it was just OKAY!

- Garlic Fries - VERY GOOD AND TASTY! It's really worth it!

- Lobster Bisque - We ordered this for our friend, and she said it was good!


Overall, Lobster ME is GOOD. I don't think it's worth $18/roll but I'm just glad I crossed it off my list. It's not something I'd eat every time I'm in Vegas! I must say though that the customer service is great here! The girl who helped us knew the menu very well! And she was very engaging with every customer! Kudos to her!笑
Overpriced! And it looks nothing like the picture on their screen. My friends and I all ordered the lobster mac and cheese. It tasted pretty decent but the portion was small and we got sick of the Mac and cheese taste pretty quickly so we needed to go to chipotle afterwards to satisfy our appetite :(笑
Meh, more like 2.5/5 stars.  Nothing is special about this joint and I understand it's vegas but it's too overpriced for what it is.  

After eating earl's for the previous 5 meals, i decided to venture out and order something else. Lol...  I know, I'm a creature of habit.  Conveniently, this place is located right next to fat Tuesdays in the Miracle Mile.  

Ended up getting the lobster roll and the lobster bisque.  I've had some legit lobster rolls in Boston, and lobster me doesn't even hold a candle to it.  This is a pretty sad excuse for a lobster roll.  It's just pieces of lobster on a butter roll for about $17 bucks.  And as for the soup, the consistency is a bit runny.  I doubt lobster bisque is supposed to taste like that.  

There are a few seats located right in front of the shop, but if you come during rush hour, you might not be able to sit down.

The saving grace about this place is that the people working here are friendly.  You're better off taking your money and finding something else to eat.笑
Very expensive - even for Vegas prices. The lobster grilled cheese is basically a crab grilled cheese - Underwhelming with a minimum amount of lobster. The CT lobster roll was also underwhelming, and tasted unusually fishy - not fresh. I wouldn't try this place again. The fries were good.笑
This place is pretty awful. The food is horrendous. There was no flavoring in 5 of the 6 dishes I tried. The grilled cheese had a lot of sauce, but it was gross and extremely soggy. We pretty much threw everything away. Worse $100 spent. :(

Please don't come here. Save your money and go to Earl's Sandwich.笑
Lobster ME. Lobster YOU. Lobster ALL US.

The Lobster Bisque with Bread Bowl was a perfect snack for Jesse and I. It was delicious, creamy, and had lots of Lobster chunks in it. If you stayed at PH hotel, you can order it to go, and eat it in your room. That's what we did, Lobster Bisque + Bellagio fountain view = a perfect afternoon in Vegas before taking a nap.笑
Actually came across this place by accident and was so grateful. The food here was amazing. I had the Cajan Roll and the Lobster Mac n Cheese. So delicious. Next time I'm back in Vegas, I'm getting me a Lobster Roll.笑
My new favorite middle-of-the-night craving (which is unfortunate considering I reside in L.A. and have no such place near me at any time of the day)!

Lobster roll, lobster bisque, shrimp tacos, shrimp salad... All delicious! Last time I was in Vegas I made one A.M. visits two days in a row... The greatest drunken sustenance EVER! 

Only thing was the place wasn't incredibly clean but I'll chalk that up to being in the middle of the mall and at the whim of random passerbyers.  Also, the famed lobster roll was served  chilled.  Tasted slightly odd to me because of this, but I guess I'm no lobster roll connosieur...笑
Overpriced, expensive, horrible food. Lesson learn: do not have seafood at the desert.笑
This is a fantastic idea for fast food, I wish we had this in Australia/New Zealand.

At Lobster ME they will offer you the choice of grilled or fried lobster. Your lobster comes in a roll ($19), or with fries, or my personal favourite, the lobsticle (lobster tail on a stick). The lobsticle is small but there's deceptively quite a lot of meat on the stick.

This is my new favourite takeaways!笑
The wait wasn't too bad considering its dinner on a Friday. I ordered the original Maine style lobster roll and I must say its a decent sandwich considering its not imitation crab meat it's the new thing. Probably the only place to eat a lobster in Las Vegas for $17 bucks. The meat is chewy and juicy. Nicely seasoned with the celery tho I forgot there was mayo in it. All in all a good sandwich roll. Servers are nice too. Might try next Vegas trip.笑
Came by here after a long flight out from NYC where we have great Lobster Rolls in various styles.  I was hungry and it was late but this outlet was around the corner in the Miracle Mile shopping center which is connected to the hotel where I am staying.  I had the Connecticut-Style Lobster Roll (lobster cooked in butter instead of mixed with mayonnaise, Maine-style, which they also offered) combo with Cole Slaw, a cup of the New England Clam Chowder and an Apple Cider with the bill coming to a couple of pennies under $25.  Quality was pretty good even if quantity was a little on the small side for the price, almost snort-able up a nostril now that I think of it in hindsight...but what the heck, this is Las Vegas where everything's more expensive for tourists than even New York City but if they give me the good stuff, at least it takes some of the sting out!笑
Food: Lobster meat was a bit cold and heavily seasoned. Overpriced for small portion. Definitely more of a lunch or snack spot than dinner. 

Physical location: dark lighting, limited seating, super casual environment - reminds me of a mall food court.笑
Best lobster roll I've ever had!!!!!!! Tender, juicy ,and not rubbery at all. AMAZING !!!! I just wish I would have had the lobster bisque too!!!!!笑
My first trip here was pretty disappointing. Tried the lobster roll and the lobster mac and cheese. The roll was light and not too rich, but it was bland overall. The fries were standard. The coleslaw was ok...not anything special. The lobster mac and cheese was really bad. The lobster was ok, but the Mac and cheese was dried out and gritty. I've had better lobster mac as appetizers at places that don't specialize in lobster. If lobster is your thing, all your lobster dishes should be stellar.笑
We got the lobster roll, lobster grilled cheese, lobster bisque, and fish and chips. The roll was standard, it lacked a little flavor and was a tad dry for my liking. The grilled cheese was disappointing. The cheese was still solid (one of my biggest pet peeves when you order a "grilled" so-and-so or a "melt"). As for the flavor, the sauce they lather on gave it a little too much richness. Now that I think of it, I should have ate the roll together with the grilled cheese to counter balance each other. The bisque was nice and creamy, but lacked the lobster element. The fish and chips, surprisingly, was our favorite dish. It was meaty and crispy, and was the only thing that we finished. An extra star was given because of the service. It was a nice surprise to see workers come out to the table to make sure everything was to our liking.笑
The taste is soooo amazing!!! The chowder fries were surprisingly amazing. My husband and I both had the warm Cajun Lobster roll. The only this that kept it from a five was the roll was pretty small for the price you pay. Besides that we would come back again笑
Don't waste any of your money on this place! It's overpriced, underseasoned, and just plain terrible. 

The food looks good when you first get it. Their presentation is pretty nice, but all the food had something wrong with it. 

My family and I each ordered something different and nothing came out good. The lobster bisque was too runny and flavorless. The truffle lobster roll was overwhelmed with herbs. It tasted bitter. The lobster Mac and cheese lack any flavor outside of cheese. 

We all tried some of each dish and in the end, we were left with a lot of left over food. No one wanted to finish anything. 

Please don't buy any of their food. This place is horrible and you'll regret it after the first bite.笑
When I saw this place, I got excited. I live in SoCal and the only time I can get my hands on lobster rolls is when the Cousins Maine Lobster Truck or the Lobsta Truck are in my city.

I ended up buying a lobster roll with a soup, and it came out to $28. By being that pricey, I thought it better be good (especially since lobster rolls from the lobster trucks are $12-$13). So I finally take a bite and I was surprisingly disappointed. I love me my lobster rolls, but this just didn't meet my expectations.

Sorry, but if this were a food truck, I wouldn't follow.笑
Date & Time:  February 29, 2014 @ 1pm
Location:  Planet Hollywood Miracle Mile Shops
Dining Companion:  The Husband
Scene:  Shoppers Taking a Break in Flowy Tops, Leggings, Uggs
Decor:  Order @ Counter & Seat Yourself Quick Bites Spot
Service:  Fast & Efficient
Imbibe:  Sodas
Mediocre:  Maine Lobster Roll
Total:  $30笑
Long wait for food (when there was no line to order), pretty low quality on the sandwich -- had the lobster mcmuffin, pretty gross and not even assembled together笑
Pretty much everything here has lobster, so of course it appealed to me. It was difficult for me to choose what to eat, but I decided on a lobster roll and the lobster bisque. Both were extremely good and filling. The one thing I was bummed about is that they served chips instead of french fries or tator tots. 

That would be my recommendation to this place: make some dish with lobster and fries or tots!笑
Being from the Midwest, I've had my fair share of fried things on a stick. I also love lobster when done right. When we passed "Lobster Me" in the Miracle Mile, we actually joked about the billboard advertising the "lobsicle". A lobster tail on a stick battered and deep fried sounded strange and intriguing all at once. On our way back through I decided to go for it adding a new tally to my fried food on a stick resume. Let me tell you how happy this experience made me. I know I know. It's just food but OH MY!!!!! The food gods have showered us with an amazing concept that has blown me away. 
      The "lobsicle" is the perfect size lobster tail speared on a wooden stick, battered and fried to perfection. It's served with a lemon wedge and cup of melted butter. My lobsicle was cooked perfectly and so tender. I couldn't believe the frying process didn't turn it to unedible rubber. The only negative I can come up with is that Lobster Me closes at 11pm and I can't go get more RIGHT NOW!!!
     If you're looking for a quick, affordable and sinfully delicious new treat give this a try.笑
This is my first review, nothing compelling that made me decide other than rhoji calling me out on being yelp thief. Alright, straight to business.. The food was good, it was good for food in general and as far as lobster rolls go it was the best and worst considering it was my first. I just remembered why I dont write reviews, so I apologize for wasting your time.

Pros: 
Good food
Entertaining atmosphere
Dank mad nasty awesome seafood

Cons:
Poor value
Awkward seating
I feel it would be better if it were hot lobster

All in all nothing special just the only place I know to get a delicious lobster roll笑
Underwhelming is the kindest word. Over priced, tepid, bland, and greasy are a few others. May have caught them on a bad day but that's no excuse.笑
Uhhh hello! AMAZING. I always want to try something new but I can't resist The buttery toast bread with the flavorful lobster meat. I've heard of people getting skimped on their meat but mine is always overflowing ! They're salted chips and fries are always a nice side too, oh and they give you Cole slaw. 

Always get lost in the mall trying to find this place but it's a tradition every time I go to Vegas.笑
I miss the Tater tots, they need to bring that back, and lower the cost for lemonade $8 is too much.

The employees need to help with the menu instead of rushing you.  

The lobster on the stick is still amazing though love it yay!笑
I only had their lobster roll and cajun garlic fries. Some other people had received their food before us and were complaining that their bread was cold. As soon as our bread arrived I touched it and it was cold. We sent it back and got it toasted a little longer. 

Overall not bad, if you've never had lobster roll in Boston before. But I've been spoiled. You get a lot of lobster but it just isn't the same. It's better than the lobster rolls in LA but definitely does not compare to Boston. 

Sorry Vegas, I guess this is one of the few food items you can't replicate. 

The cajun garlic fries were good. :) But not enough garlic. :(笑
If I were basing this review on food alone it would be a four.  Unfortunately because of the service I have to give it only two stars. While yes,  the food is very expensive it is well worth it. This is the first place that I run to the moment I hit my hotel room I throw my bags on the floor and run to get my lobster on.  I have always had nothing but a great experience here until last weekend. The employees should really wear name tags so we know who it is that was rude. They were clearly understaffed and overwhelmed. And the young girl with the dark hair just could not handle it.  While I think she tried her best to be nice she was frustrated and it came off very rude. Two people in line walked away and I heard the woman say with these prices I don't need to put up with that.  It definitely added a sour note to otherwise wonderful food笑
Close to our hotel, I had wanted to try this place before we even got to Vegas (who doesn't love lobster, right?!) 

It was OK. I honestly was expecting more, but I really shouldn't have from what is basically mall food lol.

The lobsicle was kinda small and a little chewy and fishy. And SUPER greasy. Not worth the 14 bucks imo... (I wouldn't have been able to tell if it was a giant prawn honestly) 

The classic lobster roll however was SO yummy, my mouth is watering just thinking about it. The roll was toasty and buttery, and it was heaping full with lobster (I had to pick some pieces out before i could even pick it up and eat it) However, I have never had a lobster roll before so I have nothing to really compare it to haha. 

The green salad with lemon pepper vinaigrette was expensive and a waste of my money. 8 bucks for some lettuce a few cherry tomatoes and some oil to pour on top. Pass.

My sister said the fish and chips were delicious, but nothing like we get out here in California on the coast. She said it was Vegas-good (ha!)

It was yummy, but expensive. Almost 60 bucks for our meal. We will probably not go back.笑
Fast-food like joint i the middle of the Miracle Mile in Vegas. I was hoping to try the lobster ice-cream as weird as that sounds... It's intriguing. Unfortunately, they discontinued it... Sad

We had classic lobster rolls: on a cushy brioche bun they are quite good.

With fries: average. Crispy but not fresh.笑
I love lobster! I crave lobster rolls and lobster bisque soup, often. This place, just didn't impress me, my taste buds, or my overall expectations.
It's located in the Miracle Mile shops, which is a great place to shop, eat/drink off the strip, or just people watch. 
The manager, was very nice I'll add, and offered my man and I, a sampling of the New England Clam Chowder and Lobster Bisque Soups. The NYCC, was OVER salty. My gosh. A tad too overpowering, for the basic taste that soup can offer. The Lobster Bisque was good, but not comparable to seafood restaurant quality of course. Both were at the right temperature. 
We decided to split a sandwich and chowder fries. The sandwich had about 5 large pieces of lobster chunks on it and the bread was toasted and seasoned. It just didn't have enough sauce, the lobster could have had some flavoring or be butter-dipped and the fries were just okay, with the sauce/dip kind of thrown atop, but mainly coating just a few of them on top. 
We left somewhat bummed, especially at the price and despite the long line, but I did hear the Lobsicle and Lobster Grilled Cheese Melt, are pretty tasty. 
I just don't foresee returning, at this point.笑
My sister and I both agree that Lobster Me was just ok, and was pretty pricey. Even though we had gotten there shortly after 10, we received food that seemed like it had been sitting out (i.e. it wasn't piping hot). I chose the lobster roll, which had a good amount of lobster but tasted just ok. My sister had the lobster mac and cheese- and she's had better. She said that the lobster was sprinkled on top instead of baked together, so the flavors didn't meld together. 

We also shared a clam chowder, which was a bit liquid-y and slightly sour. Not a huge fan. 

Overall, just 3/5.笑
Where else In Las Vegas could you eat the best tasting lobster roll without paying an arm and a leg for it.  I love this place.  I really think I am in Maine when I go here.  The portion of lobster on the roll is huge.  I also think their lobsticles are great too.  I take all my company to Lobster Me & they love it just as much as I do.  I only wish their seating arrangements were a little more comfortable.笑
Can't resist anything lobster.

The food was excellent, but not excellent enough to be over priced.  

All the specialty lobster rolls come with chips for $19.  They're not big portions either.  

I had the lobster and chips, which came with a "Lobsicle" or lobster on a stick, a side of butter, and fries for $15.  The Lobsicle was so small.  This meal was probably 85% fries, and 15% lobster.  Tastes excellent, but I was still hungry in the end.  $15 and still hungry.  

Good flavor, but expensively priced.笑
A native New Englander, I've wanted to try Lobster Me since it first opened, but rarely make Planet Hollywood a destination. Having won free tickets to the Beatleshow! (which is a really fun show btw) and with a half-hour to kill before we had to line up,  we found ourselves wandering the Miracle Mile and happened  upon Lobster Me. As we perused the menus, written on chalk blackboards (yes there is the obligatory nautical theme here, but you're ordering and picking up at a counter and eating at a random table set not quite in the pedestrian walkway so there's not much in the way of what I'd call "ambience" - hence the 4 not 5 stars) --- anyhow as we were standing there we were approached by a very friendly gentleman who explained the offerings and offered us samples - of which my husband gladly partook. Alas, they were out of lobster ice cream, but we promised to return to sample the cuisine after the show.  True to our word, we returned and ordered the lobster roll (save your money and do not order the extra large -- for 6 more dollars you're only getting about an inch more of roll and maybe one or two extra lobster pieces) and the lobster bisque in a bread bowl.  Aaaaaah the lobster bisque!!!  Served in a delicious sourdough bowl, it was piping hot - just the right temperature, with a lobster garnish and my oh my! it was so buttery and creamy and oh so chock full of lobster chunks!!! i really couldn't believe I was having this in Vegas!!!! And the lobster roll (for 3 more dollars you can get fries and a drink - it's worth it) -- was superb!! Yes I am a lobster roll purist - my benchmarks are Woods Seafood and Lobster Hut in Plymouth, MA -- and I never thought anything, especially out here, would come close. But OH!!! this succulent lobster was dressed perfectly and the roll was grilled just the way it would be back East!!  What a wonderful find!!  There's all kinds of trendy stuff here too -- lobster mac and cheese, lobster shooters, and the aforementioned lobster ice cream that we haven't tried yet,but suffice it to say that we might just make Planet Hollywood a destination, just to partake of the deliciousness that is Lobster Me!!!笑
Awesome lobster rolls and bisque!  Fast and convenient if you're staying at Planet Hollywood.笑
All lobster!!!  Youu get a lot of lobster!  Cajun style was delicious. Its in a mall so the atmosphere is really casual.  Fries are OK.  Drinks are small but otherwise service was great and food was delicious!!! Too pricey in my opinion though笑
Every time my friends and I see this place we have to stop and get something even if we had it earlier.   It is that good, if you are a seafood lover.    

It's all about their Maine roll with a toasted bun, YUM!!! 

I wasn't really into lobster until this place.   Hands down, a must in Vegas!笑
Lobster mac n cheese worth the cost to me, just get a drink. Something a little spicy builds up as you eat. Worth the walk, yum!!笑
Really good fast food, but at a high price.

While on vacation, my sisters boyfriend was tasked with showing me some of the local eats, at least something that you can find during late hours. I haven't been to the Miracle Mile Shops, but essentially, it's a mall that includes night life and eating places.

After traveling towards the center of the place, you can find Lobster Me, located right next to a Fat Tuesday, if you want one of those big margarita drinks that everyone walks around with. The place itself is only a usual mall-foodcourt type of storefront, so it's a free-for-all on seating, which isn't much in the direct area. It might be hard to find seating, especially if you're with a group, because there are a lot of people bumbling around, especially at night.

There were a lot of things that I wanted to try on the menu, but there lies a small endeavor, everything is crazy expensive. I know that it's seafood, lobster to be specific, but it was a bit expensive in my opinion. Expect to spend around $8-15 for most stuff on the menu.

I had the Lobster & Chips (you know, fish and chips, but lobster). I also upgraded my fries to calamari fries. I originally was just aiming for the regular clam chowder fries as my only dish, but I had some leeway on my budget, so I spent a little more. The lobster nuggets were pretty good, and the cam chowder fries helped round off the meal. I've had calamari fries at other places, but this one is just as good.

Definitely worth a try, check it out, but I wouldn't come here that often, simply because of the price.笑
My favorite lobster roll place so far. Prices are pretty fair amongst some other similar places. The bread here is really soft and tasty. Service has always been pretty good here. I usually get the beltway (fave one). The lobster grilled cheese and lobster bisque is really good. Lobster mac and cheese was just alright tho. I will stop by everytime I'm in vegas.笑
I've been wanting to try this place for a while. Mac and cheese is my favorite, along with lobster and crab.

So of course I had their mac and cheese. I got the combo so I could have an iced tea, and my friends could share my fries. I knew $18 was a bit steep for me, but it's Vegas - and lobster!

The portions were bigger than I expected! Except.... for the lobster. But whatever. It was still delicious and fresh. Fries were good. Medium cut with semi-light cajun seasonings. Iced tea was unsweetened as promised - nothing special.

Employee working there looked very alternative, and was super friendly and helpful. I want to try one of their lobster rolls in the future. Hopefully there will be a little more lobster next time around.笑
They uniqueness about this place is what appealed to me.  I had the "El Diablo" roll and it was good but I think I rather have my lobster the traditional way with warm butter.  The lobster margarita was pretty good and it even had a lobster claw in it.  Overall, worth trying once just to check it out but I'm not sure I'll be craving this place anytime soon.笑
This place was a rip off!!!! The lobster roll was about the size of a regular hot dog. We should have never come here, four bites and I'm done. We spent $50.00 on two rolls a two sodas. Looks nothing like the picture on their website. There is no way that was a pound of lobster. I don't know why people are willing to spend their hard earned money on this.笑
Surprising it the best way to describe Lobster Me. Not sure but this seems to be a food truck concept that is now brick and mortar ? This walk up mall location offers a wide variety of all things Lobster indulgent. 
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/lobster-me-miracle-mile-shops-las-vegas#JDyPbRNg_ctDq6kfOnkx5g
 It's like Forrest Gump for Lobster. Lobster Rolls,Lobster Mac'n cheese, Lobster grilled cheese sammie,   Lobster Bisque, Lobster Tacos, Lobster deep fried, Lobster salad and what ?  Lobster ice cream( oh yes that too).  

To be clear even though it's a walk up order counter, don't expect cheap prices. The 2 Lobster taco combo will set you back $17 but the are well worth the splurge for fast casual dining. Large and fluffy chunks of freshly steamed lobster meat fill the taco. 
These are not "langostinos" or left over rubbery stuff often passed off as lobster, this is bona fide lobby goodness. Squeeze that lime onto the sweet spot of the taco with the cabbage, pico, and some of their chipotle cream sauce and oh my. 
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/lobster-me-miracle-mile-shops-las-vegas#XGE7RtVxumyCtrmgyAxwhw
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/lobster-me-miracle-mile-shops-las-vegas#9yhob1WCQSRGkIa5x2RWjg

Surprising to say the least. I wish I had a bigger appetite when I was there but this was mid afternoon, pre-dinner snack that two of us shared and it was perfect.   I will go back and try the other goodies next time I am in town. Wonder when these are gonna make their Cali debut?笑
I know folks have been assuming this place is trying to be clever by naming themselves Lobster ME since ME is supposedly abbreviated for Maine, home of the world's best lobsters.  Their choice of price point and marketing strategy to serve their food in the style of your neighborhood galleria is questionable (when was the last time you purchased a single item in a food court over 15 bucks, including airports?) 

My latest theory is that the name was originally supposed to be Lobster MEH and even their shoddy construction of the sign resulted in the H falling off.   

In terms of quality, this place strikes me as the byproduct of a marginal Iron Chef contestant presented with the secret ingredient of succulent Maine Lobster and concocting 4-5 mediocre dishes (including the fatal death blow of using a savory ingredient for ice cream)

The judges have spoken: Iron Chef Meh, your cuisine does not reign supreme.  Save your money to purchase two amazing lobster rolls caught right off of Cape Cod for the price of one "world's best lobster roll" (picture me taking two lobster claws and making air quotes) that you could be purchasing here.笑
Not what we expected at all....very disappointed. ...the prices were very high and the food was sub par. The lobster roll was so small compared to the photos and the grilled lobster sandwich only had a few pieces of lobster and barely even any cheese.  I wouldn't recommend. There are way better restaurants here for a lower price.笑
We decided to have a quick lunch and saw this place as we were walking.  We got a lobster roll, and fish and chips.  The fish and chips were flavorful, but the lobster roll was pretty disappointing. I saw someone with the crab roll, and thay definitely looked more appetizing.笑
I don't know what kind of food these other reviewers are used to eating, but I found no substance to any of the claims being made about poor taste, quality, or quantity. My wife and I ordered the lobster mac 'n cheese, a traditional lobster roll, salt and vinegar fries, and a drink. With a $4 online coupon, we got all that for $32. And after a solid afternoon of dodging drunk idiots on the Strip, we found our previously empty stomachs delightfully filled.

Both the roll and the mac had a good amount of lobster chunks. Again, I say that these were CHUNKS. It was not flaky, or fakey. Straight up lobster chunks from a real lobster. The mac was not huge, but it would definitely satisfy your average hunger strike if supplemented with a small side (like fries) and a drink. The roll was smaller (as lobster rolls are supposed to be), but still on the larger side of ones I've eaten in the past. The roll itself was like a buttered and grilled Texas Toast. It was probably about 5" long and completely stuffed with lobster meat.

The fries were only lightly drizzled with vinegar to avoid an overpowering taste. The salt level was good. 

Look, if you want lobster without the buffet price and/or pretentious ambience, go to this place. I think it's a worthy substitute for excavating a lobster's exoskeleton yourself while paying a very reasonable (at least by Vegas standards) price.笑
A good choice for a fast lunch on the strip. 
 The lobster has a lot of flavor. The roll is toasted perfectly with  butter .
 Over all - good,fast and fair price.笑
Lobster.. yummmmmmmmmmm. 3 stars for the food, but would round up to 3.5 if possible due to their awesome staff. Also, if you check in on FourSquare they will give you a discount on your tab! Since I forgot to show them my check-in until after we had paid, they offered to give us something for free, which is how we ended up with the bisque. We tried-

-Lobster Mac n Cheese- Really creamy and rich tasting, but could have used more salt. The lobster pieces are on the smaller side and are sprinkled on top of the mac n cheese.
-Lobster and Shrimp Ceviche- Good, but not the best ceviche you'll have. A decent amount of lobster was in the ceviche, overall the dish is very pricey.
-Lobster Bisque- The best dish that we ordered! The bisque was creamy and delicious, and you can taste the buttery goodness.
-Lobster Ice Cream- We just tried a free sample but wow! It wasn't delicious.. but way better than I expected. The person working there explained that it was a Butter Maple based ice cream (or was it Vanilla Maple.. something along those lines) and they added chunks of lobster to the ice cream. I don't think I would order this, but it was definitely worth trying!

Overall, come to Lobster Me if you're craving lobster. I think we would have been more satisfied if we went with the standard lobster roll. However, this place is on the pricey side for what you get, and there are plenty of other places to eat at in Sin City.笑
I checked this place out the last time I was out in Las Vegas with high hopes that it would be similar to Luke's Lobster on the east coast.  Unfortunately, I must have ordered the wrong thing because their basic lobster roll was just not up to par.  The split roll contained lots of lobster meat piled high but the flavor was just salt water from frozen lobster meat being quickly dethawed.  The lobster roll didn't taste fresh and didn't justify the price.  I may have to check out the lobster fries and the lobster on a stick the next time I'm around, but if you are ever on the east coast, try Luke's Lobster - they do lobster rolls right!笑
For our second visit here, we ordered many things:  lobster and chips, lobster and waffles, lobster bisque, cajun fries and the original lobster roll.  The original lobster roll wasn't as memorable as the first time we ate it.  The lobster roll was overflowing with lobster.  I really liked the waffles and the lobster bisque though.  The waffles were soft and delicious.  The lobster bisque was superb also, served in a bread bowl.  We were beyond stuffed and will probably come back again.笑
Quality lobster rolls!

I have been to Lobster Me for a few times during my recent Vegas trip. The restaurant is located in a mall connected to Planet Hollywood hotel and it does not offer any table service. Customers order at the counter and then pick up at the registry when called. 

The menu of lobster roll is simple but offers good varieties. My favorites are the Maine Lobster and Cajun lobster roll. There are generous portion of lobster meat inside each roll and the bun is super soft and served warm. Standard lobster rolls come with coleslaw as well.

As for prices, lobster roll is around $19 each, which is OK considering it is Vegas. I find one lobster roll may not be filling enough for dinner and you may need to supplement the meal with fruits/salad/soup to feel full. 

Overall, a decent place for Lobster roll.笑
This will go down as one of the best splurges ever in our many years of food exploits. I was so curious about trying the lobster roll ever since we noticed this place opening last year (never had one! seen them on the food channel on DDD though, so was familiar). Enter last friday when I was entertaining the idea of places to check out this weekend. I had my mind set on this place. I kept talking to my husband about it and we had a nice build up. I was hoping to have it yesterday, except we had spent some time on the east side with my in-laws (translation: we were out all day), that we decided it would be today. Yes, finally, today. Can you feel my anticipation? 

Lunch was relatively empty for a sunday though there were lots of characters passing by (the people watching). There are about 16 tables about five feet away from the restaurant. You order and pay at the window. Ok, a short feeling of sticker shock, over $50 for two combos, the XL Lobster Roll, fries, and a drink. I inquired about the Lobster Ice Cream and the cashier gave us each a sample. Nice surprise, because we didn't ask, but that was nice of her. It was different (not that bad, actually, though my husband made a face suggesting he didn't like it), and now we can say we've tried it! A short wait later, another nice lady delivers the food to us, and what a picture! The nice server brought us lots of ketchup, napkins, and plastic utensils. She also cleaned up when we were leaving.  

The lobster meat (claws and knuckles) on both sandwiches was very generous, and the mayo was light and the seasonings were just right. The bread was lightly buttered and was toasted enough for a light amount of crustiness. (I hate when the bread is soft and gets squashed up.) Also, the bread was not heavy, making the lobster the main attraction (as it should be!). It was the perfect balance. The lobster meat was sweet and fresh tasting (no smelly fish smells here), there wasn't a whole lot of mayo (hate when it's mayo overload, gross), it was delicious!!! Usually, I eat pretty fast, but I went really slow, because I wanted to savor it. In fact, my husband finished his sandwich before I did. I got a few small pieces of shell, but it really wasn't a big deal. The fries were skin-on, thinly sliced steak fries, seasoned, and crisp. The fries were flavorful, but the portion was very generous, so I didn't finish it. Drinks are free refills until 11 pm. 

We both really enjoyed it. It's such a nice thing when a place lives up to your expectations. Yes, it's not cheap, but it's lobster from Maine, people! And yes, people passing by will stop and stare at your food, but who cares, I was so into the food, I wasn't even noticing them. I was so happy to have finally had a Lobster Roll, it was food bliss. It is worth the $$$. Take a to-go menu (no prices) and plan the next meal here. Afterward, some walking around the mall was in order, as we were both satisfied, and fully nourished.笑
I came to Lobster ME for a quick bite after landing and waiting to check in to the hotel.

I ordered the Lobster Grilled Cheese, Cajun Fries, and Blueberry Lemonade.

The Grilled Cheese & Cajun Fries were tasty and hit the spot and the Lemonade was refreshing!笑
Went for the lobster roll and was not disappointed.  Its in a mall type setting, but a great priced great tasting, big chunks and NOT to much mayo.  Ill be back.笑
Came here on my last night in Vegas for a quick bite to eat before I had to head over to the airport. The food was decent albeit slightly expensive (but it is Vegas I suppose) and service was okay. 

For food, I tried:
- The Beltway lobster roll (lobster, shallots, chives, panko bread crumbs), 4/5: at first I was sad by how small it was compared to the picture on the menu board but it actually ended up being quite filling/rich. Decent amount of lobster but needed slightly more seasoning. Side chips and coleslaw were meh. 
- Chowder fries (fries covered with clam chowder, cheese sauce, and bacon), 3/5: FYI this was not advertised as having bacon in it, so my vegetarian friend ordered it but then wasn't able to eat it because there were bacon bits mixed in everywhere. Tasted good but nothing extraordinary, although adding Cajun seasoning (you can ask for some) did enhance the flavor.
- Lobster grilled cheese, 3/5: mostly a grilled cheese with tiny-small amount of lobster. As far as grilled cheese goes, it was quite delicious but then again, I wouldn't pay $10 for just a normal grilled cheese. 

Overall, the lobster roll is probably the best thing to try here but it is rather small and $17. Not sure I would come back again.笑
Im a fan but I won't come back every time I'm in Vegas. The bread was yummy, the lobster was too but I didn't like the claw part, it was yucky. 

I got the XL cajun and my bf got the original XL, meat was a bit cold. XL for $23. I thought it was a bit pricey but I assume they sell it by weight, so idk.. 

Everything came out totaling $68 for lunch. (2 XL, fries, large drink and lobster mac & cheese - which was overrated.) And again, I thought it was pricey for lunch for just sandwiches. 

Will I be back? 

Maybe when lobster ice cream is available. For this trip, it wasn't.笑
Stick with the Cajun. It has the right amount of butter mayo and peppers. The flavor is enjoyable. My second time here. Ordered the Connecticut as well not bad but preferred the Cajun. Overall if you love lobster this is a must. Enjoy it笑
THIS PLACE IS SO DANK! I just finished my Cajun lobster roll and I'm so sad it's gone. Totally worth 18$. Lobster fries was delicious as was the lobster mac and cheese. They don't cheat you out of lobster either!!笑
went and line was ok. the cashier was helpful. the food was received in about 10 minutes. i ordered 3 sodas. it states that these drinks are large for $3 each. the actual size is medium. i ordered 1 lobster bisque, 2 lobsters and chips, and 1 mac and cheese. the mac and cheese was reviewed by my 6 year old niece and the mac and cheese did not meet her expectations. dont order it. the lobster mac and cheese didnt have a lot of lobster as displayed on pic. the lobster bisque was watery and lacked flavor. the best thing to order would be the lobster and chips.笑
Great servers!  The funky, skinny redhead gal was awesome. Great customer service. The lobster roll was okay. The bread overpowers the flavor & taste of the lobster. The taste of the bread was very good but I just couldn't taste the sweet, succulent lobster. $17.00 for great bread?  Fool me once; shame on you. Fool me twice; shame on me. (I won't be fooled twice).笑
Lobsicle!!! I wasn't really into the tempura part but the tail with butter and lemon is still pretty tasty.笑
I just eat the grilled lobster deep-fried lobster on the stick the Diablo lobster roll lobster macaroni and cheese are the best you can get  I have no words to say but excellent the manager dan really is the best hot and fresh lobster笑
LOVE LOVE LOVE this place!!! As a local, it's great to go here for lunch.  It's cheap, fast and most importantly YUMMY! My personal favorites are the lobster grilled cheese sandwich and the chowder bread bowl.  The staff is always very friendly and welcoming too.笑
The Cajun Lobster Roll is tasty. It's kind of small but they do pack a nice amount of lobster in it. I got a L Cajun Roll while BF got a XL Original. The cajun had a nice kick to it but I dont like the fact that it comes out cold. I know its a lobster roll and it doesnt need to be hot but it shouldnt feel like it came straight out of the fridge either. BF said his roll was okay, nothing extraordinary, but the size was disappointing for a XL. He said he'd probably need two or three to be full. I think i'd need a XL next time to be somewhat full.  They should really post up the sizes og the rolls so people know how much to order. 
I was also disappointed that they didn't have the Lobster and Shrimp Ceviche. I really wanted to try that but the worker just said, "we don't have that today." If you don't have it everyday maybe you should specify that on the menu! Just sayin...笑
Needed something fast and just happened to walk by at the Miracle Mile shopping center. The lobster bisque and lobster dog were excellent. I would go back for a quick bite anytime.笑
Should change the name to Lobster Mehhh. I felt like I was at the food court in the mall when i saw how this place was set up. It would have been better if it were since the mall has more seating.
Had the lobster roll combo that came with fries and a drink. The Lobster roll was not a traditional one in my eyes. It was filled with plenty of lobster but was not tossed in the mayo/scallion mix a Maine lobster roll would have. It seemed to have a vinegar based medley that overwhelmed any on the natural flavors. The item that was the best was the fries, theses were actually very tasty. The lobster mac and cheese was so-so. A few lobster chunks on top but none throughout, not worth the $9.95. Definitely not returning!!笑
so when I first heard about this place I was actually expecting a sit down restaurant by the sounds of it. Well surprise surprise, it was a quick little place in the mall. Of course it looked awesome. So I ultimately had the lobster fries and both kinds of rolls. Now before you think I had them at once, I actually went to have them on 3 separate occasions while I was on my trip!!!!!

Do I need to say more if it was that worthy?!
Anywho, the lobster fries were out of this world especially after I squeezed some lemon on those puppies. And the lobster rolls with some mayo packets was TO DIE FOR ...
Sadly this post has only left me craving it all over again and I'm a few thousand miles away...*sigh*笑
I'm used to getting their chowder fries but I'm convinced that I have to get the lobster cheese fries next time. I can easily eat everything on the menu but it's all about control I want to like this place still, so in order to do so, I just gotta limit myself. I really enjoy the chowder fries though, I did have the grilled cheese and that was yummy too. Texture and flavor for both is on point!笑
Lobster on a stick! Really what more can I say to sum it up. My husband and I dined at Lobster Me after reading about it on Yelp. As others have said, it was a bit pricey but again we're talking about Lobster here folks! The place is located in the Mile of shops next to the Planet Hollywood hotel/casino. Suite #435. 

I had the Lobsicle. Which was basically an amazing huge chunk of lobster fried on a stick. I also upgraded to the cajun fries, which honestly I don't remember how they were because I was in Lobster Heaven. The husband ordered the Maine Lobster Roll which was a toasted buttery roll with huge Maine Lobster claws in it. The lobster was cold, which was a bit unexpected, but who knows maybe that's how it's supposed to be? He also had the garlic fries but I believe he didn't eat them because that huge Maine Lobster roll filled him up! We also ordered a bucket of beer, because well, it's Las Vegas! All together our total was $56 and worth every cent. 

I can't wait until our next annual trip back to Vegas. Lobster Me is going to be one of the first stops, perhaps before even checking in! Yeah, it's that good.笑
If you're a lobster lover do yourself a favor and get the maine lobster roll. OMG, to die for. It comes with their house made chips which are also good. I'd go back and get this again and again. It's that damn good!笑
Lobster grilled cheese was decent because it barely had any lobster.  

Lobster Mac N' Cheese on the other hand had enough lobster and tasted awesome, each bite was heavenly.  I'd order this again in a heartbeat.笑
So yummy. The mac and cheese was the best. The sliders were ok and tasted a little like just tuna.笑
Sooo good. We had the Connecticut at Venetian and we wandered all the way to planet Hollywood and tried the lobster tacos which was also very good. Lots of lobster and very yummy. We had the soup combo and had the lobster bisque but thought it was so so. My wife loves this place and I bet you will too :)笑
Came here on Wednesday... The portion and just the way the roll looked... was AMAZE balls.. But today which is Sat. ... The meat..  Small n the srevice kinda sucked. I guess if u wanna come here.. It's a hit or miss... Sadly to say.. Today a major miss.笑
I came here 6/5/17, and I ordered the fried Lobsicle. It was a lightly breaded lobster tail on a stick. It was so good, not greasy whatsoever. I waited until I got back to my hotel room about 20 minutes later to eat it, and it still had a refreshing taste to it. I will definitely come back here on future trips to try other menu items.笑
Free soda refills until 11pm!

Great spot when you get tired of the endless celebrity steak houses and cheesy buffets. Good lobster roll which has more smaller chunks as opposed to those huge ones you can find in Boston. Great lightly salted butter on the toasted roll. And the free soda refills are awesome. They come by your table to check on you periodically and offer to refill your cup. Good service and attitude, reasonable prices, and the lobster roll hits the spot. I'd go again.笑
Good food and good service for a mall-type restaurant. Five stars if there was more lobster on my frenchy lobster melt.笑
Why the less than subpar reviews? 

I loved everything I got! We got the lobster mac and cheese, lobster shooter and the lobster roll ($20). All of this totaled up to be around 40 bucks, but we were so pleased when the meal came to our table. They serve hunky chunks of lobster in each order, but my favorite had to be the roll because of the mountain of savory lobster inserted into two buttery toast buns! Get's me so excited! 

Great shopping area and quality food in a to-go setting. I'm a fan!笑
1st off i walked all the way around to find  the place and i order the signature lobster roll for 23 bucks and i get a baby roll with about $5 dollars worth of crab and lobster . What a rip off笑
I wouldn't call this the best lobster roll I've ever had, but a) we're in Vegas, and b) we're in a damn food court!

So I would call this the best (and only) lobster roll I've ever had in a food court. We had the Connecticut and the Cajun lobster rolls.

My beef with lobster rolls (pardon the pun) across the board is one just isn't enough! They do pack a solid amount of lobster into these rolls. Lobster quality itself was good, but not melt in your mouth exquisite. 

That being said, next time I'm in Vegas and craving a lobster roll, I'm all over it.笑
What a rip off!  Stingy with the lobster in the lobster roll and soggy chips.  The only reason I am not giving this one star is the clam chowder, while overpriced was very good.  What was I thinking paying $34 for fast food.  Never again,.笑
This place is such a scam, way overpriced for absolutely no lobster. I won't come back笑
I love lobster rolls, and my friend recommended the Cajun lobster roll at Lobster Me when I told him I was going to go to Las Vegas over the weekend. 

While walking around the mall in Planet Hollywood, we decided to pop by Lobster Me and try out the Cajun lobster roll. We got a combo with French fries and a drink. 

The lobster roll was only okay -- the bun was toasted, which was good, and there wasn't too much mayonnaise but there was a heavy dusting of some Cajun spices and scallions on top of the lobster roll. The meat went from very bland to overspiced from all the spices in two different bites. It was weird. 

The fries were also only okay, but nothing to write home about. 

The drink machine ran out of ice, which happens, but it didn't improve my impressions of this place, because we desperately needed something cool to drink after inhaling all the spices on our lobster roll. 

I'm not sure if we'll have the Cajun roll again, but I wouldn't be averse to trying some other items on the menu.

TIP: Free samples of lobster ice cream?? I didn't get any, since they were closing up, but maybe...笑
All those pictures of huge chunks of lobster had me dying to try this roll. Unfortunately after i paid my $23 for my sandwich, fries, and soda all i got was a tasty buttered bun with scraps of lobster that didnt even reach the top of the bun. I'm wondering if the fact that mine came in a togo box had anything to do with my quality. What was there tasted fine, but like i said, there was hardly anything in the bun and my last two bites were only bun. Stick with Todd English Pub's lobster rolls. They may seem small but there is 3 of them.笑
Been a regular at Earl of Sandwich everytime I stay at Planet Hollywood but wanted to venture out to see what else was around. Lobster Me is close by, next to Fat Tuesday. Their menu is amazing, everything lobster in all kinds of variations! I wanted to try everything, but I just got a lobster roll cajun style. Boy is it spicy, but very good. Quite expensive for a sandwich/roll, $25, but that's what you can expect with lobster. I'll definitely be back to try other items on the menu that caught my eye, like the lobster mac n cheese and lobster bisque.笑
Get the Connecticut Roll. It's the only thing really worth having. The Truffle Roll is lobster salad with a lot of filler. The lobster Mac is bland and skimpy on the meat.  The chips and slaw that come with the roll are a good side, but a cup of chowder makes it all a good meal.笑
Ended up gettin the Diablo....  Man ...!!!!!! It was bomb ,.... The chef told me to try Cajun style next time ,...  Lobster Mac n cheese was ok ,...   Cajun fries were to oily needed a more crisp to it ,,..   All in all was pretty coo just cuz I luv lobster an most deff going back for another roll ,....笑
Great Place! All items on menu are really good. Large chunks of Lobster. Only down fall is that it's in a mall. Highly recommended! The original main style is a must try.笑
Located inside Miracle Mile, Lobster Me was a pit stop that was really interesting to try. The advertising for a free sample of lobster ice cream was very enticing also. Here we go:

Location: Such a good spot next to Fat Tuesday and right inside Miracle Mile. You can't miss it. There are lots of tables in front of the shop so you can sit there and eat or take it to-go.

Food: Had the lobster grilled cheese. It was pretty good and was pretty packed with lobster, but the only downside was that it was pricey. It's expected though because it's, well, lobster. And, couldn't resist the lobster ice cream sample.. free is always awesome (: The ice cream just tasted like vanilla ice cream though.笑
We were in town for 3 days and ate here 3 different times.  Ordered the lobster salad for me and a plain Mac n cheese for my 2 year old.  Both were delicious!  The girls working the front were very helpful and friendly.  The only thing is that the salad I ordered wasn't as big as I thought it should be for $14.  I do have to say that the salad was VERY fresh!  I'm usually skeptical about getting take out salads and ending up with old and wilted lettuce, but the lettuce was very crisp and had no signs of just sitting around in the back somewhere.  The lobster was great, too!

The lobscicles... Absolutely fabulous!  Seriously, my mouth is watering just writing about them!  I'll definitely stop by here next time I go to Vegas and want a quick bite!笑
This restaurant is good, but it has declined since my last visit a few years ago.  They increased the price of the lobster rolls and decreased the amount of lobster that is served with them.  If you want a roll like they used to make them, you now have to pay an extra $10.  It's a little ridiculous.  If I'm going to pay $29 for 1 sandwich, I'd rather pay a little more and just eat at a buffet that includes lobster.笑
the food is delicious but it kinda of pricey for the little amount you get. I mean this Vegas for the amount of money you're paying you can get so much more other places for great quality of food.笑
The woman or young gal that was working at the cash register on Sunday evening was superb, excellent customer service. The food is fantastic. My only complaint is that they should have some green salsa for the lobster tacos.
#LobsterMe rocks! Delicious, definitely will be back.笑
I had Lobster Me for brunch on our last day on the strip. I went with the Lobster & Eggs with Tater Tots.

The eggs were okay, the lobster in them didn't really taste like anything. So that was pretty disappointing. The tater tots were fantastic, but you can't go wrong with tater tots :D

What I did really enjoy was the Lobster Ice Cream! Maple Ice Cream with bits of Lobster? OMG! The sweetness of the maple and the salty of the lobster balanced each other out nicely. 

I'm not downing this place just yet over one dish. I do plan on trying something else next time I'm in the area and I'll definitely be coming back for the ice cream!笑
Other than clogging arteries,  this place was fantastic for a mall food court. I got the lobster roll and chowder fries. $24 is expensive for mall food, but this is Vegas.笑
The lobster roll and lobster and chips are great! Happy to pay $17 and $13 for each of them笑
A fast food style Lobster Roll restaurant hiding in PH Miracle Mile Shops!

So I presume you are coming here for Lobster right??  How do the rolls compare to the ones I've tried in Boston/Maine recently?

Here's what I ordered : "Maine Style" Lobster Roll ($17): Touch of Mayo, Lemon, and Secret Spice Blend. This is very good! More seasoned than the ones I've had on the East Coast, but very flavorful with sweet and tender Lobster! 

The others I have tried are all pretty simple and plain...just butter and maybe a touch of mayo.  You don't need much more than this to have a great roll!  But Lob ME does a nice spice/rub on their lobster, that adds a great taste to it, without being too distracting.  

I saw they also have a cajun rub, which might be good...gives me a reason to come back and try it!

It might feel a little expensive at first, but these are actually cheaper than most places on the coast (avg was $20-25), even during lobster season!!  The fact that it is located in the center of the strip as well, makes the price seem very fair IMO!

Check it out and see for yourself :)

Pic :笑
I am so disappointed! A few months ago, my friend and I saw this place and promised the next time we come, we'll order as much as we can from here because we love lobster! When we came, we ended up just ordering 3 things: lobster mac & cheese, lobster grilled cheese and lobster & chips. Right when took our first bite of the lobster mac & cheese, we were SO sad! The cheese had no flavor and there was very few chunks of lobster. Then we tried the lobster grilled cheese and it tasted so plain. The lobster & chips had only ONE piece of lobster but the few bites we took from that piece was good. We've tried many lobster meals and this was honestly one of the worst experiences we've had. We thought maybe we didn't experience the true "Lobster Me" experience because we didn't order a roll but we agreed we wouldn't even try any because we already spent $40+ on a meal that made us full but not satisfied.笑
I love myself a good lobster roll and Lobster Me have been a place I wanna check out for sometime now. We order the 2 combos one Cajun Lobster Roll Combo with Clam Chowder and fish taco combo with a side of chowder fries. 

For $18 a combo it's pretty pricey which I wouldn't mind if the food was good. At best it was decent. 

Nothing special about the lobster roll I had or the water down clam chowder. Fish taco was suppose to be fried but it didn't taste crunchy at all. I was very disappointed with our lunch. 

It was said to be the best Lobster Roll in U.S 

Not true, this is the worst Lobster Roll and clam chowder I have ever had. Even chowder in a can taste 10 times better then their water down chowder they serve. 

The only reason why they got 2 stars was because the server was very friendly and they give you free refill drink. 


Btw, if you yelp, hashtag, or Facebook they'll give you a free drink!笑
I have been dying to try this place for years. I go to Vegas once a year and everytime I walk by im always full or we are heading to a fancier place to eat. I am so glad I stopped at this place. I have had some really expensive fancy lobster mac n cheese but this place tops it. It was absolutely amazing, The lobster was perfect. The cheese that they picked to go with it was fantastic. I will defiantly be going back next time I am in Vegas. If you love Lobster check this place out. It looks cheap but, it's way better than what you expect.笑
I never really ate lobster until I came here and ate the lobster roll. It was really good. I would have prefered it warm but it was served cold but still good. The garlic fries were out of this world. 
There aren't too many seats here, especially because a family of what seemed like 100 pulled all the chairs together. But this experience made me really enjoy lobster- plus I was tipsy and tired of eating rice from Panda Express.
I haven't had lobster since because I only want the roll from here.笑
Was in Vegas July 20, and thought I stop in and try the Losbter Me, what a waste of monies, the pictures posted here on Yelp is nothing like the sandwich they give you, more like a Lobster spead instead of a Lobster sandwich, trust me when I say this save your monies so many better places to eat at and for $17.00 and its true the sandwich is not bigger than a cell phone. A mess if I was not in my room when I open the sandwich believe me it would have went back but I choose to trash it and take the lost.....笑
The Cajun: This lobster roll was made with Cajun mayo and secret spices, and served with house chips. At first glance I was unhappy with how small the roll was, but all that seemed to go away after my first bite. The spice and flavor hits you right away and all you realize is that you just took a bite of heaven. The buttery roll just made each bite flavorful and juicy.

Lobster Cheese Fries: Fries covered in lobster bisque, then topped with lobster meat and cheese curds. The bisque wasn't as flavorful as the roll. The lobster meat was limited, and the cheese curds didn't have much taste. However, it's quite a unique dish and I'm still happy I got it. If you really want some good fries, go and get the Chowder Fries. My friend ordered them and I would definitely order that next time.笑
I have to start by saying the portions are tiny.  My 4 year old hammered down the fish n chips in under 5 min, not bc they were delicious but because they were literally 3 strips the size of my thumb!  For $12 it is a horrible buy

The lobster sandwiches are also for the post bariatric surgery patient with a belly the size of a orange.  The lobster chunks were good but for $17 I would expect more than 3 bites folded in 1 slice of regular bread.

Pros
Convenient location

Cons
Size
Portions
Size
Portions
Cost
Cost

Do NOT recommend. For $4 more might as well eat a full Planet Hollywood buffet!笑
Looked delicious from the menu. Ordered a Connecticutt lobster roll combo and Lobster Mac and Cheese.  Lobster roll really was as delicious as it looked. Unfortunately they don't tell you they're bite sized- 2 bites actually. Mac and cheese tasted like it was from a dollar store box with lobster crumbs sprinkled in. They forgot the fries with my combo so I had to remind them. Heads up: check your order. Next time I'll stick to the rolls...but I'll eat somewhere else first.笑
Pretty good lobster Cajun rolls. The roll was pretty small. More like a snack to me. It comes with potato chips and cole slaw. The lobster bisque bowl was big and good but lacking lobster pieces! Not sure I will come back as its pricy.笑
we wanted a snack since linner really was enough for lunch and dinner...heheh.  while walking through PH, we finally found Lobster ME.  

the lobster is caught in Maine and flown to Canada for deshelling/freezing, then flown to vegas twice a week.  there is currently only one location; however, they will begin to franchise soon.  Lobster ME is due to open in Santa Monica sometime.

i had a discount from the miracle mile coupon book.  buy one large lobster roll and get a 16 oz draft beer free.  the lobster roll that was in the window was an extra large.  it didn't look that big.  so we tried the large lobster roll thinking that we would only get one bite since hubby and i were sharing. 

we were wrong.  there are actually big pieces of lobster tail in the sandwich.  the buttered bread was slightly toasted; lobster was added afterwards.  the lobster was actually not one piece but more like two layers lightly salted and spiced.  you get roughly 1/3 lb of lobster in your large roll.  we enjoyed it very much. 

http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/6Vyp-9i1jzwK_bvisuPJpQ?select=GAo7jQGmJkSkVBQyGX72tA

it was pricey but worth the try.  $16 + tax = 1 large lobster roll + draft beer(which is $4)

also sampled lobster ice cream which i disliked.  tasted like heavy, sweet vanilla ice cream with pieces of lobster mixed in.  i was disappointed that they didn't try to incorporate the lobster taste into the actual ice cream.  felt like they could have tried to infuse flavors.笑
Food was great and presentation was well. The lobster rolls was definitely better than the tacos.笑
Wow! For a counter service mall type venue, I was delighted to find such a tasty lobster mac n cheese.  The prices are indicative of it being a lobster dish, but when you want something fast I am so glad to find alternatives to the traditional fast food joints.  

This is definitely convenient to Miracle Mile shoppers or to Planet Hollywood guests who don't want to walk too far or drive.

Sometime this week I will hit them up for breakfast to try the Lobster and Waffles.

DT笑
I found Lobster Me while wandering through the Miracle Mile shops. A fast food joint that specializes in lobster while in a casino mall in the middle of a desert? Yeah, it seems so weird that I had to try it. I got the lobster bisque in a bread bowl with a side of hash browns. The bisque was a nice creamy texture...but I didn't get too much lobster meat in it. Actually, I don't know that I found any lobster in it. The hash browns were crispy golden deliciousness though.笑
So, after a so-so experience at Serendipity 3 and a walk up and down The Strip, we found ourselves at Planet Hollywood's Miracle Mile shops and there before us was Lobster Me. So, instead of dessert we had one of their lobster rolls and this so delicious. The bun toasted perfectly with the right amount of butter, the lobster excellently prepared and just the right amount stuffed into the bun. and we liked it with the Angry Orchard Hard Cider - what a pairing!! Service was very nice also. Wish there was a So CA location.笑
this place is yummy!  I've been craving a lobster roll ever since moving west from the east coast and the lobster roll here is delicious!

Their lobster mac n cheese is also VERY good. Their cajun garlic fries are soooo good and just the right amount of crispy.  Relatively expensive, but then again, it's Vegas and it's lobster.笑
Lobster Me advertised a deal where you get the lobster melt, you would get a cup of lobster bisque for free! I love freebies! I don't know if Lobster Me was using this promotional deal to get people to try their $12 lobster melt sandwich... but I took the plunge and did just that. My lobster bisque did not have any lobster in it. It was literally just seafood flavor cream soup. My lobster melt and all of the ooey gooey goodness of a melt with maybe an ounce of lobster meat in it. While the melt tasted good, it lacked the meaty lobster the pictures on the menu and website promised. The Lobster Mary, total delicious. You get a whole lobster claw in your bloody mary, but it was a weak drink. Overall, if you want an expensive 2 star quick meal, this is the place. I'd say save your $30 and pay the extra $20 and go to a buffet where you get all you can eat seafood.笑
Last night,  I had a craving for lobster. I came here and the ordered the Connecticut,  lobster bisque and lobster mac n cheese. The bill came up to $35. This is as comparable at to calling McDonald's a steak house. Save your money and craving for a real lobster dinner.笑
This place caught my eye when I was walking through planet Hollywood. This place is right next to Fat Tuesday. Great quick place but fulfilling meal. Would recommend food to anyone that likes lobster or gourmet sandwhiches/fries.笑
Food sucks in general but if u like lobster get the lobsicle four oz tail meat on a stick.  Safest thing to get.笑
Over priced and not worth it. The chowder fries were better than the $19 lobster roll that's for sure. However, the fries hardly had chowder in my opinion. They should be called cheese fries with a drizzle of chowder. Don't let the line fool you. If you're hungry as we were you'll be royally disappointed.笑
Found this small joint ( mostly take out and limited seats) located in the Miracle Mile Shops at Planet Hollywood. They have a small menu but it is unique and flavorful. We had the taco trio - lobster, fish and shrimp - each of them were cooked to perfection, wonderfully prepared and just right for a small bite to eat. We also got crab loaded waffle fries topped with bacon and green onions which was sinful and amazingly delicious ! A Must visit if in the area !笑
This place is pretty good for whats presented as kinda food court fast food.  In any other city in American the price would make the fast food comparison laughed but in Vegas its not bad.  I wish it stayed open later but I dig the idea.  They have a couple of different styles of lobster rolls.  It comes down to what you get it tossed in.  I got the cajun so it was tossed with some cayenne/lawryish type dust and was really good.  I know with seafood the closer to the coast the fresher and all that but as a semi late night snack after gambling, this did the trick.笑
The lobster melt was great and surprisingly cheap! If you are in the area I recommend their lobster roll as well.笑
Great lobster treat inside Planet Hollywood's mall. The grilled lobsicle and lobster roll was our favorite. The lobster mac was decent, but it pales in comparison to their roll and Lobsicle. Staff is friendly and service is quick. Nice stop for a quick treat when you're mid-strip.笑
The lobster rolls are ok, the style is non traditional I'm told, still tastes fine to me. Bread was pretty deliciously seasoned and toasty.  It comes in two sizes, either large or extra large. The rolls are neither. Portions are small, could easily eat two. If you're going to call something large it better be freaking large. If they called it regular and large, I would of felt less ripped off. You're seated in the middle of a mall, so there's some decent people watching, if you're into that. They had some pretty fine females inside the bebe store. Highlight of the meal. 

We ended up going to earl of sandwich immediately after because we were still hungry.笑
So delicious!  They do not skimp on lobster!

What I order each time I go:
-Cajun lobster roll ~$17
-lobster mac and cheese

What my friends like:
-Lobster bisque
-Lobster grilled cheese

What you can pass on:
-lobster ice cream
-the fries, unless you really want fries

Tips:
-Grab a table before ordering! Seating is limited
-It's a food stand located inside the Miracle Mile shops next to Fat Tuesdays
-Be kind to the staff!  They are always friendly and generous with drink refills.笑
Disgustingly overpriced, mediocre quality Lobster rolls.  Maybe Luke's Lobster has spoiled me in NY, but this place just offended me.

If you hate your money,  eat here.

Second star because, at least the lobster tasted fresh.笑
I had dinner here while on a business trip to Vegas. I picked it because I love lobster and a fast casual lobster restaurant sounded perfect after a long day.

I ordered their classic lobster roll, which was $17 including chips and cole slaw. Expensive by New England standards, but hey, it's Vegas and lobsters don't exactly grow on trees around here. :-)

The sandwich was very tasty, albeit a bit on the small side, again by New England standards, but it was adequate for a meal. The lobster was sweet and tender, and there was quite a lot of meat and just the right amount of seasoning. The chips tasted home made, as did the slaw. Service was fast.

I didn't try the lobsicle, which is one of their featured items (think lobster tail on a stick that you dip in butter) but some people sitting next to me ordered one and it looked yummy. Be aware, however, that it's a really little lobster tail...like 2 or 3 ounces tops. 

All in all, Lobster ME delivered a very tasty, above average fast casual meal. Definitely give it a try if you're hankering for lobster and don't want to spend $50++ for it at a fine dining establishment.笑
Lobster ME was a total surprise and I'm glad I was taken here since I was so hungry in Las Vegas!

I told my friend, "I'm hungry." (This is a common scenario...)
He said, "There's Lobster!" 
I said, "WHAT?!!#!@$#@! Take me there now!"

We show up and I'm staring at the menu trying to figure out what to do with my life and what to feed my life with. 

FOOD - 3.5 Stars: With much anticipation, I ended up choosing a lobster roll and lobsicle.

Lobster Roll - I was really excited to get this, but kind of let down. Don't get me wrong, it was still delicious. However, I was had higher expectations. The bread was toasted really well and buttery. The lobster was good, but instead of having pieces of lobsters, it had what I would call shredded lobster. There was plenty of meat, but shredded meat. *sad face*

Lobsicle - This was a surprising item. You have a choice of getting the Lobsicle either grilled or fried in a tempura batter. I decided to get it fried like the healthy person that I am. When I first got it, I was a bit underwhelmed because 4 ounces of lobster looks relatively small. After the first bite, I was like WHOA! It was so damn good and full of flavor! it was crispy on the outside and meaty on the inside. No shredded lobster pieces here. ;) LOL. I'd definitely get this again. Maybe next time I'll get one grilled and one fried so I can enjoy the goodness of both!

SERVICE - 4 Stars: The staff was very friendly and answered all my questions. Yes, I asked a bunch of questions because I wasn't quite sure what to get. I was finally able to narrow it down and place my order. I grabbed a number and waited for my food to be delivered to our table. The worker even brought us some Tabasco when we asked for some. Overall, really great service.

ATMOSPHERE - 3.5 Stars: There's not really enough seating. It's right next to a Fat Tuesday's, which always has a long line. There's only a few tables unless you want to sit at the counter at Lobster ME. So, it's hard to really enjoy your food. My group was lucky enough to swoop in and grab a table.

RECOMMENDATION: Lobster ME was a surprising find here in Las Vegas. I guess I shouldn't be surprised since it is Las Vegas. I will come back and try other items on the menu. I'd think twice about the Lobster Roll though... I'm hooked on the Lobsicle though... like madly in love. So, check them out!笑
Lobster!! Who doesn't love lobster?! This is my second time coming here! 

I have tried the Cajun, old bay, and Maine style. They were all really good! It comes on a toast-like bread. Its super buttery and flavorful. I wish it came on a bigger bread because I felt like I was eating 2 bites of lobster and 1 bite of sandwich. I need that balance....They definitely don't skimp on the lobster since you're paying $19 for each lobster roll. But when you have that lobster craving...$19 is totally worth it! Each lobster roll comes with some cole slaw and some chips. I have also had the fries and clam chowder. I think the lobster roll is good already. The fries and the clam chowder was just a side dish that isn't all that great.

Next time I will definitely try the lobsticle (fried lobster on a stick)笑
Stopped by and gave this place a try. I like lobster so figured I'd like anything this place had for sale. I was wrong. Apparently I"m not a fan of cold lobster on a bread roll. 

The meal was well over 20 dollars for a small cold sandwhich which I actually found barely edible. Some fries and a coke...no refills.

There isn't much room to sit here and the staff could have been friendlier.

I won't be back.笑
Excellent and friendly staff. You can't go wrong with a delicious Connecticut Roll. Located in the Miracle Mile shops in Planet Hollywood.笑
It was a mistake coming to this joint in the miracle mile. The menu looked good, it was a little bit on the pricey side, but I figure it's lobster... 

Ordered the clam chowder soup, felt like it was can soup.... 
Ordered the lobster sub from the menu, but it's very disappointing... it was overpriced for it's small size... with the abundant choices in las vegas, I made the terrible mistake on choosing probably one of the worst "pricey" joint. the food is definitely not worth the price. will not return.. :(笑
Really?  Don't.   Connecticut was cold. Lobster Mac n cheese was not cheesey or flavorful. Bisque was very watered down. Save your money for Red Lobster.....笑
Ahhh the lobsicle !! I spotted this awesome place bc I was staying at the planet Hollywood and thank heavens I was blessed to spot this place ! I was so confused to choose from all the lobster menu but I ended up w the deep fried lobsicle and added the fries and drink for an extra $3.  They also offer free sample of lobster ice cream which I cannot resist. the ice cream wasn't too bad but when I spotted a big chunk of lobster meat in my ice cream I was kind of freaked out lol. so none the less, I threw out the ice cream. my lobsicle was absolutely delicious comes w a slice of lemon and sauce it was heavenly sent. Next time, I wanted to try the lobster spring roll and probably the whole menu! ;)笑
I really wanted to like this place, but it just didn't make the cut. 

First off, where do we eat?! Too many patrons, not enough tables! Second, the wait for the food was probably about 20-30 minutes. Kitchen seemed to be a bit unorganized, as I noticed like 10 or so tickets at the window! Now for the important part, the lobster... We ordered an original lobster roll, lobster mac and lobster grilled cheese. Unfortunately, we weren't really impressed! The lobster roll was inconsistent in flavor. Some bites were pretty good, others were eh. It was also pretty small! (should not be called "large"). The lobster mac was, sad to say... Bland and runny. Couldn't really taste the lobster and it looked like Mac and cheese, but the flavor of the cheese was almost nonexistent. Definitely would like it to be more creamy and rich. Finally, the lobster grilled cheese was actually the best of the three, but was far from phenomenal. The grilled bread was good but was mushy. It didn't have that crisp you expect from a grilled sammy. I told my girl, the best part of my meal was my beer. 

I read an earlier post about this place... It stated "if you don't like your money, eat here." I wanted to find out for myself, but about $40+ poorer, I definitely should have taken that yelper's advice! Don't say we didn't warn you!笑
We stopped here after the Koi Yelp event since we were still a bit hungry. It is located inside of the Miracle Mile shops at Planet Hollywood.  It is an interesting location for a restaurant such as this, but whatever works. It was close to 10pm and I expected a moody employee who was done for the day, but when we got to the counter we got just the opposite. The girl working the counter was very friendly and sweet.; we joked, made small talk about Yelp and she offered some suggestions. Kudos for great service! We opted for the Lobster Bisque and a Lobster Roll to share. The bisque was served in a bread bowl and was nothing short of absolutely delicious. The lobster roll was very good as well - they did not skimp on lobster at all! The price with tip for those two items came to be around $31 which was not bad for the quality and quantity of the food there. but it is still relativley pricey. And of course, can't forget the great service.笑
I'm a big lobster lover, so I was really excited when I came across this place at the Miracle Mile Mall. I ordered the Old Bay Lobster Roll, which came with fries. I also ordered the Lobster Mac and Cheese cause I was curious to see how it tasted.  The lobster roll was good, not great. Kinda small for the price. The Mac and Cheese was also good, but not great. They use the shells for the mac and cheese. But consider the food I got and the price I paid, NOT worth it.  Far too expensive.笑
TINY sandwiches but at the same time they pile on the lobster!  If the roll was of normal size perhaps the amount of lobster meat would look as those they skimped.  Good quality but don't expect to fill up and DO expect to pay a lot.笑
My wife and I were in Las Vegas recently, and I found Lobster Me at the Milennium Shops attached to Planet Hollywood by googling "Best Lobster Roll Las Vegas."  My wife is allergic to lobster, so I don't get a lot of lobster rolls at home.  Not that I could anyway - we live in San Diego, where good lobster rolls are hard to come by.  That's why I googled away - I had some time, and, having spent some time in Northern New England, I love a good lobster roll.  

I tried "The Original 'Maine Style" lobster roll, which the menu describes as "Maine Lobster served with a touch of mayo and lemon and topped with our secret spice blend."  Additionally, the menu notes that "all rolls [are] served on our toasted, New England-style, split-top bun."   Big chilled chunks of lobster meat, perfect claw pieces on top, the mayo, the aroma of butter, the bun itself - it was great and it really hit the spot.

Was this the best lobster roll I'd ever had?  No, but I'm in Las Vegas a lot more often that I'm in Maine, and this roll was exactly what I wanted.  This roll was also powers of ten better than what I can find in my home city.  I'm already looking forward to going back again the next time I'm in town.  Other items on the Lobster Me menu sounded great, including the other varieties of lobster rolls and especially the breakfast options, but I will probably get the classic Maine Style roll next time too.笑
I walked pass here so many times. I'm so disappointed by the quality of food. My clam chowder had so much salt in it that I had to throw away most of it笑
OMG. They serve lobster ice cream here? Why didn't I look at the menu closer? Darn! *face palms* 

My friends and I were heading to Earl of Sandwich and then this place caught our eye. It distracted us enough to get us lost on the way to Earls. =P About 20 minutes later, with our sandwiches in hand, we come to Lobster Me to find something we can share. The menu is of course pricey. This is Vegas and can they ship fresh lobster to the desert?

The menu consists of your classic rolls, soups, fried lobster and even breakfast items. I was tempted to try the lobster waffles. Unfortunately it isn't baked in, but covering the top. I like my sweet and savory combos though. My friends and I decide on the lobster mac and cheese ($9). It comes out, relatively fresh, creamy and definitely very rich. The cheese taste sharp and not too salty. The lobster is lathered on top. And I do find little chunks of lobster spread into the pasta on the bottom. Verdict: okay. I wouldn't have it just by itself because it is way too rich. And I probably wouldn't order it again because I think the ice cream caught my eye. =)

Lobster Me is good to try once, or twice if you really like something. But it's definitely a lot of $$$ if you want to order a lot. Why not just go to a buffet and pay a little more for an unlimited amount of lobster? =P笑
Don't waste your time. Overpriced, under seasoned, undersized. The Mac n cheese was runny. The lobster roll was done in three bites. I know, I know. It's Vegas. I should have known better for a tourist trap.笑
I bought the miso lobster roll and the beltway lobster roll for my parents to try. This was their first ever lobster roll, and it kind of blew their minds! They couldn't stop raving about it and how something like this could exist for so long without them knowing about it. Brought total joy to my heart to see them munching away happily on this. They liked the toasty, but soft in the middle, buttered bread, and the generous amounts of lobster meat in the center. It's not cheap -- about $18 per roll with a side of chips and cole slaw, but honestly you could probably find a lot of places charging this much for a regular sandwich WITHOUT lobster. Will definitely come back here when we take another family trip! Total hit with the fam!笑
All I have to say is... Amazing! My family and I ordered a little bit of everything to sample and share. Lobster Mac and Cheese, Lobster Roll, Lobster and Chips, Lobsicle and yes, even Lobster Ice Cream. Everything was delicious and so different. The atmosphere was simple and cute and the service was great. I would def recommend Lobster ME to anyone!笑
LOBSTER ICECREAM!!!

is the reason i bookmarked this place. i was excited cuz i was staying at planet hollywood. as i did research, reviews were lukewarm. I tried the lobster icecream and it was ok. I'd rather spend my $ at Earls. if ur a lobster freak, it's worth a looksie as they have many items like lobster grilled cheese, with waffles, lobster rolls- which are $22 for the large ones.

vibe of this place is food court笑
This place is overhyped. The lobster Mac and cheese is powdery and flavorless, the lobster roll needs salt and pepper and tastes strongly like rosemary, the lobster bisque is also not creamy enough and lacks that oomph that lobster bisque have. Not worth $10 for bisque and Mac & cheese, each. Also not worth $16 for the roll. The Lobsta Truck in LA is SO much better.... I am extemely disappointed...there weren't really sufficient seats in the area at Planet Hollywood. I gotta say, though, the service was really good and the staff was extra friendly. Two and a half stars. Didn't really do it for me.笑
Yummy...yummy...
This is a counter service location, but they deliver the food to your table. The customer service was absolutely excellent. And the food was so fresh and good. The quality of their food product is great and the price is outstanding. We had a 20% off coupon, you can get the coupon booklet from the Miracle Mile Mall guest services. The Lobster rolls include a side of coleslaw. You can make it a combo with french fries and a drink  or  fries and a beer for an additional price.  I will definitely eat here again... And a again... And again.笑
My friend and I actually accidentally ran into this place after talking about it being in Miracle Mile Shops!

And boy was I glad we found it! 

I'm def a crab type of girl when it comes to shellfish.. but Lobster Me got my friend and I with their Lobster Grilled Cheese and Lobster Mac N Cheese! Both filled with tons of lobster meat and different cheeses! 
As to some dishes you get tired of the cheesiness.. These two, on the other hand, had us finishing every bite -- two cheesy dishes that didn't have the same cheeses and lobster def balanced it out!

Will definitely be back for the other items!笑
We were starving after a day at the pool and wanted something quick and easy. We happened upon Lobster Me under our hotel and decided we both wanted some lobster. I eat gluten free so I was hoping they would have a gluten free option with Lobster. They did in the form of the Lobster Salad. My partner got the lobster mac and cheese. Both were alright but not spectacular. The mac and cheese was oily. The salad had very little lobster for 15$.
and an orange juice for 5$ was not very cheap.
Cashier was very friendly.笑
Decent portion of tasty lobster on a nice buttery roll, I'll be back!笑
I thought it was pretty good! I have the Cajon lobster roll with fires and cold slaw! It had a lot of lobster meat inside and seasoned nicely! I would for sure go back again! I want to try the Connecticut one next! It is pretty expensive, I think a roll, fries, cold slaw and soda came out to $25 bucks but hey, I haven't had one in 6 months! There is also one in the venetian while this is in planet Hollywood!笑
Pretty weak, had lobster roll and lobster bisque...no real meat in soup to speak of.... Shrimp tacos were god lobster roll ok ...ho hum..笑
I walked past this place a few times before trying it and I really regret it.

I thought it was going to be frozen lobster, cooked to hell and not worth the price which is a bit more than what lobster rolls go for in the Northeast.

Yes, I was wrong.

I tried the lobster roll with a drink for a late breakfast on my last day in Vegas.

Man, it was perfect.  Overflowing with claw meat, the buttery goodness from the roll, I instantly regretted not going a size up!

I've been craving another one ever since and this will definitely be on my "go to" list every time I hit Sin City!笑
Lobster rolls in Vegas, who would've thunk it?!? 
I have actually been to this place 2x (I know 1 review for 2 visits = yelp suicide) but sorry it's been lost in my que for a while now..

I digress...

This place is one of the better quick dining options in the Miracle Mile. I hate to call this place fast food but it does Flt the category for a quick lunch.

I have done both the original an Cajun rolls here. My personal favorite is the Cajun. It is just the right amount of spice yin to the sweet lobster meats yang! The original is your basic lobster roll: chilled lobster meat tossed in secret sauce. 

There is a third version on the menu that i am too much of a coward try; it goes by the name of diablo. Call me silly but I want to enjoy the lobster roll and not have it blowtorch my tongue while I'm eating it. 

Lobster rolls are one of my favorite sandwiches but there are not many places in town that do them. So being that said I get my fix here..笑
I had the Connecticut style lobster roll with the chips and coleslaw. I couldn't believe how much lobster was on the roll and the taste was very fresh. I'm still dreaming of the fresh lobster in butter on the toasted bun. The coleslaw and chips were my last concern, but also very good. The price seemed fair for the amount of lobster on the roll.笑
We got sucked in by the photo of a lobster on a stick. My sister loves lobster and had to try it. She said it was incredible. I had the lobster salad. It cost $12 but was more the size if a side salad rather than an entree. Despite that it tasted great. I would recommend this place the next time you are in the area.笑
3 words: Lobster Mac N Cheese. Jesus H. heaven in a bowl for sure. It's a little pricey but it's lobster and it's vegas. A great easy place to get a snack, meal and a drink (where CAN'T you get a drink in vegas?)  It's in the middle of Planet Hollywood Mall so it's a convenient location for where I usually stay (cosmo)笑
Highly over rated, nothing to talk about to your friends. The lobster roll were small for Vegas, the lobster bisque was thick and disgusting, the meat on the roll tasted like imitation lobster. Highly over priced, I can say that I will not be visiting Lobster me any time soon. The service was good enough, average.笑
I spotted this place while buying my big ass drink at Fat Tuesday in the Miracle Mile shopping at Planet Hollywood.  Everything on the menu looked tasty, so I was excited when my friends and I came back the next day to grab food.

I ordered the lobster grilled cheese, expecting a regular grilled cheese with lobster in it.  Instead, I got slightly toasted bread with 1 slice of not melted cheese, and a lobster/cream cheese mix.  I was not impressed.  I did have a taste of the lobster mac and cheese, which was good.  I would get that if I ever end up at this place again, but I wouldn't go out of my way for it. 

Bonus: they give free refills on soda

Tip: get your free sample of lobster ice cream笑
Loved the Lobster on a stick.  Had it grilled, it was amzing. Looking forward to the next time:)  We had a big group there and everyone had something different, and loved it all.  If your in Vegas this is a must eat lunch or snack at!!笑
Being a Lobster fanatic, i just had to try this place during a quick trip to Vegas. I was a bit surprised and disappointed to see that this is more of a fast food type set up. I was expecting and would have preferred a sit down place with actual plates and silverware.  However, this place is definitely a must-try for all lobster lovers! Is the lobster the best quality around? No. However, it's still good and where else can you get lobster waffles, lobster grilled cheese, lobster ice cream, lobster on a stick (list goes on and on...) for a reasonable price? 

This is certainly not a nice dinner place - but for a unique and delicious breakfast and/or lunch and/or late night treat in Vegas, LobsterMe is a GREAT choice! I will be back the next time im in/around Planet  Hollywood.笑
I wanted to dine here on my previous trips as this restaurant is right next door to Fat Tuesday. However, for some reason or the other I never did. Oh well, turns out I was not missing anything. 

So, I ordered 2 different Lobster sandwich's. 
Total with tax came to ~ $21

Pros:
None.

Cons:
Forgettable meal. I did not even taste much Lobster in the sandwich(-1)
2 Sandwich's were not enough. Not filling at all (-1)
Expensive. Probably $2.00-$3.00 more than what I would pay for, even at Vegas. (-1)
Employee yelled my name, and I proceeded to the counter for pick up. At that point, she was too busy counting her tips for the night instead of turning around and handing me the packaged order. Not good. (-1)笑
Decent lobster roll joint in vegas. I would come here anytime I'm in vegas and craving some lobster. I am from the bay area so there are definitely way better lobster rolls out there, but for vegas this place will do. I got the original lobster roll which I thought was pretty good along with the combo of chowder fries, coleslaw and a drink (~$26, for this price I'm not sure it's worth to get the combo unless you really want to try the fries and sandwich), and someone else in my group ordered the grilled cheese w/ Lobster (~$11) which debateably is the better thing to order.笑
Loved every bite of it. This was my first time and despite the negative reviews I truly enjoyed the lobster roll. I ordered Cajun while my hubby wanted to stick to the traditional one and we must say...we finished it in about 5 mins. The fries are okay and the service was great. The cashier Cathy was friendly and attentive even after we received our order. The location is located inside the miracle mile mall next to Fat Tuesday. There's not really an exclusive eating area but we were in and out for a quick bite within 10-15 mins. Looking forward to trying their lobster bisque and lobster mac and cheese. Definitely will be coming again.笑
Five stars because this was my first ever lobster roll so I have nothing to compare to.  I tried the Original Main Style and it was delicious.  Huge chunks of lobster on a toasted roll.  Lobster was amazing.  Came with a side of coleslaw and house made potato chips. Service was friendly and fast.  What more can I say?  I'll be back!笑
The menu looked really appealing and the prices seemed right for they type of food. The macaroni was pretty basic nothing special with a few pieces of diced lobster and the lobster roll was a joke. They should be ashamed the way they keep a smile when they serve you. So if you actually know what good food is i would stay away.笑
Not bad!

Got the Original xl and shared with bf for a snack.  The chunks of lobster were better than I thought.  However, putting it into perspective, it was $24 (if I remember correctly) which is more than the price of a dinner buffet at the M resort.  However, it was a nice snack.  It had a very buttered toasted bun, butter and mayo, with a hint of lemon in it.  Like I mentioned, big chunks of lobster.  I thought the meat would be warm but it was cold.  

If it were cheaper or bigger I'd give it 5 stars.  This is like a lobster roll I would make at home.笑
Let me preface by saying I grew up in Maine, currently live in LA, and am VERY picky about lobster, especially lobster rolls. Is it the best lobster roll in the world as proclaimed on the sign? No, for that you need to literally pull a lobster out of the frigid Maine ocean and cook it immediately. Is it pretty outstanding considering it's in a mall in Vegas? Absolutely. 

I've had the lobster roll and the lobster grilled cheese and both are just wonderful. In my opinion, there's too much lemon and spices on the roll, but otherwise it's perfect-big chunks of lobster tossed in mayonnaise on a hot buttered bun. The lobster grilled cheese is also excellent-hot, steamy lobster in gooey melted cheese between two buttery, toasty slices of white bread. Yum!

Food in Vegas isn't cheap, period, but if you want something relatively inexpensive that is different and not fast-food, I highly suggest you check out Lobster, ME.笑
A few of my friends recommended this place when I was in Vegas last week, and even though we live in Boston where there's AMPLE SEAFOOD everywhere, we decided to give it a try! They have a lot of different things on their menu you can't find in Boston! 
They have a few different styles of lobster rolls, but since I've had a few of those already, I went for the lobster mac and cheese, and Pearl T. got the lobster on a stick grilllled. 

We were a little disappointed at the size of the lobster on a stick. Pretty small for ~$14 but I think it tasted good? 
Lobster mac n cheeze is huuge for $12. A little too cheezy for me, but I liked the amount of lobster on top. Just couldn't finish it with all the oil and cheese at the bottom. I think this is a pretty good deal for the amount of food you get.
I'd LOVE to try the lobster & waffles, but I didn't see it on the menu when we were there! 

We also forgot to try the lobster ice cream, so there must be a next time!
Overall, it was an a-ok experience! I'd come back if other people want to try it, but read the reviews and be selective about your choices!笑
5 stars for sure.  Excellent food and service. Absolutely scrumptious and very good service., especially for fast food.  Super fresh salad and amazing presentation.  Yum yum.笑
I'd been pining for a lobster roll since having one at Mary's Fish Camp in NYC, so it was exciting to see this place open. Around 10:30 at night they still had a line at the register but the staff is very nice and working as fast as they can.
My lobster roll didn't use mayo and celery like Mary's, I think it may have been lemon and celery salt, but it was fresh and there was plenty of meat. He had a lobster BLT and wolfed it down without offering me a bite. The two sandwiches with one very small portion of fries, a water, a soda and a small draft was $50, so it's not cheap for something that wouldn't fill you up if you're really hungry, but it was delicious.笑
It's located in the Planet Hollywood, close to Fat Tuesday! I'm a big lobster fan, and when I stayed at PH I ate here 3 times! My favorites are  the Lobster Roll and Lobster Grilled Cheese. The Lobster Bisque is good, but too salty for me. 

Recommendations:
Lobster Roll
Clam Chowder
Lobster Bisque
Lobster Grilled Cheese笑
It's an ok place to eat. Lobster roll was good, but the bread was too buttery. Also was not worth $16 for such a small sandwich. Nothing beats Luke's Lobster in NYC!!!笑
I was expecting more bang for my buck, but left kind of disappointed. Since I was a first timer, I took up the recommendations of the cashier and got the lobster mac & cheese and lobster Maine-style sandwich with fries to share. Unfortunately, it was alright and did not satisfy my starving belly. 

The lobster mac and cheese definitely needed a lot more lobster and the mac and cheese was too greasy and the cheese was too watery. There weren't even enough macaroni noodles to compensate for the cheese-like soup that was in the bowl. I would not recommend getting it.

The lobster Maine-style sandwich tasted like the ocean...enough said. I did enjoy the fries though! Would I come back? Maybe- but definitely not to get these two dishes.笑
I've eaten here the last 2 times I was in Vegas.  I mean, really--where else can you find lobster on a stick?  I just LOVE the concept! (No bib, no shell cracker, just lobster meat, ready-to-eat!)  It's flavorful and juicy, served up with a nice hot container of melted butter.  I tried the lobster macaroni too. It was pretty good, but should have contained more chunks of lobster.  This is a storefront in the mall. There are a few stools and tables in the mall area. So, expect food court style dining.笑
Having grown up in New England, I know a good lobster roll when I bite into one.  This one harkened me back to Boothbay harbor with a side of mac 'n cheese and a cold brewski.  

At $ 17 for the 4" lobster roll and $ 23 for the 6" roll, this place isn't cheap but it is comfort food at it's near best.  Only thing that could improve is the setting.  You are literally sitting at a table just off the main aisle of the often noisy Miracle Mile Mall that encircles the Planet Hollywood Casino.  Trust me, this is not a picnic table on the coast of Maine.

The rolls are filled generously with only lobster meat - non of those celery or breading fillers...just a touch of butter and mayo to add to the flavor.  You always get the meat from two claws on top every 4" roll and three or more on the 6".  The roll is classic New England - cut on the sides unlike a standard hot dog bun and toasty warm from the grill.  It contrasts nicely with the cold lobster meat.

When in Vegas, Lobster Me will definitely fill the bill and put a smile on your face.笑
Lobster was so fresh! One of the most delicious sandwiches I've ever had! I'd recommend the lobster roll and lobster bisque. Lobster ice cream was so creamy with lobster bits. I'd definitely go back.笑
Of course when in Vegas, always want to try something new. 

This location is inside planet Hollywood right next to Fat Tuesday. 


I got to try the Maine Lobster Roll. Overall it wasn't a bad roll yet I understand why it was priced around $20. It comes with cole slaw and some fried chips. 

Only con was seating. Other than that, it's worth a good bite.笑
Lobster? When do I eat Lobster other than at big Chinese dinners at a restaurant.  In Vegas!!! I came here because I was definitely hungry, wanted something quick , easy to eat, and most importantly something DELICIOUS!. Can you go wrong with Lobster??? Yes of course you can. But for me, I shared the LOBSTER bisque and Mac and Cheese. The Lobster Bisque in the bowl was good. I especially love the bread bowl with it. The bowl was fully edible, soft but crispy. On the other hand the Mac and Cheese was a bit of a disappointment. They totally trick you in the container they put it in! Lift it up and you'll notice that its only half the size of the container!!! WTFF!!! It wasn't even cheesy! The Cheese wasn't melty either and was pretty dry. But I won't complain, I still ate it because macaroni and cheese is still a good combination. I definitely want to try the Rolls next time ;)笑
Let's start with location..located inside the Miracle Mile Shops in PH.  Been to Miracle Mile a bunch of times and never noticed this place.  Got word from Yelp that this was a must try, so I came to try.

Tested and Approved:
-Lobster Roll Original:  Had the XL Lobster Original Roll.  Delicious, but expensive for what you get. But what are you to expect for lobster?  Thick pieces of lobster inside a buttery roll.  Perfect lobster claw to top it off.  This is a must try if it's your first time here.

-Lobster Mac N Cheese:  I actually liked this better than their lobster roll.  Not too cheesy with a perfect blend of lobster pieces. 

-Tator Tots:  Mixes well with the Lobster Mac N Cheese. 

-Lobster Ice Cream:  To be honest, doesn't sound pleasing at all.  But not too bad, I just didn't taste any lobster since the pices are frozen.  

I plan on trying other items on their menu.  Once I do, I'm sure to update my review. 

Cons:
-It can be a hassle to come here.  I don't see myself going out of my way to eat here.  But if I'm in Planet Hollywood, Paris, or the Miracle Mile Shops, then it's on. 

-Seating: Tables are litterally the size of the serving trays.  

-Price:  Lobster Roll, Lobster Mac, and Tator Tots.  Bill came to over $40.  

Pros:
-Lobster!!!  

You have to try at least once then determine if it's for you or not.笑
Loved it!! Lobster mac and cheese was delightful and the lobster roll had chunks of lobster instead of sparse bits.笑
Gimmicky...as far as the "Lobsicle" and bisque. Avoid. The lobsicle was tasty but was tiny..Not worth the $. The bisque was watered down. Ive had better bisque from costco.笑
My friends and I split up looking for a snack. I found lobster me in the mall. It's a cute little shop that does lobster rolls, lobster fish and chips and varietys of other lobster things. I chose the lobster fish and chips with Cajun fries that comes with a complimentary coleslaw. YUMMY IN MY TUMMY. My friends were eating their chilli dogs and watching  me with envy. I devoured my meal. The lobster was tender not overcooked, the fries lightly seasoned to perfection and the coleslaw was sweet and cream just the way I liked it. My only complaint if the portion size was small. I know lobster is expensive but they could give your more fries and more slaw bump it up from 13 to 15. I was still a bit hungry afterwards. I regret not trying their lobster rolls they have hot and cold ones. They look like the real deal and Ronnie told me it's a full lobster in every roll.笑
Stayed at the Elara. Saw this the last time I visited Vegas but was pregnant so couldn't have lobster. So when I came back after baby, I went stir crazy buying lobstericle, lobster sandwich, and lobster mac and cheese, about $45. All of it was great with the right amount of lobster. The sandwhich was like a 4 inch, so kinda small, but really tasty. Was in Vegas for 7 days and only went once. Was a case of been there, done that. Recommend at least once. 4 stars for uniqueness, tasty food, and location. Missing 1 star because pricey for what you get.笑
Not the best lobster rolls, but it was a lobster roll none the less.  It's super expensive (I know, it's because it's on the strip) and it's a decent roll so if you're craving one (like I was at the time) then just go for it.笑
I love lobster!!!!! Lobster roll and lobster mac n cheese are awesome! It's expensive, but locals get 20% off. Oh, and try the garlic fries! Yum!笑
Needed a late snack and friend recommend this place, I'm not a huge fan of lobster but we decided to give it a try. We had an order of lobster Mac & cheese and a lobster roll. The Mac & cheese was great but the lobster roll....oh that lobster roll. Perfection, toasted roll, great lobster a little mayo and seasoning, that's it.  Now my mouth is watering and I won't be back until Oct.笑
Lobster Tacos...hands down amazing; it comes with 2 and I had to get a second helping of it because it was that good! Try it!笑
Always a little wary of these "fast food" places among malls... in this case, among the 'Miracle Mile' of shops at Planet Hollywood. But I knew I wasn't going to have time to visit the Seafood Buffet at the Rio (which is quite good), so grabbed a "Connecticut Lobster Roll" here.

Let me say, it was extremely underwhelming. The lobster seemed -- literally -- like they were scrapping the bottom of the barrel for lobster pieces. And it was dry, not moist & tender as it should be. I probably should be giving this place one star, not two, but am trying to be generous. And the woman who took my order was nice.

But for $17, I expect good tasting lobster. This was just incredibly meh. And I'd swear there were absolutely no pieces of lobster tail in this sandwich, it all seemed to be from the claws and elsewhere (if that's possible). Which leads me to think, this is one of those places that buys the dregs from restaurants that serve lobster tails and have no use for the other parts. I will never eat here again, I promise.笑
The chowder fries were the best fries I've ever had. But the priced where way to high for my budget. I payed 25.00 for a lobster roll, chowder fries and a drink.笑
After passing by this spot numerous times while getting a Fat Tuesday, I finally gave it a shot. 

I ordered the Connecticut. Total came to nearly $18! (But then again it's Vegas) For that price my expectations were somewhat high.

I encountered a pretty long waiting time for ordering and getting my food. The roll was really good! Not salty and doused in butter like I expected and the toasted bread was perfect. The size disappointed me, wasn't even the size of a 6 inch subway sandwich.

Worth my money? 

Not quite. Not enough to fill you up, not mouth-watering enough to make you feel like your money was worth it. With Earl of Sandwich just around the corner I'd rather go there and get an entire meal for less than one sandwich at this spot.

Definitely not a bang for buck spot but if money is not an issue I would come back. 
If I do come back I want to try the Mac N Cheese and lobster on a stick.笑
Eh. I don't see what the fuss is about. It was $22 for a combo--drink, lobster roll, and soup. Lobster bisque was ok, kinda salty. Lobster roll was just a tiny sandwich and had no mayo or any flavor or anything, just lobster. The proportion of meat was good but it did not justify the price and flavor. Wish I'd tried something heartier.笑
The lobster mac and cheese was terrible. I also tried the lobster ice cream which was another terrible idea. Won't come back for anything else. Located inside the Planet Hollywood.笑
Yay, I finally get to cross "Lobster Me" off my list of spots to try on the strip! 

 It's located conveniently next door to Fat Tuesdays, so this could be a good place to grab a bite before those icey dranks.

The Seafarer Lobster Roll (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/lobster-me-las-vegas?select=k8BD5TlnoDu7V5nB5-ra5A#cV_H97p1lnoZOclyl1LJ1g) caught my eye because it had some veggies mixed in with the lobster.  (Lobster and seafood salad with mayo, cucumber, celery and green onion).  I like how the roll is buttered and toasted, but I wish there was more lobster in the roll! I was expecting big chunks of lobster but instead got minced pieces of lobster.  I'll definitely get a bigger roll next and share a few items with some friends. 

Altogether, it was alright-- not sure if i will ever be craving this though.笑
i don't think the english language has a word that adequately describes how ridiculously overpriced the food is. $26 got me a lobster roll about the size of a slice of wonder bread folded in half and fifteen fries. $14 merits unsliced lettuce petals with about 3 oz of lobster on top.

a sign here proclaims that this place has the world's best lobster, which is a big fat lie. they should be ashamed to serve this garbage at a north korean prison camp. overcooked, and overseasoned to cover up the poor flavor.

service is slow and the tables are sticky.

the diet coke tasted okay.

if you are hankering for lobster, do yourself a favor, skip this place and go to red lobster.笑
Good amount of lobster on the roll and the bun was nicely toasted. Definitely a bit on the pricey side though ($17 for a large,$24 xl) which prevented us from ordering about five of them each笑
The lobster & chips was magically delicious.

I'm usually the person to ask for extra butter to drown my lobster in but there was no need here. The lobster was lightly breaded and perfectly tender. It was amazing amazing amazing. I'm kind of a fry snob but I loved the fries also.


Have a feeling I'll be eating here on my birthday because I'm also addicted to lobster.

Eat here!!笑
Lobster ME is a decent mall choice for lunch or dinner, but expect to pay for it.  That being said, it is lobster, which is not a cheap ingredient, and it is the Las Vegas strip, which has fewer and fewer bargains these days.  On my last trip to Lobster ME, I had the Cajun lobster roll with tater tots.  It's a decent size roll (the large) with the requisite buttery split top crust.  But, the lobster was overcooked, it wasn't tough, but it was getting close.  It certainly wasn't succulent, which properly prepared lobster is.  I liked the spice on the roll, and it's stuff full, so the amount is not an issue.

The tater tots are okay, better than say, Sonic, but just okay.  The entire meal is $27, which again, I don't think it's worth.  However, as noted above, I understand that lobster is not cheap and I don't expect to find value in a mall on the Las Vegas strip.  You can certainly do a lot worse if you are looking for a quick meal on the strip, but don't expect to be blown away at Lobster ME.笑
Me and wife popped in on a Friday after work. I got the Old Bay and my wife got the Cajun. Both were really good! The lobster was fresh and we'll seasoned, I was totally shocked cuz in Vegas seafood can be risky. But I would totally recommend this spot to anyone!笑
So i was walking down to the casino and this lobster me caught my eye, so i decided to treat myself before losing all my money gambling. I ordered the large lobster roll, it was really good! Tons of lobster meat on the bottom and 4! lobster claws on top. Just squeeze a little lime on top and dig right in. It was well worth $17 dollars.笑
Convenient location in the Miracle Mile shops, we stayed at Planet Hollywood, the two buildings are connected. They're setup like a food court, to-go window only. 

The cashier was friendly and they have plenty of options. However, considering that it is Vegas, they have a huge price tag for their menu items. Something that cost me $12 here in Austin cost roughly $23 and change at this location. Depending on what kind of budget you head to Vegas with should really answer if you'll be eating here or not. 

The food was great but for the price, you could find a decent sit down restaurant with dedicated seating somewhere else. I'll probably visit again if I'm in Vegas again but that's only because I love lobster and theirs did taste pretty great - the real reason anyone chooses to eat at any restaurant.笑
Overpriced for what it was, the counter service both times were really friendly but my boyfriends lobster Mac and cheese came out cold, not like it was sitting for a while, but cold like it came out of the refrigerator and wasn't microwaved long enough. They apologized and gave a full refund but it was a little disappointing.  My lobster roll was very meaty but definitely not worth the $$.  I'm sure this place will do fine either way though due to the uniqueness/ concept and the location.  I usually try to avoid the strip restaurants for the exact reason of being overpriced for mediocre food but its so convenient if your at the MM shops or PH.  If I'm on property again I'll probably go to Earl of Sandwich instead.笑
I stumbled across this place whilst walking through the Miracle Mile during my vacation last year ... Frozen icy alcoholic beverage in one hand and an empty stomach meant there was no chance I would go past this place without buying something. After a little bit of alcohol, your body always craves something fried and greasy and what better way to sate this craving than to have fried lobster meat and fries ??

Granted this quite an expensive snack, it is still cheap if you're from Australia and used to paying with a pound of flesh when it comes to anything seafood ! I would come back here if I'm passing through Planet Hollywood and in need of a quick snack!笑
I was looking for this and happened to just stumble across it, while waiting in line at Fat Tuesdays. I got the Lobster Grilled cheese and the lobster Mac & Cheese. The Mac & Cheese was awesome!!!  I would definitely go back just for that.. however the grilled cheese was more like shredded lobster salad with too much mayonnaise.... no bueno... I was expecting succulent chunks of lobster and creamy brie or something... oh well, its worth a try!笑
Lobster Me is quality, juicy, succulent lobster in a convenient, mall food court setting. Mouthwatering lobster rolls? You got it. (5 different ways!) my recommendation? Maine. My friends also enjoyed Cajun (not too spicy at all) and Connecticut. 

Excellent service. Perfect niche with a few quality options for lobster lovers, like lobster Mac and cheese and lobster on a stick. Prices a little higher, but it is Vegas, and the quality is worth it. Major cravings for lobster rolls are a regular thing now.笑
Came here for brunch after a nice night out in the city. Have to say the food was great, but not for the price. Bought myself a Lobster Mac and Cheese for $12 and gave the Bloody Mary, spicy, for $5.

Let's start with the Lobster Mac and Cheese, although it was a small portion, it was quite delicious. However, there was not that much lobster and it didn't really add to the food itself. For that price, I was hoping for a much larger portion of food, didn't really quench my appetite.

The Bloody Mary was great, if you're a fan of Bloody Marys. It wasn't a cocktail made from scratch as I expected, but rather made with store-bought Bloody Mary mix. But hey, it was great! Can't complain about that. For $5, that's a reasonably good price. Again, wish there was a larger portion of it.笑
Just a quick observation by someone who does enjoy lobster and also someone who has some difficulty spending $50 on a lunch for two in a food court atmosphere. Yes it's lobster but just consider that the lobster rolls contains claw meat, not the premium tail meat that we are all familiar with and enjoy and the medium sandwich is relatively small and did not meet our expectations, my suggestion, go to Costco and buy a couple nice tails, a couple nice steaks, have a nice meal.笑
It's pricy but overall it is so so delicious ! I got the lobster mac & cheese ( warning : portions are small) . After I was done I decided to get lobsicle and Cajun fries. Cajun fries is delicious but the lobsicle not worth it for $14 bucks. Very small笑
Tried the Cajun Lobster Roll, Lobster Tacos, Lobster Mac & Cheese... My family and I enjoyed all of if! Fresh, good flavor and great service! And while we waited for our food, got ourselves a Fat Tuesday! Woohoo!笑
Staying at a hotel near the Miracle Mile shops-and eating at Lobster Me at least twice during our stay-has always been tradition for me and my friends! Lobster rolls became an addiction for me and it all started at this joint that's always jam packed with a line of people trying to fulfill their drunchies or simply trying to start their day after a long night of unce unce unce-ing.

I have to have a lobster roll (the Conneticut; steamed lobster) with fries and a Coke. It's a little pricey but worth every bite, especially when you have a few drinks in you. I love the toasted bun and the generous serving of lobster you can taste in each bite. There are several options but I enjoy the plain ol' Connecticut lobster roll here so much that I refuse to try anything else. They offer promotions here and there, and during my last stay it was buy a lobster roll, get chowder fries for the free. Best day ever!? Chowder fries.. Just yes. They're melt in your mouth good and they don't skimp out on the chunky goodness.

The service is fast and friendly. Which makes the lines go by quickly. Definitely one of the better options within Miracle Mile if you're ever hunting down something filling.笑
Drunk date with lobster! We stopped at about 10 pm on Sunday night, pretty busy but they were organised and quick. Got the original lobster roll. Amazing. Good crisp chips and smooth coleslaw also! Friends got lobster mac and cheese and it was great! Will definitely be back to stuff my face again!笑
The lobster on a stick is great. Might as well try both grilled and fried. The service has been great every time I have gone. Sometimes they have specials if you check in. Just ask.笑
Lobster butter and a roll. An expensive lunch. But your in Vegas so just go with it.笑
This place was recommended by my boyfriend, and it was the first time that I've been here as well. He order the Cajun style lobster roll, and I got the original lobster roll. The lobster rolls came with a side of coleslaw and house-made chips. For drinks, we ordered a lemonade from here.

I was just want to say the Cajun style is a lot more flavorful than the original. The original was a tad bland. The Coleslaw was really good, I'm not a big fan of coleslaw but this didn't even taste like coleslaw! It just tasted like a regular salad with dressing. Lemonade was really good, you can never really go wrong wth lemonade.

The pricing is pretty expensive for the portion you are given, which was really small in my opinion.笑
The lobster roll was pretty good, but the portion side for the price was a real drag. For two meals: lobster roll, fries and a drink the total was close to $50!! That was shocking! All in all I'm glad I tried it, and I may go back for the lobster grilled cheese.笑
Lobster Ice Cream...say what? Yes I tried it and yes it was good. Sweet ice cream with chunks of lobster.

This place is pretty easy to find, its in the Miracle Mile next to Fat Tuesday.  I think its reasonably priced considering its the strip. We got the mac n' cheese, the grilled cheese, and the shrimp tacos.

The shrimp tacos were not good - too spicy with little pieces of shrimp. Serves me right for eating shrimp at a lobster place. The tacos are the reason I couldn't give it 5 stars.

The mac and the grilled cheese were right on the money. So good. I wanted to lick the mac and cheese container clean but then I'd just look like a pig. =P

The line is hit or miss meaning it could be short or long depending if all the partiers are awake.

Next time we're in Vegas this is one of the places I will be hitting up again.笑
They act like you get a nice meal but you get one piece of lobster and a whole lot of filler. Screw this restaurant and their crappy service.笑
Not as good as expected....bisque was meh...very creamy not strong lobster taste. Tasted like lobster but just not as much as I would've liked. Lobster salad was very small, they should just add more lettuce and veggies, it was more like lobster pieces on bed of lettuce than a salad. Lobster roll was good but lobster pieces were not as large as I saw in photos. Service was slow and not rude but neither efficient nor overly friendly.笑
Tried the lobster bisque, lobster roll & lobster mac & cheese.  Think the bill came to $44. I thought everything was pretty good although the portions aren't the biggest. Would check it out again.笑
Took the family out to check this place out after a good review in a local magazine. I have to say without a doubt this is now one of two reasons for me to hit the strip. The service we got from the staff was pleasant and they answered all of our questions. The wife had the grilled cheese and our soon had the Mac and cheese. As mentioned in previous reviews the Mac and cheese isn't out of a box. It was fresh, hot, and they didn't skimp on the lobster. The grilled cheese was warm and plenty gooey with plenty of lobster as well. I went with the regular size lobster roll combo that included fries and a drink. I most say I was a little surprised at the size of the roll for the price, but the amount of lobster in the salad and the claw meat on top more than made up for it. It was so good that I ordered a second roll. 

For me the only negatives is that you share a common area with the bar next door selling those touristy size drinks in those goofy cups. The music that they had on in that bar wasn't something I wanted to listen to. Also the restrooms are a far away and the distance is off putting for us dining with a younger child who needed to use it.笑
I came here during one of my visits within past 6 months. I decided to bring hubby here since he is a sandwich lover. He fell in love. We came here the next day as well. We love the Beltway much better than regular lobster roll. If you check in on Yelp, there is usually some kind of chowder you get for free. I am just addicted to the cheese lobster fries. It is mandatory included in my order. The mac & cheese was good but doesn't beat the fries. This is definitely a place to stop by for us during our next Vegas visit笑
If you are really hungry and price conscious
this place isn't for you. Way too over priced. Had
lobster and chips, was ok but had 3 small pieces
Of lobsters and a handful of fries which they could have
added more since fries are the least expensive of the ingredients.
If you want softdrink make sure you specify just a little ice or they will
literally fill the cup with ice and refill are $2. One of their staff even 
"agreed" with me that the lobster Mac and cheese tasted a bit bitter
and dry. Instead of saying I'll pass your concern to the chef or the manager, he smiled and stated "I agree" it's like saying we have bad food but we serve it anyways!! Definitely not going back. If I want to spend that money on lunch, I rather go to Red Lobsters..笑
Which sewer are the using to farm raise the lobster they serve? If I could give zero stars I would. I was so excited to find out about a lobster roll place in Las Vegas. Spent $110 to try a few things with family. All the lobster was bland despite the butter and mayo. This is not Maine lobster. Tilapia would have been more flavorful. Order came out wrong and instead of making a fresh Connecticut roll they just poured butter on top of the Maine roll. Disgusting, expensive. I left there feeling nauseous.笑
Crazy fat sandwich stuffed with lobster.  I was drinking at the time so this review could be slightly off.  Also I am not a huge fan of lobster but the people I was with were cause I left for 3 minutes and 80% of my sandwich was gone!  

$20+ for the sandwich so worth a try but since I am not a huge lobster fan, I doubt I will go back.  So many great places to eat in Vegas.笑
A lot of what I liked about this place was the name.  So, well done.

The food varied a fair amount:

- The Diablo - Lobster roll with marinara sauce.  This was pretty good.  The sauce had some kick and it had big, meaty chunks of lobster.  It's very buttery and basically is a sandwich made with garlic bread.

- Lobster Mac n Cheese.  This was okay.  There wasn't much lobster on it, and it was a little bland.

- Lobster Ceviche.  I'm sorry, I thought this was terrible.  The ceviche had no flavor at all; it was thoroughly bland.  I literally tried one little piece and then didn't touch it the rest of the meal.

In the end, it's kind of a fun idea, and is conveniently located by Fat Tuesday's, so it's an easy place to stop for a snack and a frosty beverage if you're wandering through the mall.  But, I would not seek it out on my own.笑
Great idea for lobster. The prices are reasonable considering you are getting lobster. It's downplayed by being in the middle of a noisy mall. The good tasty food, I recommend trying.笑
I LOVE Lobster rolls and these are THE BEST in town . Blows Luke's out of the water . You really get a lot of meaty lobster perfectly cooked and seasoned . For me it's a great deal and an equally great lunch!!笑
3 words OH MY GOD! This was the best place we went to the entire time in Vegas! The lobster Mac and cheese was amazing!! I wanted it the entire time!! This is a must go in Vegas笑
Lobster mac and cheese and lobsters on a stick are delish! I see alot of reviews about the price, dont be surprised, you are eating LOBSTER?! Service was excellent.笑
Hmmm, I wanna love this place, but just doesn't do it for me. I've had their lobster rolls, lobster chowder, and lobster Mac and cheese. 

If you're hungry, expect to still be hungry after one roll. It's literally three bites. Really small. Good enough for a snack, only. Very overpriced for the portion. 

Their chowder tastes just like canned Progresso clam chowder, but with a couple lobster pieces instead of clams. 

The Mac and cheese? Tastes like mushy, horrible made microwave Mac and cheese with some lobster pieces. The lobster is super chewy. My jaw kind of hurt after, from chewing so much. 

Save your money, Go somewhere else. It's an experience I guess, if you've never had it. But don't expect it to be as delicious as Pier 39 quality stuff like in SF.笑
I absolutely love this place! I feel like a kid in a candy store here, but in this case, a Lobster store. Portions are a bit on the small side but the food tastes great! I highly recommend the Lobster Cheese fries as they are absolutely delicious!

The shrimp and lobster tacos are also very tasty and both are served on soft corn tortillas.

If you like soup, their lobster bisque is out of this world. Creamy and rich this soup will have you rolling your eyes in the back of your head.

Lobsicles are really good, both breaded and naked but you might need two of them as they are on the smaller side.笑
Wayyyy overpriced.  I know its vegas, but I just can't justify spending $30 on a mediocre lobster roll.  Yes, they are generous with the amount of lobster inside the roll, but my local lobster roll join is equally as generous at $13 a roll and it tastes much fresher.  hmmm.  I think i'd rather spend that $30 at the slots or on a buffet.笑
"High prices, even high for Vegas."

This couldn't be more on point.  The sandwiches we ordered, The Beltway and the Connecticut, were both roughly $20 each.  Yup, each.  While this isn't totally unheard of (this is a lobster roll right) you usually get a decently sized sammie.  This was more like half a sandwich.  It was tiny! Did it taste good? It was decent.  Toasted bread, lobster and butter, just appetizer sized portions.  

What was even worse were the stupid chips served with the roll.  They were completely stale.  Some tough, some were soggy, but all were downright wrong.  Just give me a freaking bag of Lays already.  At least those would be crispy.  

Service was also a big downer.  The guy at the register was polite, but he kept getting corrected by the rude gal behind him.  The food took forever to come out, even though this was pretty much a pick up, fast food type counter.  There is a decent amount of food court type seating also serving Fat Tuesday, but if it's all taken, you're SOL.  You better be prepared to walk and eat, but then again, the sandwich is so small, you'll be done in about 2 bites anyway.  

Yeah, we won't be back.笑
I am a HUGE seafood lover and I was so happy to have stumbled across this while wandering the Miracle Mile shops at Planet Hollywood. My friend and I split the XLarge Lobster roll combo @ $25 (we substituted the fries for tots) and the Lobster Mac and Cheese @ $9. I was afraid they would be skimpy with the lobster, but there was plenty of it on the two dishes. Yes it can be pricey but it was well worth it. They have a lot of other things on the menu that I would love to try next time I'm in town: Lobster & Waffles, Lobsticle (lol) and maybe even the lobster ice cream! :D Definitely yummy food. I'm a fan!笑
so this is only for the lobsticle!

I saw the sign outside and thought it was pretty creative so i decided to give it a try (i love lobster)

the lobster on a stick (lobsticle) was around 15 bucks plus the taxes, which i think is pretty high but its vegas i guess, 

it took about 10 minutes to get ready and they bring it to your table

it was reallly hot and juicy. It wasnt too chewy or anything and it was fried. fried makes everything taste better....but its lobster, its going to be good regardless, dip it in the butter and add some lemon juice and your going to love it!笑
Lobster in casino shops equal a great snack and tourist stop.

Lobster me is located in the planet hollywood casino million mile mall. A great little shop in one of the center spots. Quick service is always great when entertaining with little ones. Lobster tots n fries is a good value and big portion for two to snack on when walking the "mile". If you have more time order the bisque in a breadbowl or the lobster mac for a good heaping lobster portion. Will be back.笑
Awesome place to stop and have a lobster roll and some bisque for lunch. Food was good and bisque was hot. A little on the pricey side, but it's lobster. I hope one day that Lobster Me is a common as crappy Subway.笑
Really good. My boyfriend has been wanting to go here for awhile now and every time he's in town we run out of time, glad we finally made it because the food is delicious. I had the Connecticut combo and fries, worth the wait.笑
The lobster roll was pretty good but the meat is very cold and a little too seasoned with old bay.  The roll is buttered toast, yum. Skip the grilled cheese, the lobster is so chopped up you can barely taste it.  Cheap beer is a plus.笑
no bueno guys. $19 each for the Connecticut and Beltaway that's small and under seasoned. Gordon Ramsey tells u the biggest offense is lack of seasoning in a dish. please taste before serving clients underwhelming food. and the size is for kids.笑
The "Lobsicle" is ridiculously delicious!  I stumbled across this place while walking through the Shops at Planet Hollywood... A lobster tail on a stick... GENIUS!  I wish I lived closer :)  Very friendly staff and quick service! Can't wait to go back!笑
Ate here the other day with my family as we were walking the mall. Unfortunately we were starving when I decided to overlook prices. $18 for two lobster tacos and I think fish tacos were $12 or $14 with only a few chips. I was hoping to have the best lobster and fish tacos of my life at that price. Well, I was definitely disappointed. Go to Baja Fresh or rubios and get better quality,beans,and rice cheaper. Just way over priced for so so taste.笑
I super love the grilled lobster tail here. It is so flavorful and yummy.  It is $14 without tax for 1 tail and I think it's worth the price. They also have clam chowder which is good too.笑
Who knew you could get great fresh Maine Lobster in Las Vegas without paying tons of money? We ordered the lobster Mac and cheese, and a Connecticut lobster roll meal. We got our number from the young girl who was helpful in assisting us since it was our first time ordering. 
A few minutes later our food arrived. The  man who served it was nice but, you could tell was overwhelmed. The lobster Mac and cheese had huge chunks of lobster on top of what looked like boxed Mac and cheese with toasted bread crumbs thrown on top. It was good for the first two or three bites....after that I ate just the lobster, which was delicious! My husband's lobster roll, well he ordered the Connecticut and received the Original. I took the first bite and noticed it was cold, since both can come cold we didn't think much of it. He thought maybe they mistaking gave him the cold Connecticut. After bite two, he realised it was not the Connecticut but, the Original. By then a line had formed , I was almost done, and he had eaten a 1/3 of the sandwich. So, since it was good also he enjoyed the rest of it! 
Overall the food is good and I think staff just needs to slow down a bit or hire more.笑
Went back to Lobster Me to have the Lobster bisque and was very happy with it. It was rich and creamy and more than I expected from a place in the middle of the miracle mile :-) will definitely be for more when I'm on the strip!笑
Have been craving lobster rolls for such a long time; finally came here today with a friend :) And it was so worth the 30+ minutes drive. My friend got the original; I got the El Diablo rolls with fries, and they were both amazing. The bread was great because it was almost like a garlic toast, and it just made the lobster roll that much better. 

A bit on the pricey side, but considering that it's on the strip, it's actually not too bad. 

And locals get a 20% off!! :D I deducted one star because even though my friend's also from Vegas, she didn't get the discount... we think the cashier might be new.笑
Great little place in Planet Hollywood Miracle Mile Shops! The original Maine style lobster roll is heavenly. Lots of lobster and not smothered in mayonnaise. The coleslaw and house made potato chips are very good too. Glad I tried them.笑
I was expected more from this place. We had seen signs all over Vegas for the Lobsicle (fried lobster tail in a stick), and finally decided to try it out when we were in the Miracle Miles shops. Ordered a Lobsicle, Lobster Bisque, and Cajun fries. Fries were good, as was the bisque (not a whole lots of flavor though), Lobsicle was meh.... For $14 you get about 2-3 bites. Not much seating here - they do have about 4 spots along the bar, and food court style seating nearby.笑
Lobster.... on a stick!!  Two please. Tastes great, costs much. Well at least I think so. $ 14 isnt alot to pay for a 4oz lobster  tail, especially in Vegas. However, one won't fill you up. Maybe not even two. The fish tacos are awesome as well. Service is friendly and they wernt too busy.笑
I was excited to try this... and quite disappointed to say the least. 
False advertisement of saying that this place had the "best" lobster rolls. I should of known... self-compliment is never good. Lobster Me, you are far from being the best, so stop saying you are! 

My friend and I got the Maine Lobster Roll and the Cajun Lobster Roll. Split it so we could taste both flavors. Unanimous decision that the Cajun tasted better since it was more flavorful.

Everything about the roll was just meh to okay. Also, the rolls were really greasy, enough to be cringe worthy. I hate the feeling of excess grease on my finger tips, gahhh. I took a gamble and I guess I lost --this place is not worthy of your dollars my friend, on to the next.笑
Located inside of a miracle mile shops connected to Planet Hollywood.  I tried their lobster mac and cheese for $12.  I have to say it had chunks of lobster (it better for $12) and mac and cheese flavor was pleasantly good.  One star down as I thought it was way too cheesy!笑
always a refreshing and quick bite everytime in Vegas!! convenient location! and delicious lobster entrees!  It can be a a bit pricey considering it is 'fast food', but come on...still really good price for lobster!!!笑
I only tried the lobster Mac and cheese and garlic Cajun fries and it was pretty bomb! Will come again to try the other stuff :)笑
Such a hidden gem! The last bite was mostly all bread for me, other than the uneven spreading out of the lobster through out the bun.. It was delicious! And worth the $. There's also a deal to make it a meal (fries and a drink) for $4 more.. It was yummy笑
What kind of lobster joint doesn't have lobster bisque. I used to work in the miracle mile and had that back when this place had that soup, I no longer work in the miracle mile anymore so I went out of my way as a local to go back to have it and it wasn't on the menu anymore so I got the lobster Mac n cheese and it was disgusting. I'm disappointed and will never eat there again. 10/10 would not recommend.笑
Overpriced? Yeah...but it was good and most of Vegas is overpriced. 

Recommend

Bucket of import beers
Cajun season fries笑
had the lobster n chips it was okay....  really overpriced.  $14.05 for four pieces of nuggets n fries.  its jus tempura covered lobster n fries  nothing too fancy.笑
This was okay for a lobster roll. It was a little bland for me. I Ordered the Cajun roll. And it was the best out of the rest.笑
The cajun lobster sandwich was tasty, a bit on the pricey side for the $17 portion (but then again, don't expect to get value anywhere in a Vegas hotel based establishment).

HOWEVER, my major issue was sanitation training.  Shortly after receiving my order,  which granted is the not so busy time of day at 3pm. The back kitchen preparer came out front and started tossing around some plastic thing, and dropping it several times on the floor, and his hands with food prep gloves subsequently touched the floor,  he also touched his face and back of head a few times, while going back and then preparing someone elses order.  I think management needs to retrain the employees here on food handling & sanitation safety.笑
I wanted to try this place because I wanted to try my first lobster roll. I wanted to go it so I can enjoy alone with my Pina Colada. The prices are definitely expensive, and I personally didn't think it was worth it. When I got the bag, the box was sideways. So the sauces and the roll was a mess. I was pretty irritated but ate it. It was alright, nothing to rave about. Would definitely suggest to eat it there, if the prices don't phase you.笑
Lobster mac and cheese was so cold .  19 dollars for some shells with cheese wiz ???
Not good! Obiusly was empty!. Avoid!  I thought that they were good after seeing the reviews ,I had much better lobster mac and cheese at the plane on my way to vegas... oh lord...笑
The Cajun lobster roll is sooooo good!笑
Ok so the CT lobster roll turned out to be pretty good, but we sure waited ages for it. Probably better for how starved we were! They forgot to give us a number with our order, we asked them, they said it wouldn't be a problem, they'd call our name. So we watched them like hawks. Then when the huge group of drunk guys who'd come in after us got their food, we asked and they produced said roll, saying they'd called our name several times. Trust me, I was watching and they never called a name. Food was tasty but the fried lobster thing isn't worth it at all - it tasted like old oil in the fryer at the end of the day. If you're dying for lobster, check it out, but not the best service.笑
This is my newfound love in Vegas (besides the buffets of course). Located in PH next to Fat Tuesdays, this place has everything lobster possible! Of course it's pricey, but what do you expect for lobster..

I've had the lobster grilled cheese, lobster mac n' cheese, cajun fries, and garlic fries. I've always wanted to try the lobster roll, but I don't think it's worth the price for a little sandwich. Everything I've tried is delicious and makes great drunchie food too ;) The cajun fries have a kick to it, but are flavorful! I'd get everything again in a heartbeat. I'll be back for you soon enough lobstaaa!笑
Ordered a lobster grilled cheese is was ok... lobster mac & cheese with overly cooked (& probably rinsed) pasta with no cheese. Cole slaw was drier than ever tasted like it was just cabbage  never again waste of money笑
Firstly I would like to start out by apologizing to the lobsters that have died an unworthy death in vain for this place. The lobster meat here just does NO justice at all. God where do I start? The meat is dry and tastes like it has been frozen for months, and i dont mean the good frozen with Idina Menzel, the only thing this place "let go" of is their quality.. And for their stingy portions, I would rather get better quality at a fine dining restaurant for cheaper. We ordered the Connecticut lobster roll which was $17 and 5" long.. Roll was dry and stale, not buttery fluffy or light like it should be. Soup was average and served cold instead of warm not like it was supposed to be, and the bread bowl?...yes you guessed it, stale and hard! I understand escalation for being near the strip but $17 for 5" of trash given in worse portions than the meals handed out during the holocaust is just cold.. Sorry, was that joke in bad taste? Not as bad taste as lobsterme. This was the most expensive lobster roll and at the same time the worst I ever had, I'm heart broken at this. Dont be fooled by the yelp pictures, most are a year or older before portions were $6 for costco free sample sizes (literally that is the equivalency if you size it down). I wish i could give 0 stars.. RIP lobsters who died in vain for lobsterme, may heaven grant you a better roll with fresh ingredients to rest upon..笑
Stopped here for convenience since it was close to my hotel and on the way back. Ordered the lobster fish and chips, which came pretty fast and was a quick option. At 13 bucks...it's also not too bad of a price, especially for lobster! 

Being in Vegas, I wouldn't expect good lobster/seafood at all due to the fact that the place is in the middle of the dessert, HOURS away from places to catch fish and fresh seafood. This lobster was pretty bomb though and there were pretty decently sized chunks of meat within the fried pieces of lobster. 

The main thing I disliked was the location. You basically eat out on the tables in the middle of the walkways in miracle mile and there was no secluded seating area strictly for the restaurant.笑
Stopped here before Britney Spears show and had the lobster Mac and cheese and the Maine lobster roll.

The Mac and cheese is phenomenol.   The roll had a few mealy pieces of lobster but overall very good and generous portion.

We are excited they are opening a spot in San Francisco!笑
So good. My first experience with a lobster grilled cheese and it was amazing. Will be going back for sure next time I'm in Vegas笑
Came here last week for a late dinner. Ordered a lobster roll, lobsicle, and bisque. Cost quite a bit more than I was expecting for a food court style shop. But hey, it's lobster.

The lobster is definitely legit. You get decent sized portions considering it is lobster. The lobsicle which I got grilled looked tiny for $14 USD. But again, it's lobster, and relatively speaking it was a relatively decent size of meat. I guess I was a little deceived after seeing a picture of it on their menu. Nevertheless it was quite delicious.

The roll was not bad and had decent chunks of lobster meat. But I felt it was eerily similar to the lobster roll I get at the local hockey area for half the price.   

The soup I could have done without. 

Unless you absolutely craving lobster at some exact moment you walk by this place in Vegas, I personally would probably eat elsewhere.笑
Nice location right in the Miracle Mile Shops near Planet Hollywood. Honestly, I was expected mall food court type food, but the lobster roll was quite delicious and succulent. I was surprised. The bread was toasty and the roll had healthy chunks of lobster. The sauce was light, yet creamy enough to bring it home. Great place to take a break from shopping or for an afternoon snack. Yummy!笑
I've been wanting to try this spot and I finally did. We ordered the Beltway lobster roll with clam chowder fries for around $22. When we were given our food we were pretty disappointed in the size of the lobster roll and the presentation of the fries for the price. But.... Both tasted was amazing! The bread was toasted and buttery plus the lobster and its fixings were flavorful. The fries were crispy and a perfectly smothered in clam chowder, bacon, and diced tomatoes. I gave it 4 stars because of the portion size and the lack of presentation with the fries but I would definitely spend the money for it again.笑
Good lobster roll but it's EXPENSIVE! My fiancé and I decided to share everything so make sure you get the large roll. It comes with a side of fries and a drink, but we also got the mac-n-cheese and clam chowder. All of which was over $40!!! 

We couldn't finish it all, it's heavy in the stomach! Ohhhh, FYI: one thing that sucks is you have to fight for a spot to sit at cause it's in the middle of the miracle mile and they don't have enough tables and chairs for all their customers.笑
Had the cajun roll.  The flavor was delicious but I have to give it three stars due to the value.  Yes, I know lobster is expensive but... $25 for a small sandwich, fries and a drink was too much for me to want to come back.  Definitely glad to have a taste though and if you don't mind shelling out the funds!笑
Warning up front, if you haven't had a real lobster roll in Maine, you will NOT understand the value of these rolls.  You will probably think they are too expensive and not filling. 

Now for those of us who have pulled our cars over in Maine and ordered a lobster roll from the many roadside eateries, we will understand how WONDERFUL it is to find one that is so spot on and in Western US.  Let alone in the desert.  LOL

The first and foremost thing you need for one of these rolls is the bread.  I promise you, you will not find it out here.  You have to bring it in from the East Coast.  Then you need Maine lobster and Lobster ME has it ALL.  If only I could smell the Atlantic I would have been transported back to beautiful Maine and all the lovely ways they know to prepare lobster.

I have had the traditional roll and the bacon lobster roll, both were excellent.  To be honest I was not crazy about the lobster mac n cheese, but as I have said in other reviews, I make THE best lobster mac n cheese so I am biased.  Having said that, no lobster mac n cheese was left in the dish.

Lobster ME will also give you the option of having your lobster heated up before being placed on your roll.  I prefer mine cold, but if you do not like cold protein go ahead and have them heat it up for you.

Now grab a beer and savor your sandwich.  I know I will every time I'm in Vegas.

NOTE:  There is free valet parking in the garage, all you have to do is tip them.  So getting in and out of here is a breeze and won't cost you much.笑
The crab roll is better than the lobster roll.  The lobster doesn't taste fresh at all.  Overall, disappointing.  Ate here twice in one week as I was staying at Planet Hollywood for work and LobsterMe was a short and convenient walk. After an underwhelming experience on Day One, I figured I'd give it another try later in the week.  I ordered the crab roll the 2nd time around and it was "okay."  At least it didn't taste like old seafood.  The one thing I did enjoy from here was the fries. So, they've got that working in their favor, right?

Also, employees are nice so that counts for something.笑
Wanted a quick bite to eat, so stopped by for a lobster roll. Seeing numerous places have these just decided to try it since it was next to Fat Tuesday. Ordered the Cajun Lobster roll. Came with fries. The lobster roll itself came with lobster meat, with cajun mayo and spices. It was better than expected, very good for the first lobster roll I had ever had. But Still just giving it 3 stars, since the price was so high. Not sure if it was because of the lobster, but still expensive to me for a quick bite, roughly $20 for my combo. Try it if you have never had it before though, really good! :)笑
I thought this 24 hour restuarant was a pretty good idea to have here considering there is nothing else like it here on the strip that i can think of...

its located in the shopping mall of Planet Hollywood right next to the place where you get those big tall drinks and on the way to Earl of Sandwich! lol So you can get this as an appetizer on the way there like we did! lolol

I ordered the small lobster roll for 16.00. I thought it was a little expensive but then soon realized that we were in the middle of the dessert which is why its a few more dollars. The roll was warm, and lightly toasted. What kind of puzzled me was that the lobster was cold. I automatically assumed it was going to be warm and drenched with butter. i was not dissappointed just a little surprised by the combination of the warm roll and cold lobster. Nonetheless, it was good especially if you are a seafood lover like me.  Big chunks of lobster cold or warm will always make me happy!!!笑
Good place for Lobster Lovers. I personally really like lobster but I feel this place could be a bit better with certain dishes. I had the lobsicle, lobster mac and cheese, lobster bisque, Conneticut lobster roll and some tea. The Mac and cheese needed more lobster and cheese as the shells were left dry. The roll was good. The lobsicle's batter coulda used more flavor. All in all not too bad笑
I don't know anything about the other items but avoid the lobster cheese fries! They don't give you a lot for $14. The fries were disappointing, the lobsters were disappointing and even the presentation was disappointed. I immediately regretted this. just trust me don't try this!笑
Excellent lobster for a reasonable price!  We ordered the lobsicle (fried lobster in a tempura batter), lobster mac and cheese, and fries...worth every bite!  One star off for being in a location next to Fat Tuesday, a little hard to eat in their dining area with a long line for margaritas next to you.  Also, the lobsicle would have been great if there was more meat on it or perhaps 2 skewers, looked kinda small in my to go box.  However you like it, lobster you and Lobster ME!笑
Waited 30 minutes for our food.  People were irate.  Manager was in over his head.  Lady there was trying to hold it all together by herself. One star because food was good but never again.笑
This was my favorite thing in Vegas! Until they raped my bread bowl away from my lobster bisque?!?! What is going with their menu? I'm from San Francisco: the land of how to do bread bowls right and I came here to get one, only to be told"no"?!?! Like this comment if you want your bread bowl back!!!!

Against my better judgement I returned to this sad excuse for what used to be a great place. Sadly their lobster grilled cheese used to be delicious! The new menu fails continue to reach new lows. I guess there is some tyrannical bitch in control of ruining all the food in Vegas that I loved. Her name is Sonya. The grilled cheese now has shitty cheese (I suspect Swiss?!?!) and some freeze dried chives instead of the old Gruyere that made it gourmet and good. Now it barely has any lobster (three bites MAX) and I think some frozen red pepper bullshit. Campbell's soup has better ingredients than this SHIT!笑
Food is great I had the clam chowder soup and the lobster sliders and it was wonderful 
Def recommending this place笑
My sister took me here to eat after we watched the Britney Concert. We both had a breaded bowl of clam chowder and we shared a grilled cheese. The clam chowder was delish tasted fresh and did grilled cheese was good too! Yum Served fast as well.笑
Delicious! My mom and I came for lunch and ordered the trio of lobster tacos and the lobster texmex salad. The tacos had large chunks of salad over a bed of cabbage with some sort of mayo based sauce. They were good. I didn't eat the corn tortillas but they looked like decent store bought tortillas. The salad was good! The salad had romaine lettuce, black beans, corn, jack cheese, bacon and avocado. It also came with a yummy green dressing that I also used on my tacos. I would definitely return.笑
Awful awful awful service!! They were getting almost everyone's order wrong. I waited 30 min for a lobster roll order they couldn't find? What make it again I have the receipt! It's a Wednesday afternoon get your act together. I wish I spent $17 anywhere else.笑
Lobster Me, please!

I go here every time I'm in Vegas, which is once or twice a year. I can never decide between  the lobster grilled cheese (yum) and my fave - lobster mac&cheese (deeeeelish!), but the mac&cheese always prevails. I've had a sampling of their lobster ice cream and lobster bisque, which I wasn't feeling. Next time, I'd like to try their lobster roll (but for $22 - yikes!). Definitely a great place for lobstah lovers.笑
I can't say I am the lobster roll expert, but this lobster roll was a tasty two bites that did not disappoint. I shared it with a friend and I had two bites. It is small...very small. I've had lobster rolls before and this was on the smaller side. The bread was buttered and greasy and the lobster was buttery. Who wouldn't enjoy that? $17 for a roll. 

The lobster Mac and cheese wasn't my favorite. The cheese had a fake taste like instant Mac and cheese type taste. $12

I'm guessing if you're on the strip and drunk willing to blow some money or you just happen to be there and you were hungry, you would probably enjoy your meal. I wouldn't go out of my way to come here again.笑
I love trying weird foods.

The very mention of such an opportunity will make me pop up like a meerkat, alertly demanding to know the "Whats" and "Wheres" of such a possibility.  Mind you, I'm not going to eat anything like sour cream and onion flavored crickets (which are quite horrifyingly real, and I saw a pack of some this week), but I'm pretty open.

Cue Lobster Me.

I love seafood quite a bit, and have been wanting to try this for months, but I started normally with their lobster bisque.  Served in a bread bowl, and chock full of yummy lobster meat, I devoured it, and quickly.  It was quite good.

Then came the "weird".  Lobster ice cream.  I know.  Fish and ice cream.  It doesn't sound like it would be a good combo.  But it was actually very sweet with just a hint of a salty aftertaste.  And there are decently sized chunks of lobster in the ice cream, but they aren't "fishy" or overwhelming in flavor.

Meal selections seem to be about $8-10 an item, so select a choice or two and go (sharing works, too).  I want to try their lobster mac 'n' cheese next, and a few other menu choices.

Not a regular dining selection, but a returnable venue for me.  The concept may not work for everyone, but I had fun trying something that made more than a few friends raise their eyebrows at me.笑
This place ROCKS! I normally only get lobster if I'm out for a fancy meal. This was such a treat  to just get to eat fresh, delicious lobster in a fast casual setting. I've eaten here twice now. First time I had Lobster Grilled Cheese,this was very rich oof! But good of course. Chowder fries were OUT OF THIS WORLD good! 2nd time I had the Lobsticle and lobster cheese fries. I dont know which one was better. Melt in your mouth!!! Of course, this place is not cheap because this is REAL lobster but who cares. DELICIOUS!!!笑
Discovering this place was the gem of our trip!  My friend and I were in Vegas for 2 days and she ate there 3 times and I ate there with her twice.  The lobster bloody marys were really good, and strong!  And the sandwiches were fabulous, full of lobster meat and so flavorful!  And for what you get I thought the prices were very reasonable.  The homemade potato chips and cole slaw were really good too!笑
I'll give myself one more day to chuckle at the idea of lobster ice-cream. Who said only the Japanese were innovative with their desserts? (e.g. shrimp/tofu ice-cream) My mom and I happened to be walking along the Miracle Mile Shops when she saw a big sign that said 'Lobster ice-cream, free samples' so I went up to the cashier and asked for some to which she handed me a spoonful. Not bad, I say. I was expecting something bland and downright icky but surprisingly, it was pretty flavorful. The ice-cream could've passed off as vanilla, then there were the strings of lobster meat that came with it. Was a fun try. If only an order wasn't fixed to $8 and they had sizes, it would've been great company for a walk under the sun.笑
I see why this place has mostly 3 stars. I ordered the Connecticut roll. It was a small sandwich with a lot of meat. But it was just lobster on bread. Not the buttery taste that I was looking for. I also feel like the price is Steep for what you get. I also tried the lobster chowder which was very watery. The Cajun roll was spicy but ok. Definitely not somewhere that I have to come back to.笑
First of all I'm from Chicago. You'll understand later. The Lobster log is excellent. But the same sandwich in Chicago cost about $5 less and is twice the size. Here in Vagas I had to keep telling myself I'm on vacation. The low rating is only due to the size of the sandwich.笑
I still love this place but it looks like the price increased and they took the option of a large lobster roll. Cajun fries are also a dollar more now. We usually come twice the weekend we go to Vegas but we're probably going to have to cut down now.笑
I have been trying to get to this place my last three trips to Vegas. I finally made it but I only had time to try the lobsicle. It was delicious - cooked perfect and served with warm butter.笑
I had the lobster grilled cheese sandwich. It was pretty good, but it would be better if they spread the cheese and lobster out to the edges of the sandwich too. Towards the center of the sandwich it felt too cheesy. Even it out please! Clam chowder fries were delicious! Yum!笑
I dream of the Lobsticle. Sounds gross, looks expensive, but if you LOVE lobster, and HATE cracking it open and digging it out, it's literally a RESTAURANT grade lobster piece you can just stick in your mouth. I thought for sure it'd be a junky grade seafood, but it was AMAZING. The lobster mac n cheese will surely make you die early from the oil and cholesterol but it was quiet tasty I must say.笑
This was my 4th time stopping at Lobster ME to see if they had any lobster ice cream and to my complete amazement, they did have some.  They were not out as they were the last three times.  I am persistent if nothing else.

Since the place opened, I've been intrigued by the idea of lobster ice cream so I had to give it a try.  There is one serving size, a dish with vanilla ice cream with mixed in lobster pieces and a larger frozen piece of lobster as a topper.

The ice cream was not very creamy.  It had a crumbly texture.  The lobster flavor was not evident until it warmed a bit--they opened a new 5 gallon container--so it was quite frozen.  Now and then, you get a piece of lobster that has a salty taste.  

In the end, I rate this as just OK.  It's certainly worth a try once.  The prices here are high with the lobster ice cream being just under $10 including tax.  That's a lot of froyo at other places around town.  Considering that the cheapest lobster sandwich is $17, this is the least expensive lobster treat at this place.

There are some round tables and I was able to people watch--one of my favorite hobbies on a Saturday night in Las Vegas.  The number of people buying their frozen yard and 1/2 yard drinks was funny.

I'm sure I won't be back.  This was a one time try.  I'm just glad I was there once when they weren't out.笑
Pretty darn good for a food court meal. Be warned, it's expensive! I mean, lobster is expensive (somewhat) so of course it's going to be pricey when it's prepared for you. We ordered the lobster bisque, served in a bread bowl, and the diablo lobster sandwich. The total was $30!!! WOW, for a SMALL sandwich and soup, that's freakin expensive (at least in my opinion). BUT, the bisque was very tasty (could have had more lobster though) and the sandwich was very tasty as well. For a food court meal, this is pretty damn good, except for a food court meal, very pricey!!!!笑
We ordered lobster mac & cheese and the frenchy sandwich which totals $31 something with one drink. When you looked up their menu it is pretty pricey already and I could only say maybe because of the lobster that they're adding onto it. But, oh boy!!  nothing is so special about it. There's only 3 pieces of lobster in my macaroni and it was just plain boring. The frenchy sandwich with lobster is also boring...it just seems so typical kind of sandwich that we can make in our kitchen that we can just add lobster into it. The funny part was the fries tasted better than the sandwich.笑
Got the lobster bisque and tator tots. The tots were outstanding and even though I'm not really a lobster fan the bisque was quite tasty. Good value for the price.笑
Our favorite "Cheat Meal!" Lobster Me is the ultimate in decadent "junk food". It's worth every single delicious calorie. We have also always had great service.笑
The classic lobster roll will set you back 17 dollars. There is no claw meat on the top as the photos show. I'm a big fan of lobster rolls and have had my share. The best is still at the Lobster Roll (Lunch) out in Amagansett, NY. Here the toasted roll is just barely brushed with mayo, there's some Old Bay seasoning and the lobster. The lobster itself was good, not great.They serve it with cole slaw on the side which it added to the roll. It needed something more with some crunch and the cole slaw helped. They really need to punch up their lobster roll, it's pretty bland. Fries were very good and the chowder was also good. It's going to set you back some bucks, but it was just ok.笑
The lobster cheese fries are exceptionally savory and flavorful. They are doused in a lobster-sherry-cheddar cheese mixture and topped with large nuggets of fresh lobster meat. 

The lobster mac 'n' cheese was also very tasty; a simple shell pasta with a white-cheddar cheese base, covered in chunks of lobster.笑
Meh, I was disappointed. My husbands roll was ok. Expensive for what it was, but he said it was quite tasty. My lobster grilled cheese had very few pieces of lobster. I actually could not taste anything except cheese so I looked inside. This is ridiculous and not what they show on their own photos. I should have told a manager who was nearby asking customers how much they were enjoying their food, but I did not feel like arguing, I just wanted to leave at that point.笑
wow what a little gem hidden in the mall. I do wish the lobster meat was served warm but it was still alot of meat and tasted fabulous. After a late night of drinking and dancing this will fix you right up!笑
Got the crab with sriracha roll $14 and Maine lobster roll $23 combos. They were both so good! The crab was more favorite probably because they gave a lot of crab. And the lobster was in chunks but overall both were pretty good! Won't be disappointed笑
Loved the concept of a lobster grilled cheese. Had bacon, lobster chunks, choice, cheese sauce and bread (of course!) accompanied with a soda and old bay fries. Food seemed okay.. noting special. Rate right up there with my homemade grilled cheeses. Actually I think my bacon and spinach grilled cheese is better. Anyway, I won't be back for this but maybe next time I will order the lobster fries since the fries were delicious .笑
First time having Lobster Me was in April of 2016 while staying at PH. Indulged in the Lobster Bloody Mary two days in a row. Sure it's a little pricey but it was worth it. They were strong (they use Smirnoff, though) and tasty and the woman working there gave us both large claws each time. 

Was just there with a bigger group that I dragged along. We wanted the Bloody Mary's (obviously) and figured we would give the food a try. In total we ordered the lobster mac and cheese, lobster roll, and chicken fingers and fries (I know but I wasn't in a Lobster mood). The mac and cheese was tasty but a small portion for the price and the lobster roll same thing. The chicken fingers were gross but the fries were good. I asked for ranch when I ordered but they didn't give it to me so I asked again for it and she told me it was a $1.50! Ok..... so she brings it to me and my change (they charge tax so it was $1.63) and it was a tiny cup of bland ranch. Really??? Seems stupid but that totally turned me off. 

Also, I guess they are told to make the bloody Mary's weak now because we watched her pour less than a shot in it. If I wrote this in April I would have given 4/5 stars but the ranch and the weak expensive Bloody Mary annoyed me.笑
Lobster Mac and Cheese. It's cheesy, it has lobster bits in it. Some tasty stuff. It's pretty much in the food court at the mall in the Planet Hollywood but it was good. I wouldn't go for the other stuff. It's either a gimmick or not that good. This was a nice little snack right next to Fat Tuesday.笑
Honestly- 

I tried this place last year and haven't shut up about it since.  Was in Vegas last weekend for my birthday and, not gonna lie, totally ate here twice within 24 hours, haha.

I was saving the lobster mac and cheese for my actual birthday, but I had to eat something the night before and since I was staying at the Elara (which is attached) I thought, "Well, I can have the lobster grilled cheese instead, so it's totally not cheating." The lady serving was super nice and we chatted for a couple of minutes, then my order was ready so I grabbed the container and headed up to my room to get ready for Chippendales (if you haven't been, GO.)

I sprawl all of my crap all over my room and jump up on the bed and open the container- IT WAS LOBSTER EFFING MAC AND CHEESE BY MISTAKE.

Best. Mistake. Ever. I wasn't even mad- trust.

I inhaled it. And then I went back and got it again the next day on my actual birthday and inhaled it all over again.  No regrets.

It's a little bit pricey - $13 or $14+ per entre, but DAMN, I'm still thinking about it. None of the others I have tried have even compared, honestly.

Thank you thank you thank you.笑
Ordered the lobster maine roll and you get large chunks of lobster meat.  Very tasty and definitely worth the price.  Unlimited drink refills.  Service was friendly and prompt.笑
A lobster on a stick...probably the best thing I ate while in Vegas for in my short time there. 

At first I was hesitant to pay almost $10 for a lobster tail, but it was so worth it. It was a little bigger than a Twinkie and deep fried. It came with a side of butter and a slice of lemon. As soon as I bit into it, I was in heaven. The lobster was so juicy and moist! I would eat a dozen more if I could afford it! 

When I visit Vegas again, i'll be sure to return and get another heaven on a stick!

P.s...don't eat it while in the car. The butter can get a bit messy.笑
The food was. . .ok, could have used a little more seasoning. This place is also pretty pricey but that's what comes along with eating seafood on the Strip ($18 for a lobster BLT). The staff is really nice though!笑
The lobster grilled cheese made me want to "smack my mama," as we'd say in the South.   The Lobster Ice Cream was...interesting, but I think it's a "love it or hate it" scenario and the people who were with me loved it.  The lobster roll was also really delicious.  I wish I lived in Las Vegas so I could eat here all the time.  Actually, maybe it's for the best that I don't.笑
Try the lobster salad ! Yummy! It's pretty centrally located in the middle of all the shopping.  It is also beside Fat Tuesdays so you can have your margarita while eating your lobster meal.  I also tried the lobster and chips & it was pretty good.  The lobsicle looked a little small for the price do I didn't think it was worth it.笑
Lobster Lovers Rejoice!

I stopped to refuel here while shopping at the Miracle Mile Shops. I was drawn in by the allure of the "lobsicle", a piece of deep fried lobster on a stick. I sampled the Manhattan lobster roll - a toasted bun heaped with top quality lobster and butter. This is now officially the best sandwich I have had in my life. The lobscile was good as a novelty. There is little seating. This place was so tasty it would warrant an entire restaurant location. We also tried the "wicked lemonade" which was a grown up lemonade cocktail with a scoop of frozen lemonade in it. It was like a hard lemonade float. What happens in Vegas...right!?笑
Located in the Miracle Mile Shops, this lobster joint is a nice stop for some casual lobster dining. We got the Cajun Lobster Roll sandwich (Medium size $17/Large $23), Original Maine Lobster Roll, Lobster Mac n cheese, & Cajun fries with fountain drinks (all w/free refills). 
All filled with chunks of lobster and the flavor was good. The lobster mac n cheese was just ok. Excellent, friendly, and attentive service from all the staff!笑
Have to say, this was a surprise find.  Located inside the Miracle Mile Shops at Planet Hollywood... 

Counter service concept with all things lobster...  wasn't sure it would deliver - but I have to say the lobster roll I split today with a co-worker (yes, it's easy enough to hit up for lunch if you work at UNLV) was absolutely terrific.

Buttery toasted bun, fresh lobster, lots of claw meat, celery salt.  

It's a winnah.笑
We had to go back for more!  Lobster roll and lobcicle were awesome!!  Bisque was meh.  Grilled cheese was okay.   But the roll and lobster tail on a stick were definitely what to order!  We only tried the Connecticut roll.笑
We had the lobster grilled cheese. It wasn't 100% lobster and the guy was honest when we ordered it. They filled it with crab also. But it was still delicious with the bacon inside. I'd go again.笑
Lobstahhh!

The lobster roll is served with hunks of chilled buttered lobster tail meat tucked in the roll and whole claw meat atop the roll. The roll is toasted and also buttered but I prefer a more denser roll than the soft one served here. Overall, if you're willing to shell out some cash, hopefully you've been lucky at the casinos, the roll is definitely worth the money for pure lobster decadence. Fries are just mehhhhh, so maybe the tots are better.

If you're trying to take it easy on the pocket, there's also lobster mac-n-cheese, shrimp tacos, lobster grilled cheese sandwich, and ceviche.

Service is friendly and there's some seating right in front of the Lobster Me window/stand. A bonus that Fat Tuesday is literally 5 steps away from Lobster Me.笑
I missed my chance to try Lobster Me at the Grand Canal Shoppes (Venetian) on my last Vegas trip, but was given another opportunity at the Miracle Mile Shops (Planet Hollywood).

I ordered the batter fried Lobsicle- lobster tail on a stick ($14). When it came out, I was disappointed by how small it was. Lobster is expensive, but still. Aside from that, I enjoyed it. It was lightly battered and tender. I also tried my friend's Cajun lobster roll. It was small and bland. I wouldn't come here again, but am glad I tried them.笑
I really like the idea of good lobster at a reasonable price. The staff is friendly and are ready to help make suggestions. The lobster and fries was good and clam chowder was nice and hot!笑
What a fun eatery! And I heard it's a chain, how I wish they'd expand over! It was fun discovering all the creative lobster items and although we only settled for classics (lobster roll and lobster salad), they were both good! I especially enjoyed the homemade chips accompanying the sandwich. 

The only turn-off was the fact that they'd charge for water! And be prepared to wait a little for your food. The place looks like a fast food counter but everything seems to be made to order. With patience comes good food!笑
Lobster Me was awesome! The first time we came we got fish and chips and a lobster grilled cheese. I was unimpressed with both, but they totally redeemed themselves this time with the Lobster rolls! So yummy! My husband and I got two lobster rolls and split them. (We were a little hungover so we couldn't eat that much anyway, haha) We got the Connecticut style and the Beltway. Both were good, but the Beltway was definitely my favorite! It just wasn't as plain as the Connecticut, although if you squeeze the lemon they give you on the Connecticut, it's a lot better. The Beltway had old bay seasoning, mayo and toasted breadcrumbs, and it was served warm. Delicious! The bun was toasted perfectly and there was plenty of lobster meat inside. We will definitely be back! Thanks Lobster Me笑
Give very small portion of food, definitely not enough to fill me up! Pricey and not many tables to sit, but good thing the food was good. Recommend the lobster and fries, or the lobster tacos!笑
We ordered the lobster roll. It was delicious. The toasted bread is flavorful. Cole slaw was meh, not good or bad. I am not a slaw eater so can't tell either way. It wasn't soggy or overwhelming. The fries were delicious. I didn't even use ketchup. It's fried golden crisp and had a nice flavor of salt and other ingredients. There are chunks of lobster in there. The sandwich is kind of small for what they are charging. Maybe they can make he roll bigger and add some other filler in it like zucchini or something. It's $21 for the sandwich so it's not cheap when Chipotle is $7.50 for their bowl. Soda will run you a couple bucks but they have free refills. They are busy so you have to wait for them.

I think they should just place it in the front counter and let customers help themselves.

Service is friendly. They bring the food and drink to you even. It's 5 foot away so we could just as well do it ourselves really. The better half was waiting for their food truck last year and they never came. Unfortunately, I was with her that time and we ended up ordering some other trucks meh sandwich.

I managed to snap some pics of the menu if you want to see pricing. There's a locals discount too btw. But I would not come back just to eat here again. The strip is busy and it's a bit pricey.笑
I went here because a friend of mine posted some pics on Facebook and I wanted to check it out. This location is located inside the Planet Hollywood. We went on a friday night which was probably a bad idea. The place was pretty packed. We actually didn't have any place to sit when we first put in our order. We got lucky though and snagged two tables later on. Just so everyone is aware this place has very little seating. What is frustrating is you'll see one person sitting at a table not even eating and the only thing you're thinking about is where the fuck am I gonna eat this lol. I gave two stars for the food which isn't bad. I ordered the lobster and chips and I got the lobsicle. I didnt return the food because I was so hungry I just ate it. I was pretty disappointed that they screwed up my order. They don't give you many french fries so if you order anything with fries they really skimp on them. I ate my meal and I was still hungry. Luckily my sister inlaw gave me some of her lobster mac and cheese which was just ok. This place isn't cheap. The meal's dont come with drinks. I ordered a Sprite and they charged me $3.00 plus tax and it was a small cup. It's not a bad place if you happen to be at Planet Hollywood and you want to get your Lobster on but I would'nt make a special trip. One more thing, they're suppose to give you a 20% locals discount but this location didn't do that. I think it's fucking bullshit because I know they honor this at the other location at the Venetian.笑
3.5 stars.

Pros:
1. The Beltway! $17 Warm Maine lobster tossed with Old Bay spice, shallots & chives, served in a toasted brioche bun, topped with butter-toasted panko crumbs. 
2. Each sandwich roll comes with a side of homemade potato chips and cole slaw. Not bad for $17. 
3. Big chunks of lobster meat.

Cons:
1 The Connecticut. $17 Warm lobster meat tossed in melted butter. - No FLAVOR!  Had to ask for a side of drawn butter to liven it up!
2. Lightly burnt the bun on the Connecticut. Poor form! Boo!!!!

Verdict:  I'd return again to try the Cajun!笑
Oh man. I should've gotten the all you can eat but instead I chose the lobster and chips. 

It was kinda sad when I got the meal because there was barely anything. But what can I say? It IS lobster.  The lobster kind of had an overlooked feel to it because it felt a little rubbery. All in all, it wasn't too bad but I wouldn't get it again. 

The person taking my order was awesome, nice, and welcoming. 

This was definitely a nice experience on my trip.笑
Some of the most quality food I've had in Vegas or otherwise! Every dish here is prime dining with excellent quality and amount of lobster meat! I dream of the day I come back.笑
Ordered the lobster mac and cheese and was very disappointed. The pasta was tasteless and starchy, and the lobster part was a joke. They included a few sad pieces of the very tip of a lobster claw, the part you usually don't eat when you get a whole lobster. On top of that the portion was small.

Waste of money.笑
I guess I should have walked away when it seemed that everyghing I wanted to oreder was gone, but I decided to take a chance and ask the cashier what he would recommend. He directed me to the Lobster Roll, and albeit it being ok, It was sooo tiny I could not even enjoy it, an for $17 I would not recommend it to anybody笑
A great option if you're hungry as long as the line isn't too long.

I just wish they had more seats to enjoy their food. 

Their lobster poor boys are damn good. 

If you're happen to be staying at Planet Hollywood or Paris, I'd suggest just taking your food to go.笑
Ok it wasn't great but it wasn't all bad either. I had the Connecticut roll with Cajun fries. The roll itself I have definitely had better, it was lacking that warm buttery flavor. The good thing is that it was stuffed with plenty of lobster. The Cajun fries were pretty good. Customer service was great, nice and friendly and very helpful. I might give them another chance and maybe try Mac and cheese or grilled cheese next time I'm in Vegas, maybe they can redeem themselves.笑
My first lobster roll was at this location. I ate one of their rich and buttery sandwiches and I was hooked. They left me on a quest to discover other places that may be serving these decadent sandwiches.

About a pound of lobster goes into each roll and yes, the prices can be daunting for some. A meal is easily $45+ for 2, but it's so worth it IMO. 

Look out for coupons if you are staying in surrounding hotels or coupon books u can pick up at the Miracle Miles guest services.  The venetian location had a 20 or 25% off a sandwich and the coupon at Miracle miles included a 16 oz beer with the purchase of a lobster roll ;)笑
Sooooooooooo freakin delicious!! One star away from 5 bc of the price. Pretty expensive. But it is Vegas and it is lobster. So I say it's absolutely worth it! 

P.S. I was sober eating this. :)笑
It's 10AM on a Friday morning and you're already drunk. SInce my friends decided to get Fat Tuesdays, we also decided to get this next door.

Prices are really expensive though but it was really good. Everything had lobster in it in some way. I got the tater tots for 2-3.50 while others had lobster mac and cheese for 9.50. 

It only tastes good if you're drunk. I wouldn't have ordered anything here if I was sober.笑
I loved my Lobster roll! It was just perfect! The roll was nice and buttery, the lobster was fresh and tasty, served at just the right temperature, and the fries were to die for. The customer service was excellent. The gal even have us directions to our next destination.

While it's a bit pricey, it's lobster for crying out loud. I highly recommend it! You will love it!!笑
Best food in my life. When I tried one of the lobster rolls occasional style I believe but anywho it was so amazing the bun was buttered so good. The server was very sweet her name was Stephanie anywho it is so worth $20 for sure. I am definitely coming back again.笑
Lobster roll was terrific.lobster bisque came in a bread bowl and was delicious. ..all kinds of kobster dishes that u could think of here.everyone we saw looked good.笑
Wow, I expected so much more from this place......but it was very disappointing.

Let's just say everything that's not lobster there is good. I'm giving this place 2 stars because of their clam chowder. Everything else with lobster doesn't taste right. It's overpriced too!笑
I'll echo what someone previously mentioned: Underwhelming flavor and definitely overpriced for the quality, even by Vegas standards. To make things worse, I waited 45 minutes for my order--even those who were in line behind me received their food before me. This Lobster ME branch is located inside Planet Hollywood's Miracle Mile Shops.

$19 for a Cajun Lobster Roll. Here's my issue: Most of the lobster meat was dry, and tasted as if it was merely re-hydrated. Second, it's underwhelming because the "cajun" flavor was nothing more than an excessive amount of cayenne, paprika, and/or pepper. There's nothing that stands out. The bun was okay, and the house-made salt and vinegar chips were crispy.

The employees, who were probably a bit flustered from the longer than expected line, ended up giving my order to someone named "Sarah," yet continued to call her name out for her actual order until I finally walked up and told them that I still didn't have mine after 30 minutes. Oh, yeah--I waited another 15 minutes for them to re-make my sandwich. In the end, the cashier apologized, and offered to throw in an extra lobster roll for free, but I kindly declined. It wasn't his fault, but my advice to them is to double-check the orders. My lobster roll sucked, but hopefully those of you reading this have a better experience than I did.笑
The Cajun lobster roll was great. Lots of lobster and the bread was  excellent. Get the garlic fries with it. Very good too.笑
Come here for.. Of course the lobster rolls. Everything else is ok. They give you a generous amount of lobster meat. Pretty pricy, but it's lobster! I've tried the Maine and Connecticut I liked those the best. It's Simple; a little mayo, melted butter, special seasonings, and a squeeze of lemon. The truffle roll is good, but the truffle aioli overpowers all that lobster goodness. Lobster grilled cheese had too much cream cheese. The soups here are ok, doesn't really taste fresh, but it comes with a bread bowl and its the cheapest thing here ($7), they have clam chowder and lobster bisque. Place gets pretty pack and there are only a few tables so get it to go.笑
I love lobster rolls and this place had such great reviews I had to try it.  It was pricey, but lobster is expensive, so I didn't mind as long as it was good quality.  The first bite was great, but upon subsequent bites, I bit down on shell twice.  No one wants to crunch on a shell when trying to enjoy lunch.  Would not return.笑
Got the lobsicle. Paid 15 bucks and its smaller than my hand (im 5 feet and asian so thats saying something). Taste was horrible too. So disappointed!笑
Another 5 star from Vegas. You can find this about halfway through the Miracle Mile shops. I tried the lobster tacos and the lobster grilled cheese and booth were so good im still thinking about them a week later! Only wish I had tried the lobster cheese fries too but one can only eat so much...yah know!

Some on here complained on the freshness well im here to say...Cmon now dont expect the freshest lobser you ever had at restaurant in the middle of the desert...a restaurant in the middle of the desert in the middle of a mall mind you =)  Next time im all over that lobster roll.

Another plus is the Fat Tuesday rite next door!笑
The food was good.  However, the portion sizes are extremely small.  I was expecting a real roll but was given a miniature 3.5" roll for $19.  Do not waste your money making it a combo either.  It wasn't worth the money!!!!笑
I liked it!  I have eaten Lobster rolls from a truck and this place charged a bit more but this sandwich was waay bigger.  I got the one for $17.  Not cheap.  So if you are a cheap bastard this place is not for you.  It was a good snack for me though.  I am not the expert with lobster rolls, but this one made me happy.  It tasted fresh, and lots of flavor.  It is perfect to snack on before your show so that you can get your occasional nourishment between your alcohol binging.笑
Kind of slow service, no refills and it's not near as good as Luke's Lobster down the strip. The lobster was a bit chewy & it lacked enough mayo to bring the flavored together on the Maine style lobster roll. Plus when you get the fries & drink combo only expect like 15 fries. Not bad for lobster in a Nevada, but there is better for the same price in Vegas.笑
If your brand has Lobster in its restaurant name, then the lobster better be the best of the best. Unfortunately, this is not the case at Lobster ME. 

This location is located in the Miracle Mile area of the Planet Hollywood shops. Seating is limited, so make sure you grab a spot if you see one

The lobster roll here left much to be desired. For $18, you get a 3-4 inch bread roll stuffed with lobster. For one, I was expecting the bread to have a nice toast to it because it appeared to look that way. The semi soggy texture of the bread already killed it from the first bite. Maybe it was left sitting for awhile. Who knows... Although the lobster chunks were good in size, the lobster itself was bland. 

If you are a lobster lover and have high expectations, fulfill your lobster craving elsewhere. You may be disappointed here as my husband and I were...笑
Make sure you check your order because they messed mine up. And because of that our plans for the night didn't happen because we had to wait for our food. Thanks a lot to the wonderful people of this establishment to ruin the only night we had in Vegas that was planned out ahead of time.笑
A generic as it sounds, I really love me some lobster! When I saw Lobster Me pop up on the Yelp app on my phone, I was plotting all of the ways to come eat here. I didn't manage it until the last meal of my trip, which wasn't a bad way to end a nice getaway. 

As generic as it sounds, I really love me some bisque. (Omg deja vu!) I ordered the bisque in a bread bowl. I wish that they had toasted the top of the bread with some butter, but that's my wishful thinking. Cold bread, thick generic tasting bisque, no lobster in sight. Sadface. I would suggest you skip this. I wouldn't have known what I was eating if I had not ordered it off the menu myself. 

The lobster roll was pretty satisfying. I liked the spice blend, and with a bit of added salt, the sandwich was quite tasty. I also wished that there was a ton of melted butter to pour over the top for maximum consumption value, but alas, you don't always get what you want.笑
Lobster Me Yes!!! I Love it. 1st visit - XL Cajun Roll , Fries and a Drink. The Cajun roll was Devine.Stuffed Full Of Lobster and Packed full of Flavor.

2nd visit - Lobster Mac and Cheese , Lobster Bisque in a Sourdough Bowl., 2 Lobsticles.

Lobster Mac and Cheese good but could use more Lobster meat. Lobster Bisque yummy Yes .Lobsticles Heavenly - Lobster Tail on a Popsicle stick deep fried with a butter dipping sauce. Yummy.

I'm a Fan wish we had one locally.笑
Given the few options to eat a lobster roll in town, I'd say if you're absolutely craving one and would do just about almost anything to get our hands on a juicy succulent tasty lobster roll come to this place.

I tried out the lobster roll, lobster and chips and lobster mac n cheese.

The roll itself was freakin perfect, bread was toasted just right and they gave a decent amount of lobster with it.

The lobster and chips were pretty good and I recommend it if you want something fried and greasy.

My least favorite had to be the mac n cheese.  Maybe I'm biased since I'm not a big mac n cheese fan but they didn't load it up with lobster at all.  After about 2 bites I was basically just eating plain mac n cheese from the kraft box.

Overall, if you're a foodie, YOU WILL COME HERE.  If not i guess you can skip out if you don't feel like spending a pretty penny.笑
The roll is like a Texas toast it's not very big. There is not a lot of lobster for the price you pay.笑
The lobster is good. Everything  else is just okay and the portions are pretty small. You'll still be hungry afterwards and it isn't cheap. I expected more for the money.笑
5 stars all day long. Brandon is a great chef. The band I run plays Planet H 4 to 5 days a week. I eat here every night we play on our first break, and have been doing so since Nov, 2011. Being from Northern Cali and a Bay Area junkie. There simply is no better lobster in LV for the money. I first met Lucile and developed "The Ray Jon Special" with her. Though she's on day shift now, the name stuck and it's an off menu recipe for the night shift. No bread, no butter, just spices, homemade cocktail sauce, and Lemon. 
The entire staff is great. Always very clean. 
Because they offer a wide variety of lobster fare, you'll want to go more than once to try everything. Unless your a creature of habit like me.笑
Perfection!!!! Extraordinary!!! Words cannot adequately describe how delicious and flavorful the food is and how spectacular the service was. The entire experience was amazing! 

I live in California and my mother lives in Las Vegas. I wanted to arrange to have a nice lobster dinner delivered to my mother for Mother's Day. Earlier in the week, I sent an email to Lobster Me to inquire about the options and obtain some recommendations. Kevin, the general manager was quick to respond and over the course of several days, he answered all of my numerous questions and made some excellent recommendations. I ordered the following:

Lobster Roll - Connecticut Style
Lobsicle - Grilled
Lobster Mac & Cheese
Chowder
Shrimp Cocktail
Old Bay Fries

When I attempted to have the order delivered using the Postmates app, I encountered a problem. I was in panic mode and I immediately contacted Kevin. Not only did Kevin resolve the issue but he truly went above and beyond to personally make this delivery happen. The level of service that I received from Kevin was absolutely outstanding. He treated me like a Vegas VIP!!!

After my mother devoured her lobster meal she called me and she was so incredibly happy that she was almost speechless. She is a major foodie and she has impeccable taste and a very discerning palate. She told me the lobster roll was not only the most delicious lobster she has ever had, she further stated that it was one of the top two dishes she has had in her entire life!!! She said if there is food in heaven, the Lobster Me lobster roll would be there. My mom also loved the lobster mac and cheese and the seafood bacon chowder! She was too full to try the shrimp or the fries, however she indicated they looked very, very good. 

Bottom line: The quality and flavor of the food was exceptional and the only thing better than the food was the outstanding level of service that Kevin provided. I have the highest praise you, Kevin. Thank you for making Mother's Day so special for my mom! You are awesome!!!笑
Unexpected to see a lobster place in Las Vegas. 

I never thought I would actually want soup in the ridiculous heat but with the help of casino air conditioning.... Soup seems the most logical choice.  I loved their lobster bisque and the sourdough roll was so excellent because it was toasted!

I still don't know why the wait for lobster bisque is forever though. 

Also got their lobster mac and cheese and the meat is so sweet and good. 

I probably should add... I never really had lobster before. Either that, or I have it so infrequently that I forget the taste, but I thought this was pretty good.笑
Whomever thought up the Lobsicle should be given an award for best use of a lobster tail ever. Fried lobster tail on a stick. Awesome. The lobster was tender, the breading was crispy but not over done. It was served with a lemon wedge and a small container of melted butter. Simply amazing.笑
totally the worst lobster ever. i saw the ad where you can get a lobster sandwich combo for $20, so i went to try it out. 

when i ordered and was waiting for my food (which i spent like $50$), the employee there (who took my order) was giving out coupons (i think) to everyone except me and another customer. i spent more money than all the customer there, and i dont get one. 

well i know some you just wants to know about the food. so here goes.

when i got my food, the lobster was so cold, it was like they froze the lobster before serving it. the fries over was ok, nothing special. the bisque was good and cremy, but need the lobster piece to be bigger. 

if you're a lobster restaurant, you got to impress me with big pieces of lobster笑
There is really no other word to explain this place, it's AMAZING! I always get the lobster fries and lobster grilled cheese and its like heaven! It's very flavorful! I was hesitant upon trying, now I make it a point to go after a few drinks from Fat Tuesday next door! Even the staff are nice and fast! You are missing out if you dont try!笑
This is a hidden gem.... SERIOUSLY!!! EVERYTHING HERE IS GREAT. Super fresh and fast. I love the lobster fries!!!  You must try this place while in Vegas. They are in planet Hollywood and the Venetian.笑
Mehhh. I do like that they were generous with the lobster portions but the dressing in the salad was way too bitter. I think there might've been too much lemon. It ruined the glory of the lobster! The lobster roll tasted good but you can't lose with hella butter & toasted bread. A big star deduction is due to the long ass wait. There wasn't even anyone in line before us!笑
I have to admit, I was pleasantly surprised. I'be never been a huge fan of lobster, but I thought what the heck? What not? My bf and I shared a large original Maine lobster sandwich. I think the size has to do with the the about of lobster, because the bun was small, but lobster was overflowing! It was a super delish sandwich. We also got a side of their Cajun garlic fries. They were a little spicy for me, but still good. Refills on soda until 11pm. The whole meal cost is 30 bucks. That seems to be the average for food here.笑
Came for the first time for international lobster day today and it will be the last. Quality was not necessarily bad but cashier was slow and not paying attention. I ordered a roll plus soup and drink. When she asked my order, I said, Cajun with bisque and Dr pepper. I had to repeat myself 3 times and it wasn't because I wasn't clear or loud enough. Not to mention that only 2 customers in front of me took an agonizingly long time to stand in line while people are weaving in and out around me. Annoying and then to have the cashier not even able to take an order. Then the roll was only about 3 bites. Half of it was bread. For $25, I could've sat down at a restaurant. Soda had so much ice that a few long sips and it was gone. Soup is advertised being in a bread bowl but upon getting my soup, I asked and the girl said they changed the menu just today. Lucky me. Not really. Quality was ok but portion ratio to price was ridiculous and added that employees are not the brightest bulb on the tree, will not be back.

I also found out that being a local, I'm supposed to get 20% off plus I checked in and I'm supposed to get free combo upgrade. I believe that's what the hold up was with the guy in front. They didn't know how to use the yelp coupon which seems to me to be an easy cop out because so many places do the same thing. 

Ugh...nothing worse than being over charged for poor service and small portions.笑
I liked the food, but as others pointed out I really didn't get the lobster taste I was looking for. I really was going for hefty chunks of lobster in my sandwich melt. I would say it was a very good grilled cheese sandwich! It's located in the middle of the Miracle Mile Shops and is more of a food court type of establishment. The service was good but what really kind of confused me is that all the condiments are kept behind the counter. I was like, can I have some ketchup, can I have a napkin, and can you refill my water? I got up like 5 times for my requests. When I finished my sandwich I wasn't sure what to do with my trash. Do I bring back or put it in the little trash can? They eventually came and picked it up for me. I sought this place out and with parking and the walk; I probably walked off the calories I ate. Lol.. Is it a fine dining experience?  No!  Good value for what you get? Pretty close. Would I come again? I suppose if happened to be walking by. Definitely not worth the hunting I did to seek them out, so I'm going with a mid-grade review. Thanks for taking the time to read this.笑
Expensive, but good. I had the lobster roll. I've had better, but this was pretty good. But $14 for a lobster roll???笑
Yes, it's lobster.  Yes, it's Vegas. Yes, things are going to be overpriced.  Then at least have better service, man.

I was super annoyed bc the place was literally empty--no customers. The guy working the front was chit chatting with his friend. Sees me waiting, keeps chit chatting.  WOW.  It was long enough that I was contemplating if I should just leave.  

ANYWAY.

Got the Old Bay lobster roll and the lobster bloody.  A-OK.  Got more bread than loster in the roll and the chips were stale.  The lobster bloody was really good. Of course they had the lobster claw as garnish (that's how they justify the hefty price tag) and I did have someone stop me as I was walking through the mall asking about it.  It had good spice and was pretty good sized.  I tried a bit of my boyfriend's chowder--really good.

This has always been a spot that I've walked by and thought--I really need to try this place out--and I finally have.  I probably won't ever buy the lobster bloody again (it was good for the gram, though!), but I will def try other things on the menu.   Eyeing that lobster mac n cheese or grilled chZ.  Not sure.  Til next time.笑
Great food, lobster is real and loaded.  The lobster roll is delicious!  Not great seating just right outside the restaurant.  It felt like you were sitting at a childs table.  Very low and uncomfortable.  The service is so  - so.
I will come back just for the lobster roll.  Hope Management is reading this to change the bad seating.  This maybe a downfall for this tiny little restaurant.笑
I really enjoyed my food at Lobster Me. The only complaint is you will be hungry after you eat the small lobster roll uhg!笑
LOVE this place! The lobster was bomb dot com! I had the Connecticut which was amazing; my kids had a lobsicle and the Cajun. The Connecticut and the Cajun is a lobster sandwich which we found tasty. The Cajun was seasoned but not spicy. Definitely a different take on lobster fast food lol
Now my hubby  did NOT like his fish and chips. He said it was more like fish strips cause it was chewy, tough and not what you think of as fish n chips. Def not worth the $16. Upon our leaving, the cashier asked him how he liked his food, he was honest and she gave us our money back for his food. The rest of us LOVED our food!笑
A nice little find in the back of planet Hollywood. Great lobster options for when you just want to grab and go and not worry about a long dinner.笑
Very, very pricey for this place but the food is aright. Ordered the Cajun style but didn't taste very Cajun to me. I was able to finish this myself and I'm rarely do. Ordered as a combo so it comes with fries and a drink (free refills). I was still hungry that I even was able to finish up the yard long fat Tuesday's next door. Also ordered the Mac and cheese which my kids finished up quickly. I'm guessing it passed the Mac and cheese test and was up to their standards. It was ok for a first time try but I highly doubt I will return.笑
I went to Florida for the first time this year and fell in love with Lobster rolls. When I heard that Lobster Me claimed to have the best Lobster roll in the world, I immediately knew I had to try it. 

I was accompanied by four other people on my first visit and we each ordered something different off the menu--The lobster roll, lobster bisque, lobsicle, and lobster ice cream. The lobster roll was good, I love how they put huge pieces of lobster meat in it, but it wasn't "the best in the world." The lobster bisque was average. The lobsicle was small considering the price, but then again it IS lobster. The lobster ice cream was surprisingly not bad, but I have absolutely nothing to compare it to. 

I'd say it's a place you have got to try at least once to be a true judge.笑
I want to give them 5 stars but it's just not there yet..... Need to add some pizazz 
It's good but not A-mazing
Maybe a bit more dressing, sprinkle some green onions in there, some salt n peppa
Something..... ? Overall good, but world's best? Bold statement, as I have had the best in cali at the lobster shack, redwood city to be exact.  But I'd say for vegas, do try it.  I sampled the bisque which was tasty, the chowda was good, better than your average. I had a lobsta shooter, bloody Mary mix, celery, onions, cilantro, it was tasty! U can add vodka too! 
Next time gonna try the seafood cocktail and the lobsta grilled cheese!!!!!

C ya笑
The place was a real treat. They had so many interesting choices on the menu. I had the Cajun roll. Lobster was well cooked and the bread was tasty as well. The lady was even nice to offer another refill on my lemonade when she saw mine was all finished.笑
After an Elite event at Koi hubby and I were hungry so we stopped by lobster me for a bite. We ordered a large Maine lobster roll and some lobster bisque. Both were delicious. The lobster was tender and meaty and tasted really fresh! The sourdough bread bowl full of bisque was awesome. Scraping the sides with each bite made me happy. Pro tip: if you're a local you get 20% off!!! I was almost going to get their special. It was chowder fries. French fries topped with cheese sauce, bacon, clam chowder, and parsley. It sounded great, maybe next time :) the lobsicle looked delish too!! Think corn dog but with a lobster tail and thinner batter. We sat at the little bar top and enjoyed every bite of our meal. We will for sure return!!!!!笑
I wanted to go to the Earl of Sandwich but the line was too long, just like it was last summer. So we settled for this place because it looked good. The clam chowder bowl was pretty good. My boyfriend said the shrimp tacos were okay. I got the lobster and waffles. DON'T get this. First of all, the waffle turned out to be a pancake. Then the lobster pieces were covered in so much batter. The batter tasted like grease and the lobster was chewy. This was a very disappointing and expensive meal.笑
Top notch food for a mall setting.  I had read reviews before our visit and I was looking forward to the lobster roll but couldn't order it because of an allergy.  But never fear we still had a great meal!  My husband had the clam chowder and the fish tacos and I had the Lobster and Fries.  I never imagined doing lobster tempura style, it was great, the meat was sweet and tender and the batter lite and krispy after the first bite I had forgotten about the lobster roll.  The fries were hot and crispy no grease and they served them with Malt vinegar, just the right touch.  My husband really liked the chowder served in a sourdough bread bowl (tasty bread), our adventure cost about $40. It was worth it!  We will be back!笑
Gotta love Vegas. So much things to see & do that aren't available back home. Options are limitless really. So I just HAD to treat myself to a lobster roll. At $18.38 for a large it's pricey indeed. But they do give a lot of lobster so I guess the price is justified. Would I eat here again? Probably not, unless someone else is paying. But glad I got to try it out.

If your going to make a meal out of this I'd suggest you get it with fries to fill you up. I only ordered the lobster roll & was hungry in two hours.

Do wish they would put more tables out.笑
i like that everything here has lobster in it.  I was disappointed by the lobster roll though.  Sure it had tons of seasoned lobster on it, but that was the only positive.  It was rather bland and pretty dry.  The bread was boring.  It had a bit of spread on there (mayo I believe).  Then the cold and pretty drab lobster chunks on top.  Def. not my favorite.

Luckily, I also tried the lobster mac and cheese.  While it didn't have much lobster chunks in it, it was still a solid, solid mac n cheese.  I'd probably come back for this and maybe get one of those lobster tails on-a-stick next time.

Lastly, I tried the lobster ceviche.  Not much lobster, but a decent ceviche overall.  A bit sweet from the fruits in it, but the main complaint here is they only gave me 3 chips with it.  Kinda skimpy for a tiny $10 ceviche.

Meh overall.笑
Lobster ME, more like Lobster No Me! We used to love this place, pricey but we'll worth it. Not anymore. Small lobster roll, 3 tiny pieces of dried out fish, an oceans worth of salt on the chips and tasteless watery clam chowder. All for $45. Never again!笑
Whenever I'm at Planet hollywood, either watching a show or just doing a bit of Gambling I always make sure to stop by Lobster Me in the miracle mile shops.
Their Lobster roll is like being right back in the northeast and their lobster Mac n cheese always hits the spot for comfort food!笑
Food here is overrated. Yeah its lobster but I guess I expected so much in taste. It was good but not great. I got the beltway/beltline (cant remember the exact name) lobster roll and upgraded to the fries and drink combo. That came out to $22. In my opinion thats a bit much being that this location has more of the fast food feel. My bf got the lobster cheese fries and they didnt even look good. They looked soggy and just not something I would have wanted. The lobster cheese fries were $14. If I return here on my next visit to Vegas, I'd try something else...although there is nothing that isnt pricey. I think its just the fact that its more of a fast food type spot that thows me off with the prices.笑
I'm Very sad.  I bought the lobster melt and literally only had 3 pieces of lobster.  Very disappointed笑
This is another one of those reviews where I'd like the ability to give a place a half a star rating.  For my money it would be a 3.5 rather than a three.  I'm taking off a half a star because while the food is very tasty, the portions are small and even for Las Vegas, I thought $17 for the size lobster roll was steep.  For an additional $4 you can have a drink and fries instead of home made chips.  The fries were good, obviously home made and not out of a package, but again, small portions.  Potatoes are cheap folks.  If you aren't going to fill the guest up with a huge sandwich and a very tiny portion of cole slaw, then at least pile on the fries.  

It's very casual, in a food court in the Venetian which is fine when you just want a quick bite.  Young people waiting on the customers were very pleasant and plenty of tables around to sit or you can take the sandwich out.  Plenty of folks partaking of the sandwiches.  Didn't hear any conversation so have no idea what others thought.

Again, my only complaint, small portion and pretty expensive.笑
Yum, yum, yum, yum, yummmm.  
But that's just for the lobster roll. 
Yummmmmm. 
But seriously just get the lobster roll. 
It's the bomb.  Everything else is meh.

The boyfriend has tried the fish chips and he spent the entire time trying to steal my lobster roll.  The fries weren't bad just not good and fish itself was like frozen filet quality.  We tried the lobster mac and cheese last time and it was a testament to how if you add lobster to anything it's passable.  The mac itself was pretty cafeteria style, it's been baked and left in a pan forever.  But then they top it was a heaping handful of lobster so you almost forgive them.  Almost.  
However, the lobster roll is out of this world, perfectly buttered toasted parker roll piled high with a ridiculous amount of huge chunks o' lobster meat that just lightly tossed in lemon and some spices.  If you like a creamy lobster salad with smaller pieces this is not for you but for the lobster-vores out there, you gotta try it.笑
I had the lobster grilled cheese and salt n vinegar fries. The grilled cheese is ok.  There is not enough "filling".  The outer 2 inches of the sandwich is all bread, the center where there is 'filling', is very good.

The fries had barely any seasoning. A light sprinkle of seasoning on top but 80% were just regular fries.

Overall disappointed.笑
This place should be called Lobster Meh.  My friend and I were shopping at the mall and decided to try this place.  She is a lobster bisque connoisseur, but trying it was a disappointment.  It tasted of roux with a little lobster base. What it did have going for it was a lot of cryovac lobster pieces in it.  The lobster mac and cheese was alright, but void of any real lobster meat, although it was garnished here and there with some of the same lobster pieces they used in the bisque.  

 I ordered a long island iced tea and the cashier kept trying to push this fishbowl vessel on me.  I'm a local and I will not be seen walking around holding and drinking out of a fishbowl.  The drink was mostly sweet and sour mix  anyway.  

Save your money and dine elsewhere as this place is highly overrated and overpriced.笑
For the price of the food we pay it not worth it. 

The bread was more tasty then the lobster itself.  there were chuck of lobster in the bread but the flavor was blan
6" lobster roll w/meal- $28

The Mac and cheese taste good but the bits of lobster didn't add much to this dish. 
Mac and cheese w/lobster- 14笑
I was disappointed.  My $14 lobsicle was very small, and I am not a big eater.  The good news is the beer is cheap.  $20 buckets and $5 Sam Adams draft.  The lobster ice cream was very weird.笑
The food was decent, had better lobster stuff elsewhere for the same price honestly.

Had the Lobster and Chips... They should consider using actual English type chips (steak fries) instead of french fries.  Also had the lobster mac n cheese; kind of bland honestly.  They gave me a free tasting of the lobster ice cream and that was interesting, but probably would never order a full scoop.

All in all it's decent food, but for the same amount of money I rather eat elsewhere...笑
Lobster grilled cheese sandwich delicious.  The lobster and shrimp ceviche excellent with big chunks of lobster.  Yum笑
The grilled cheese lobster is a must have. A little gem inside the Miracle Mile Shopping center next to Planet Hollywood. Definitely recommend the lobster bisque too while you are there. I wish they had more seating area.笑
For fast food joint that serves lobster exclusively in the middle of the desert, this place is pretty good. 

On a mission to have a quick snack and proceed to get our drunk on, Lobster Me was conveniently situated by Fat Tuesday and looked extremely intriguing. I mean, if you love lobster, can you really turn this place down?

We had a lobsicle which was well breaded, was cooked well and tasted delish! 
This was a great place to stumble upon. It's a great hidden gem on the Strip!笑
YES! Lobster without having to visit one of the Vegas buffets! I came here with a friend after shopping around the Miracle Mile. Located right next to Fat Tuesdays...I ordered the original "Maine style" lobster roll with chowder fries ($26). While the meal was a little pricey, I think it was worth it. I did not feel the glutoney of eating at a seafood buffet and still had some leftover. 

The roll was buttered and the lobster was adequately seasoned. Despite being a little soggy, the chowder fries were good. My friend ordered the lobster grilled cheese and the lobster bisque. The grilled cheese did not look as pictured, but the lobster bisque was amazing.  

Want a lobster roll? Go here. 

P.S. Check-in on Yelp to get a free lemonade when you order a lobster roll =)笑
BEST ever LOBSTER ROLL!
I've had Lobster Rolls in San Diego, Santa Monica and now at this Lobster ME location in Las Vegas (Planet Hollywood) and THIS LOBSTER ROLL IS THE BEST! The meat is succulent, juicy, flavorful and fresh. If you're going to spend $18 on a sandwich, know that for a Lobster Roll, this one is worth it. It also comes with Kettle chips and cole slaw. Ok, the cole slaw is more like a tasting (size wise) that you'd get at Costco but it's not what I came here for so not a big deal. Back to the Lobster Roll...you MUST try it if you like seafood and Lobster in particular. 

Seating wise...it is off of the strip and we came in on a Saturday evening (10pm-ish) so it was quite packed which is why we took ours to go. It's more counter service than a sit down place unless you can find an open seat that seems to cater to both Lobster Me and Fat Tuesday which is literally next door -it's a food court so you take your chances on seating, other than that, the food was worth standing in line and waiting. Give it a try!笑
FALSE ADVERTISEMENT! All you can eat lobsicle!NOPE all you can buy! Prices high for little. Hope  this saves you from the false advertisement笑
This place has been here for awhile, but I never actually wanted to try it until this past trip! Ordered the deep fried lobsicle and the Conneticut lobster roll, and it came out pretty quickly. However, it was super pricey for what you get- $13 for a single lobster stick, and $17 for a lobster roll.

The lobsicle was good; but not worth the price. I wish I had gotten the grilled lobsicle instead. The lobster roll with the melted butter was yummy, and the chips and coleslaw was a good combination. I thought everything was pretty good, but nothing special. I guess the price does make sense as it is Vegas, but definitely will not go out of my way to eat here again!笑
Lobster Roll on fire!!'

I secretly wanted to go back and order another roll to stuff in my purse for later, but I didnt want anyone to to judge me ;-/笑
great lobster mac n cheese! for a mall setting.  but the mall is in vegas.  and i was able to drink a beer in the mall with my mac n cheese.

check it out!笑
It's okay.  I tried it in Vegas with my sorority friends because the place literally just opened an hour ago...

The menu is very limited and the prices are ~$10 for everything.  I ordered the grilled cheese... it took much longer than it should in my opinion.  My friends got all their food before me, and I ordered first.... does that make sense?  Grilled cheese for $10 is not worth it.. even if there is lobster in it.  It didn't satisfy me and the combination of fishy + cheesey did not work here.  I tried a little of my friend's lobster mac and cheese... it did not work in any favor.

It was an interesting concept, but I'd rather walk a little further to Earl's.笑
I don't know. Passing by this place on the way to Planet Hollywood, I thought that this place sounded pretty bomb. We decided to stop by this place to order some food to take back to our hotel, and I didn't really feel like getting a sandwich or anything, so I ordered the cevice and chips, and also their lobster bisque. I spent $20, which I suppose I expected for ordering lobster, but the quality of the food was sub-par. I kinda chuckled when I opened the container for the cevice, and there was the cevice in a small soup container with a few lonesome chips. I probably can safely say this was my least favorite cevice I've ever had... Didn't taste that great, the chunks were too big to pick up with their flaky chip, and it just looked un-appetizing. 

Oh, and I tried a sample of their lobster ice cream.. Just tastes like vanilla icecream with random chunks in it. Probably wouldn't actually purchase it ever.笑
Lobster ME is located in the Miracle Mile at Planet Hollywood.  It looks like a very casual eatery like something you would find in the food court.  You order at the counter and pay.  The seating is very limited and at the time, it was very crowded but luckily we got a table.  

I decided on the lobster roll which comes with fries, coleslaw and a drink.  I also ordered a lobster Bloody Mary cause I could not resist that it came with a lobster in the drink plus I love Bloody Mary's! My bf ordered the lobster mac & cheese and a beer.  Our total came out to I think about $60 or maybe it was more, I can't remember.  But all I know is I thought that it was ridiculously overpriced yes even though it was lobster.  For that price, I could of eaten a nice meal at a fancy pantsy restaurant.  

The food itself was good but nothing that made me say wow. The lobster mac & cheese almost tasted like they just mixed in lobster to Velveeta mac & cheese. I did enjoy sipping on my lobster Bloody Mary and loved that I could walk around the mall with it!  The perks of Vegas!  

Like someone said, the portions seemed a bit small for the price you pay.  Would I go back here? Probably not.  But at least I fulfilled my lobster cravings.笑
Best and most creative Lobster I've ever had and the primary reason my wife and I are considering going back to Vegas. We have searched for other places with similar Lobster Sandwich in Seattle every since, to no avail. Its spoiled all other lobster for us...笑
It was pretty delicious I must admit. I bought the Maine roll w/ the lobster meat heated up. Omg, the sandwich was so on point. The lobster meat was so moist and juicy. I got it with the house chips and and the coleslaw. I love the chips, they had a slight salt and vinegar taste to me. I didn't even touch the coleslaw because it really didn't fit with the meal to me. My only complaint was that everything is so expensive compared to what you're getting. I know it's lobster, but I expect a lot paying 18.00 dollars for a sandwich with no drink.笑
I was so excited to eat here, but so so disappointed.  I got a lobster roll for $23 and added $4 for tator-tots and a small soda. A little pricey but I wasn't too worried about it. However, when I got my lobster roll I was so disappointed. It was tiny! Definitely not worth the price, plus the lobster was over-cooked, chewy, and bland. The best part of the meal was the tots. I'm not impressed.笑
'Cheap' lobster?! Only in Vegas I suppose.

You get what you pay for. The lobster isn't the freshest, but it's not bad at all, and it's a good value for what you pay for.

I didn't opt for the lobster roll, but it looked pretty good.

RANDOM but this place showed the best customer service I had in Vegas this time around. The 2 cashiers we came across were nice and chatty (not invasive and awkward at all!) They must like working here :)
=======

We got:
Lobster bisque ($9) - comes in a sourdoughbread bowl and serves 2. Comes piping hot. Wish there was more lobster flavor, but hey, can't complain for the price. It was a'ight.

Lobster tacos ($14) - meh. I was trying to be a taaaaaaad healthier but regretted it right away. The lobster was kinda dry (I mean, I wasn't expecting it to be fresh.. but still - again, fair for the price) and the tortilla/salsa was pretty whatever. The salsa came in a small serving cup and was probably canned. It comes with chips so it makes it seem like it's a better deal, I didn't have any though. The portion was pretty satisfying.

Chowder fries ($7) - THIS WAS MY FAVORITE THING! It's just chunky fries with cheese and clam chowder, simple but oh, so good (not good FOR you of course..). The fries were big and seemed double-fried so it held up to the chowda and cheese. The flavor was spot-on. I would return just for this.. and MAYBE to try the lobster roll.笑
Absolutely loved the Cajun lobster roll. Not sure what the other bad reviews were about. 

We were walking around the food court and I was hankering for some seafood. A lobster place with bad reviews was kind of a dicey choice. But then I took a chance and loved the spice in the Cajun roll. A pretty decent amount of lobster meat and lots of flavor. However, it will only serve as a snack and not an entree. So if you are looking for dinner, skip the place笑
It's ok. The tables they have are awful but the food is decent avoid the $8 "garden salad" aka small $1 house salad. Lobster grilled cheese was tasty.笑
Dudes. What are you doing over there?? Seriously? 

I used to love this place and always looked forward to going here when I was on the strip. This is no more. 

This place has progressively gotten worse each time, unfortunately. 

First, they kept changing the sizes of their lobster rolls, then they changed the bread, the seasoning and now the whole thing is just not good. 

There is less lobster and the bread is stale and small. They used to serve awesome lobster claws on top, this is no more. Everything about this roll is screaming "What did you do to me!!?!?!?". And I know why it's screaming that. 

Also, their lobster mac and cheese is always super cold. They should mention this to the clients if this is their intention. Even the clam chowder tastes more like it's been preserved and not fresh, also served in a stale bread bowl. I feel bad for talking this place up and sending people here. 
The service is good, and the cleanliness is fine. 

I've been in denial for too long. My love affair in the last year with this place has dissipated. 
This is  no longer my favorite place to go on the strip. :(

It's way overpriced for what they're offering now. When they started, it was worth the price. 

Please, consider going back to your old ways. And please inform me when you do. Until then, it was a pleasure knowing you.笑
I got the lobster grilled cheese which barely had any lobster in it. It wasn't worth the 11 dollars.  My friend got a lobster salad and she said it's just like a side salad with lobster in it.  She said she was expecting more than just a side salad with lobster in it.笑
Me and my bf decided to try this place thinking anything with lobster has to be good ! Wrong lol by bf got their lobster roll and it was small plus the lobster didn't taste fresh. I had the lobster soup which was ok but it could've been way better the fact that it had lobster in it!  We won't be eating there again.笑
The Connecticut lobster roll, lobster Mac & cheese, and deep fried lobsicle are dangerous. Very, very delicious...man I wish there were a location in San Diego.笑
For this type of venue, food court restaurant, WOW! Service was quick, food was fantastic. We both had Connecticut lobster rolls, so so yummy. I wish we has one where we live. A little pricey but worth every penny. Don't miss it if you are shopping the Miracle Mile.笑
The service was great, food was even better. I had the shrimp roll, it was so juicy (shrimp) and bread was pretty good. I also had the lobster bisque which was excellent, My friend had the lobster roll which had huge piece of lobster meat. I tried it and it was really awesome. Will be back there for sure. You have to try the Lobster Ice Cream.笑
I tried the lobsicle with the lobster deep fried (the other option was to have the lobster grilled) and it was great!  Juicy, tender and flavorful.  Unfortunately Im leaving Vegas today so I'll have to get lunch here the next time I return笑
For fried food the fish and chips arrived hot and tasty.  Service was nice and even cooks came out to counter to deliver food especially if there was a customer return.  I would have appreciated a healthier option but could not discern from the menu.  Seating is first come, mall seating.  Perfect for grab and go or take to your hotel room or poolside snack at the Elara.笑
Delicious-ness!!! Love when lobster isn't served very "fancy" but still has its own flavor.. The other ingredients its paired definitely compliment the lobster in every different roll.笑
Awesome!!! I had excellent expirence with Lobster me. Food always is so fresh, healthy and so delicious! Staff is friendly and they work fast!  I love Clam Chowder and actually Lobster Cheese sandwich is creamy and so yummy!!! I'm so happy each time I eat there:) thank you guys!笑
Amazed by how incredible the miracle mile was we decided to try this spot. Going to graduate school in the New England area I fell in love with Lobster Rolls so I immediately gravitated to this spot. My GF had the Lobster Tacos and I had Lobster Roll Conn. style. They loaded the roll with lobster and the bread was extremely buttery. How could they go wrong with that combo? That's right they didn't- they hit a homerun! 
If you are in Vegas hit this spot in PH!笑
Kind of expensive for a quick lunch in Vegas, but it's lobster and it's Vegas, so the prices really shouldn't be much of a surprise. Unfortunately, the food itself wasn't super impressive and it's hard to justify spending spending $15-$20 here when you can get a sandwich at Earl's for $7 without having to leave Planet Hollywood.

I ended up getting the lobster grilled cheese since I didn't really want to shell out $17 for a small lobster roll and shared an order of chowder fries. 

-LOBSTER GRILLED CHEESE ($11) - 3.5/5
Contrary to some other Yelpers, I thought there was a reasonable amount of lobster in my grilled cheese. And there were actual chunks of lobster instead of just all shredded. The bread was buttery but lacked the crispness from perfectly toasted bread. The cheese was warm and melted for the most part, but the texture was a lot creamier than I expected (like mayo or cream cheese) rather than gooey.

-CHOWDER FRIES ($7) - 4/5
Thick fries with a generous topping of chowder, tomato, bacon, cheese and parsley. Fork needed though because the fries get kind of soggy and aren't sturdy enough to hold up the chowder and toppings.笑
Mario was amazing super friendly nice and clean restaurant perfect for quick stop or just to hang out drink a beer and chat!!笑
This is so good! I get one every time I'm in Vegas! Although, I wish the lobster were a bit warmer if I'm ordering a hot sandwich.笑
Went back to Lobster Me today and had the Maine style and the Old Bay. This experience did not disappoint. Both rolls were just as I had remembered as the Lobster really popped and was prepared wonderfully this time. The Maine style had  celery, chives and a small  amount of mayo on a wonderful soft roll. Very generous portion of lobster. The Old Bay roll had shallots, chives , mayo, and seasoning with buttery Panko bread crumbs, again with a generous portion of lobster. 

My favorite was the Old Bay, and the mixture of the panko, butter, and shallots really made this roll for me. Absolute purists should try the Original Maine Style if it it their first time, and then branch out to try the others. Washed it down with a refreshing blueberry lemonade, although there were several beer selections if you chose to partake.

A shout out to the staff and very helpful manager, Jessica at this location for guiding us thru the menu and providing friendly and helpful service.笑
I had always wanted to try their lobster Mac and cheese and I really loved it. The lobster tails were melting in my mouth. The only reason I give this business 4 stars is because I think it's a little bit overpriced and it took them too long to prepare my dish. Everything else is perfect. I will come back!!笑
I had the signature roll. I had high expectations for this roll since the lobster came from Maine and I paid a steep amount for it. Well, it's not bad. But it just did not justified the $25 USD I paid for it.笑
Sooo this place has everything lobster. Like I went back to the hotel and had to tell my friends how many things they had. BUT I wasn't too pleased with it. 

I got the fish and chips so maybe my experience wasn't that great because I didn't stick with their lobster. It really wasn't anything special. What really made me give it a 3 was the poor costumer service. When I went up to get the food I just asked if there was lemon and the guy handing it over had such a bad attitude about it. He then listed off everything he put inside the bag. It was a simple question that didn't need to rude remark. 
Really though if you want decent priced food I guess this is an ok place to go to.笑
I was walking around the mall in Las Vegas and notice a restaurant that caught my eyes. The lobsters were calling out to me to eat. I felt like in the mood for some lobster chowder, hoping it will be tasty to eat. I was pretty disappointed with it. The chowder wasn't thick and creamy. I didn't feel like I got the taste of lobster. It was pretty average. Service was pretty fast. I think I will stick to clam chowder instead.笑
Great place to visit if you love lobster. The lobsicle is the best. It's lightly breaded on a stick served with lemon and butter right next to Fat Tuesday笑
This place! Is so good! I love it! First time in Vegas and this was pretty dank! 
The smell of their food was so mouth watering, the employees were really friendly and it was quick service. It's a bit pricy, then to what i usually eat but it was worth it.

* Their lobster bisque! 
* Their lobster and fries!
* Even my girlfriend loved their LOBSTER ICECREAM! (Free samples)
* Their Bloody Mary was pretty good too!!

I'm craving it SOOO bad right now and I'm not sure if they have this in California haha (:


YUUUUUUUMMMY!笑
Nothing special considering this place's specialty is lobster.

I got the connecticut lobster roll ($17) since it's the only "warm" one while the other ones include chilled lobster. I also got the lobster grilled cheese. They were both pricey for the sizes but the lobster grilled cheese was actually worth $11 bucks. It was super flavorful and they packed it with all kinds of goodies. It was okay that there wasn't too much lobster inside because the grilled cheese as a whole was good.
The lobster roll, meanwhile, was too bready and the lobster was meager. 

The lobster bisque was pretty good but I wouldn't order it for a whole serving-it gets pretty fishy while there aren't much lobster chunks-so where does the taste come from?笑
Stopped by again today to have brunch and a lobster Mary!!
The food (all) is so darn fresh and delicious 
Never fails and service with a smile every time!

Prices are great for fresh lobster on the Las Vegas strip!!
We'll be back again and again!!!!笑
The Connecticut is fucken bomb, cooked lobster on buttered bread. It could be bigger for the price and it isn't so filling, but I'd still order it again. Their cajun fries taste a little too garlicky for me and the Mac n cheese was pretty good, not too cheesy/creamy but still tasty.笑
I got the The Original and it was just ok. A little heavy on the seasoning and mayo, and just overall nothing I'd jump for joy over. It wasn't bad, but considering the price I'd probably leave it at that... not bad. Unfortunately I also chomped down on a big piece of lobster shell, that was mixed in with the roll, and hurt my tooth. That made the overall experience nothing I'd return for.笑
Excellent spot. I love lobster so I just had to check this place out. It is fast food style but wit delicious lobster dishes. I had the lobster roll, which was excellent. My husband had the lobster melt, which is like a grilled cheese sandwich with lobster meat in it, to die for. 

I will definitely be back to try more things next time I'm in Vegas.笑
This place will satisfy the need if you're absolutely craving lobster, however for the price I can't justify the purchase or a return visit. It's 19 dollars for what seems like a 5 inch roll which is basically lobster in toasted bread. 

Most people will want a combo which will tack on another $4 which includes a small drink and a side of vinegar fries. That brings the total to about $25.00 for a standard meal. Now I know this is lobster and the location is on the strip, but for the portion and amount of flavor you are getting your money is better spent at a sit down.

On our visit we sprung for the Connecticut roll which is supposed to be buttered version of the standard roll however I could hardly tell the difference. After what seemed like 3 bites we were finished with our rolls and still had an appetite which is quite disappointing so we shared a lobsicle ($15). 

It may be because it was deep fried and piping hot but this is the one thing I would recommend if you HAVE to eat here. It has some flavor and the temperature keeps the meat soft. Again, the portion is small but I'm assuming the reason you're here is because you're craving lobster right?

The overall establishment is clean, very casual, the staff members were very polite. The seating area is pretty much like a food court so you're sharing seating with Fat Tuesday customers. We went on a Saturday and there was plenty of seating available so that shouldn't be an issue.笑
Noms!!! My friend and I shared an order of Clam Chowder and the crab fries. We were expecting something good - but Oh Man! this took us by surprise!

We opted for the chowder to come in a bread bowl and we devoured every piece of it! I loved that it wasn't too salty, not too thick or too runny... it was just right! The Crab fries were on a special menu and we felt although this place screams 'lobster', we just had to try the crab! I'm very glad we did because it was probably better than the chowder! I honestly was full from the two but couldn't stop shoving these fries in my mouth! I was addicted! 

The only reason I didn't give 5 stars is because of the lack of seating and how overpriced the food was. But I still enjoyed our meal here!笑
I was SUPER excited to try out Lobster Me after my friend had Instagrammed pictures of his lobster rolls while in Vegas. It just so happened to be right next to the Fat Tuesday line so my girlfriend and I had to give it a try. 

We ordered the Cajun roll after asking the register girl's opinion and it came out to ~$25... Most expensive sandwich I've ever purchased. But my girlfriend reasoned that it WAS lobster so I bit the bullet and waited it out. 

MAJOR disappointment! First off, the large size is only 6 inches. 6 INCHES. I could buy 5 Subway foot-longs with the money I spent on this dinky roll! To be fair, it was absolutely stuffed with lobster meat and 3 claws on top but the meat was COLD. I was appalled. Probably my fault that I didn't ask the waitress if it was going to be a hot or cold sandwich but I didn't know that cold lobster sandwiches were a thing. 

If I were to come here again, I would order a non-roll item like the tater tots or the mac and cheese because the roll was WAY underwhelming and WAY too much for my wallet. 

Side note: A guy fainted face first on the tile floor and banged up his chin while waiting in line behind me. Not sure if it was from the sky-high prices or heat exhaustion and dehydration from his Fat Tuesday. Either way, be sure to mentally prepare yourself for these menu prices!笑
A great place to stop for a lobster roll.

On one of my many weekday business trips to Vegas, where I usually stay at Elara (formerly PH Westgate), I was searching for someplace close to get some dinner to take back to my hotel room (where yes, I would be working, picking up where I left off when I left the client office). While wandering around the Miracle Mile, I found Lobster ME and tried their Original Maine Style lobster roll to go. OMG, so filling and so good. Definitely a nice change from the sandwiches and other quick style food to go. A little pricey at $22, but luckily it came reasonably close to my per diem for dinner. =D笑
Disappointed 
The pictures make it look good, but for the price you pay , it's not worth it !!! 
Save your money and skip this place !笑
If you like Lobster, you will like this spot. Very unique foods all with lobster twists. Sort of pricey, but hey its lobster. Definitely worth a try. Had the lobster sandwich and it was pretty good. Next time I will try the other dishes.笑
I came here at a prime time for dinner at 7:30 PM to order the popular Mac n Cheese and was told they were sold out! I wanted to give this place a chance so I ordered their other popular item, the Lobster Roll. I'm a seafood lover and I could not taste what was so special about the lobster roll. I doubt I will pay $17 for one single item at a fast food counter again. I would rather spend that kind of money on an entree at a full-service restaurant.笑
My free gift card made the price even more reasonable.

"El Diablo" was mildly spicy and full of flavor.

I was warned of how spicy it was and usually laugh when people warn me about spiciness.  I may have a white face but my stomach and mouth must be Thai.  

The lobster portions were generous even for the "medium" size. 

The staff was knowledgeable and friendly.  

Overall a very pleasant experience, especially for mall food.笑
We ordered the "L" Lobster Roll, that they claim is the best in the world. I beg to differ.  For $17, we thought we were going to get something extraordinary.  C'mon, it's lobster!? But...FAIL! It was tiny and the ingredients were easy to figure out. Really?: Old bay, mayo, butter, and pepper...all in a bun. Wow...big whoop de doo. UGH Very disappointed.笑
Delicious Lobster rolls here , my husband loved the clam chowder and he is so picky . Prices were fantastic and I don't know how they get such fresh seafood here. Located right in the Miracle Mile shops perfect meal after long day shopping .笑
Given the mixed reviews about Lobster Me, I had low expectations, but I really liked it! Yes, it is a few dollars overpriced, but given that it is lobster, I wouldn't necessarily expect fast food prices.

I ordered the combo meal, which came with your choice of lobster roll (I got the Connecticut, so the lobster was warm, mmm), fries, cole slaw, and clam chowder, as well as a drink with free refills. 

The lobster roll was delicious, lots of meat on a slice of buttery Texas toast. Wow, that was delicious! Yes, I wished it was bigger, but I savored every bite. The fries were good, nothing special, but I found it interesting that the chowder was served right in the same container as the fries, which made for a messy chowder sauce. I didn't mind it, I just found it odd. The chowder was good, but I didn't taste any meat in it. The cole slaw was unremarkable, but fine.

Lobster Me offers a locals' discount, so that took a few dollars off of the total. I would definitely return!笑
Had to have been the best lobster me and my bf have had. It was amazing. Customer service was amazing my favorite was the lobster roll and their french fries were amazing.笑
Lobser ME is a Godsend if you're hungover and craving comfort food to soak up all the bad decisions you drank the night before while out on the town in Vegas.

I came across this place on my last Vegas trip after my friends and I had just finished eating at Earl's. The lobster ice cream sample sort of lured us in, but they didn't have any at the time, so we figured we'd try it next time we were here. So on my most recent Vegas trip this past weekend, my best friend's boyfriend suggested we try this place out.  Lobster ME is located right next to the Fat Tuesday place, so a bit towards the middle of Miracle Mile. There are tables located in front of it, but keep in mind, this area can get packed so be prepared to fight for a table. 

While looking at the menu, I was pretty much drooling - lobster mac and cheese, lobster grilled cheese, lobsticle, different kinds of lobster rolls, and more. No joke, the lobster mac and cheese was pretty much calling out my name and saying "eat me nowwwwwww." Couldn't pass that up. I ended up ordering that, along with a side order of tater tots (if you've read my other reviews, you'd know that I loveeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee tater tots) and a drink. My total came out to be $17. 

My meal came out about 10 minutes or so later, freshly made, steaming with goodness. The bowl of mac and cheese itself doesn't look like much, since you pay the price of $10, but seeing that it is made with lobster, it's somewhat understandable. The mac and cheese was a bit bland in my opinion - like they should have added more milk or something to it since it tasted a bit watered down. The lobster was good though! No doubt about it. And since I was pretty much starving, I didn't really mind TOO much that it was a bit bland. Tater tots were awesomeeee. Crispy and hot - just the way I like them. 

Service was okay I guess. I mean, you just order and they call you up when your order is ready. Prices are a bit much, but it IS lobster. I was already expecting the prices to be around that much anyways. Overall, I'd give this place 3.5 stars. I probably would come back and try something else. I honestly would have ordered a lot, but I was saving my money for more debauchery.笑
I'm giving Lobster me 2 stars because although the customer service was good the $14 Endless summer salad was the worse salad I've had. There isn't very many healthy choices on the menu and the one thing that's the healthiest lacked taste from the dressing to the ingredients. I'm very disappointed that I had to pay $14 for it. Can you please use another recipe? I guess I was paying for the lobster!笑
As much as I love lobster, I really think this place is overpriced. I was really excited to try their lobster ice cream, but when you think about it - it's really just bits and pieces of lobster with vanilla ice cream. There's just nothing really "spectacular" about that.

The lobster bisque was all right. It came with a bread bowl - but it just didn't impress me that much. As for the lobster on a stick - the lobster is deep fried but not that big. 

The staff was nice and friendly, however just be aware of the fact that you're paying more than necessary.笑
I only came here because the line for Earl's sandwich was out of this world. 

I am glad I was able to try this place. We got the lobster mac and cheese which was pretty good. The cheese was not overwhelming and had a good decent about of lobster meat in it.  We also got the Lobster roll which was also pretty good but I felt it was lacking in the sauce.

PS. try the apple beer if you like apple juice! It tasted just like apple juice except you get buzzed!!笑
Overpriced for the quality and amount of food you get. For a combo, you get like 15 french fries and a roll by itself is already $19! At least they offer you a refill on your drink but overall pretty underwhelming for almost totaling $30. Save your money for a fat tuesday and eat somewhere else.笑
I think all the different lobster sandwiches are about the same with different toppings. My friend said they give more lobster meat then other places. It was tasty and when you need that lobster fix it was just the thing. The French fries were more salty then I would have liked them. The coleslaw was boring and bland. The lemonade was good and of course sweet which means lots of sugar.笑
Try their lobster roll and bloody Mary, it is ok nothing special, kind of overpriced, but it is expected inside a strip casino.....so its like try it one time and it is done....笑
Very pricey.  Small amount of lobster in all the dishes we tried.  Large portions of bread  to make up for it.  The food is tasty just no where near enough lobster.  Cute gimmick just won't satisfy your need for shellfish笑
I used to love this place, sandwich was nice lobster tail was awesome, now they serve you a bite of a sandwich for the same price and a lobster tail the size of a tootsie roll tootsie pop for the same price, unless you want to spend $100 to get half full from an empty stomach i would suggest sandwich of earl for a fraction of the cost. This place WAS awesome.笑
no idea how the food tastes, cuz i paid and waited 30 min and got nothing. watching the cashiers/servers argue with the kitchen in back is like dinner and a show. after i was repeatedly told "your order is next" and watching other boxes get filled, i went to the cashier to ask for a refund. The 16 y.o. manager just re-printed a receipt for me, the receipt didnt show anything about money going back to the card. 14 days later....nothing on my statement. if you get screwed like me, dont leave until they comp you something.

edit: it's been a week since I emailed the manager/owner that left the comment below. shockingly - no response.笑
Great fresh succulent lobster that I will never get tired of! I'm going here all the time !笑
Lobster everything, lobster rolls, lobster mac and cheese, even a fried lobster on a stck they call a lobsicle!

This place, inside the mircle mile shops, has a small but strong menu with a really good lobster roll. 

I tried the lobster blt, applewood smoke bacon stips, lobster, mayo, lettuce and tomato. Very good!

My husband got the original lobster roll with secret spice blend, both came on toasted split top bun.

We also got a bowl of clam chowder, served in sourdough bread bowl, yummy, a large amount of clams, small chunks potato, very good. 

Limited table sitting, very busy area, free refills but gotta ask and very good food, just a little pricey!笑
What a nice break.  If you're not eating at another buffet or dropping serious money on a $$$$ foodie restaurant then you might be tempted to just eat a quick bite at some junk food place.  But why would you do that if you can get a lobster roll that is pretty damn good for a 10 minute wait.  We really enjoyed the Original and the Cajun.  The lobster Mac & cheese and fish tacos were also pretty decent.  The staff there pushed this from a 4-star to a 5-star.  Genuinely nice and friendly.  I would stop here anytime I'm back in Vegas and looking for a good quick bite.笑
not worth the price for flash frozen meat. My friend and i work in the casino and wanted to try this out when we saw it open. -( Not a good idea because the food was not good, got the lobster roll and it was just meat on a roll, no flavor at all. yuck!笑
this is inside the Planet Hollywood shops-towards the bend.

if you like lobster then you will enjoy earing a sandwhich from here. nothing fancy, just lotsa lobster seasoned in butter and chives and drenched with cheese and the smashed inside a roll. combe with fries and a drink will cost you 25 bucks ...taste hella bomm tho!笑
This place was pretty good although this is my first ever lobster roll...I think it was pretty good.

The lobster roll was @22 for the large and $16 for the regular. I got the large as I was sharing with the wife. The bread was nice and toasted and the lobster was great. I liked the lobster because it wasn't mayo based as people say alot of them are. it kept it light and from being too fatty and bloated.  There was plenty of meat in it to make it a meaty roll so with that I am pleased.

We also got the lobster bisque in the bread bowl $9..this was good but I had definitely had better bisque all over the east and west coast. It lacked....some serious flavor.

So final report...will I go again? maybe but definitely not going to hunt it down again.笑
The food was amazing....but the service was even better!! Our son is on a very strict diet, and Jermel went out of his way to make sure he was getting what he wanted/needed. It might seem like a small gesture...but it made our sons day!! Thank you!!!!!笑
If you're on vacation and in a rush, but want dine-in quality food, look no further. Its definitely the type of food I search for on holiday. I had a traditional lobster roll while my husband opted for the lobster mac n cheese. My roll was perfect: the bread was well toasted, there was plenty of succulent lobster, and the overall flavor was great. Of course I had to try my husbands, and his was delicious too. My only critique of the mac n cheese was the container it was in; it could've been in the same container as the other items to get a better bite of all of the ingredients together (if that makes any sense). Of course it's a couple dollars more than I would want to spend normally, but let's be real: it's The Strip. What do you expect? And for this quality of seafood it's honestly a good deal.笑
Omg!!! This place is addictive. Im from Louisville ky and im visiting and this is my second visit in 4 days....I wiah we had this at home笑
Favorite dish is the lobster mac. It's really good and super filling笑
I was so excited to try this place after seeing all the photos. The reviews were mixed so I wasn't sure how I would like it. But if it has to do with lobster, I will definitely try it. 

Its located in the middle of the Miracle Mile Shops. The staff was friendly and helpful. The prices were high to me, in relation to how you could pay the same amount and go to a buffet with tons of seafood. 

I must say I was disappointed with my meal. I chose a large original lobster roll with fries and a drink which was $21.62. 

I love fries but not these.  The fries tasted more like fried batter than anything else. I opted for the original Maine style lobster roll  which is lobster served with a touch of mayo, lemon and secret spice blend on a 6 in New England style split top bun. The lobster was tasteless to me. I couldn't taste any flavor, not even the mayo. It just tasted like lumps of cold lobster and to me, lobster has to have some sauce or of course butter to enhance the flavor. 

Maybe I just didn't try the right dish, who knows. Unfortunately for this place, service doesn't keep me going back to a place (it does help of course) but the product itself does. 

I satisfied my curiosity but not my tummy.笑
Located in the Miracle Mile Mall by Planet Hollywood. Free parking out back definitely worth trying items here are made to order and fresh. Friendly reminder staff spoke with the GM cool guy they have plans to do specials like the crab fries running currently. Very casual a little pricey but hey it's high quality and it's Maine lobster so get over it and give it a try!笑
We can all agree that lobster rolls are always on the pricy side. There are at least 15 bucks for a small roll. If we are lucky and sweet enough, the staff stack the warm roll with a lot of huge chunks of claw meat. Lobster Me was perfect lunch portion for someone that is not super hungry, but I-should-eat-before-I-go-to-dayclub-because I-woke-up-late-for-lunch/I-am -hung-over/I-cannot-not-do a-buffet-because-I-will-not-make-my-moneys-worth. That totally describes someone I don't know at all. 

The sandwich was on a warm toast, with room temperature lobster... which is a good thing. I didn't want it chilled. I got the original which was topped off with curry seasoning. I wished the cut their lemons a different way so that more juice comes out. The lemon makes a difference! It makes the sandwich a little lighter since of course the bun us smothered in butter. 

The roll came with a side of cole slaw and home-made chips, which were also yummy with a squeeze of lemon. Ask for two wedges!笑
Don't waste your time!  My first visit was shortly after they opened.  The service was very slow, but they were very busy.  The lobster??? on the lobster roll was very stingy, and unidentifiable as lobster as opposed to shrimp or crawfish or even sirimi, in some cases.  It was mostly bread.
I just tried them again, and after twenty minutes (with three other customers...so they were SLOW), my lobster mac n cheese came out cool.  Not cold, but not even room temperature.  And this was after they stressed how hot it was.  I took one taste of a noodle (very metallic flavour) and took it back to them, stating it was cool.  15 minutes later the "night shift supervisor" came out and informed me that it still wasn't ready.  Did I want to purchase something else?  Were they nuts?  Over 35 minutes wasted waiting on food that never appeared.  They claim that they voided the sale, but I can see the charge on my credit card; we'll see if it goes away.
Do yourself a favour, don't bother with this place!!!!!笑
After coming here on out last trip, we really enjoyed the lobster rolls so we decided to come here again.  My bf ordered the Connecticut roll which is warm lobster and I ordered the Cajun lobster roll which is chilled lobster.  The lobster rolls were packed with lobster.  Both were delicious just as we remembered.  We also ordered the lobster mac n cheese and it was alright.  I think the rolls are way more worth it.  After ordering and paying for your food up at the counter, they give you a stick with your order number on it and when the food is done, they'll bring it out to your table.笑
Ordered the Cajun lobster roll, came out quick and had a good buttery flavor, very little heat/spice so don't let that scare you away. It was pretty good but not sure if it was $20 good. Nice view, watching people stand in line at Fat Tuesdays waiting to get hammered!笑
Meh.

I dunno, it wasn't all that. 

Located in the Miracle Mile Shops in planet Hollywood, and open all day.  Claim to have "the worlds best lobster roll".  I have to disagree, and this is based on taste, type of meat, and possibly luck.  

Maybe I was unlucky to get an off-night lobster roll.  It was filled with claw meat, didn't get too much tail in my roll.  It's very lightly dressed, and while that may be a ploy to say,"we're not going to hide our fresh lobster taste!" what it ended up doing was make it painfully obvious that the roll was drenched in butter.  Lobster rolls I'm used to are more like lobster salad on bread.  And when I said filled, I didn't mean filled like bursting at the seams, I just meant that's what thye filled my sandwich with.  The bread to lobster meat ratio was something like 3:1, and it was tourist priced as heck, actually everything is here.

My wife got the lobsicle and the lobster ice cream.  I would describe the lobsicle as a split lobster tail tempura skewered and fried.  And the lobster ice cream was just a mild vanilla-ish ice cream with lobster meat.  It was ridiculous, like $5 for a small.  Don't get me wrong, I like weird Filipino ice cream, with corn and with cheese, but this just wasn't for me.  

I'll eat here again maybe, but I probably won't get the lobster roll.  I'd probably just get the lobster and chips, but more likely, I'd save my appetite and my skrilla for Boiling Crab or Hot n Juicy.笑
Great customer service, nice location with eye candy. 
My only grip was the amount of lobster in the sandwich. They said it was a 1 pound lobster, then deconstructed to extract the meat that goes in.  my question is why dont they just weight out 1lb of lobster meat then put that into the sandwich! 

The side of fries i ordered tasted alot better than the roll. Again, if the price was appropriated with the amount of lobster i might be a return customer.笑
My girlfriend and I both had the so called "best lobster roll ever". I must admit it was pretty good & better than I thought it would be (I was expecting a tourist trap).

The garlic bread was delish, toasted to perfection. There was a good amount of lobster to go around, so that was satisfying as well. My issues were with the seasoning/sauce (there was barely any of either one) & the price (still a bit overpriced for a food court style dining experience).

If you happen to be in Planet Hollywood & you're craving a Lobster Roll ... all hope isn't lost ... i'd still go to Lobster ME given some of those issues.笑
First off, the owner (I think he is) is a dick.  The food?  Overpriced and low quality.  If you ever had a decent lobster roll, you would never eat it here.  What a waste of space!  Don't waste your stomach here!  Too many awesome places to eat in Vegas for this crap.

Highlights
*None!

Lowlights
*Overpriced
*Dumbass owner with an attitude
*Claims to serve lobster bisque in bread bowl. NOPE.笑
I so wanted to like this place and was excited to try it. The lobster roll was overpriced, tiny and didn't taste very fresh. The lobster Bloody Mary was OK, really spicy and the lobster was decent. I should've stuck with just the drink.笑
i had the truffle lobster roll and it was absolutely to die for.  I didn't see it mentioned in other reviews.  yes, it is expensive but duh it's lobster!  I thought the portions were okay.  Would have liked two of those lobster rolls but that would have been too much.  This place is pretty special and should be given a serious look by anyone in the mood for quick and easy lobster.  My friend had the lobster grilled cheese and didn't thrill over it the way i did the truffle lobster roll.笑
Used a coupon I found in a booklet that was in my hotel room.  Get a free beer with a lobster roll.  They kindly substituted a large soda for a beer.  Thanks!  Good service all the way around.  The roll was super tasty, not filled with celery or such.  The lobstersicle was expensive, but tasty.  I felt that lobster didn't need to be deep fried, so my lobster tail was broiled and came with drawn butter.  Small but tasty.  

Dine at tables in front of the food stand inside the Miracle Mile mall.笑
Undeniably delicious but if you are extra hungry it probably won't fill your belly. The Portions are small and the menu is a bit pricey. All in all it is a great place to eat.笑
XL lobster roll 23 bucks! It didnt taste fresh ( Frozen), and had to much Mayo. 

Although I really did like the Hot dog roll that was drenched in Butter and toasted to Perfection!笑
If it sounds to good to be true....than it is!,  This writer bestowes the new name, "Lobster Me Not".
Small portions and old looking lobster make it another Vegas ripoff.  A rule of thumb....if it is connected to a Vegas hotel or a mile of shops... run the other way. Same goes for the infamous Vegas Buffets. When Rent is too high, food quality and value go out the window. Im still trying to figure the bill, considering there wasnt any water ordered or consumed?????笑
Very good lobster roll. Great coleslaw. Awesome chips! Very excellent for mall food. Delicious in fact!笑
Lobster was ok. Lobster Mac and cheese was cold. Very expensive for what you get. There are better fast food options inside Planet Hollywood.笑
My husband and I absolutely love this place. We discovered it walking around the mall and decided to give it a try. Its a great way to have delicious lobster in a fast food type setting. Their lobster bisque is amazing. I cannot wait until we go back to Las Vegas just so we can eat here again.笑
It's taken me a year to write this review (don't judge)...
So Lobster ME had me as soon as I read their name. Everything was super yummy...fresh, sweet, and delicious. My issues with them, however, were that the Lobster Roll was small and needed more lobster on it, esp considering how much everything on the menu COST. It is not a cheap place to eat, which also was a turn off. I get it; lobster, Vegas, sure. But damn. That said, everything we ordered (and we ordered a lot lol) was really good. I have no doubt I'll be back. And will still be complaining about the prices. :)笑
After going to Fat Tuesday...for about the 6th time in one day....we decided to have a snack at Lobster Me. 

I ordered the Lobster Grilled cheese. Now. I'm not a huge fan of fish or lobster, but the thing about lobster is, it's not supposed to be fishy. 

The lobster in the sandwich was really fishy and just didn't taste fresh. I had about 4 bites of the first half of the sandwich and my husband had the other 3 or 4 bites. When I offered him the other half...well...he declined LOL.

I gave the other half to my friend and she ate it...and seemed to moderately enjoy it I guess.

The wait was also SUPER LONG...like perhaps they had a nice lagoon in the back to actively catch the lobster...of course, they should have tasted fresher if that was the case. 

I won't return.笑
Lobster + Fast Food = Lobster Me!

I stumbled upon Lobster Me while walking through the Miracle Mile Shops at Planet Hollywood and was craving an open faced lobster sandwich, so I thought why the heck not! The employees taking your order are very friendly, patient, and are very informative about their products. I ordered their large Lobster Roll, my sister ordered the Lobster Mac & Cheese, my other sister ordered a Shrimp Sandwich and my mom ordered the Lobster Ceviche. The total was $70 + which is quite expensive, but I guess that the price you have to pay for lobster! 

Lobster Roll on an open faced toasted bun - Good, but definitely not like the ones we have in the Bay Area! The lobster didn't seem as fresh and to be honest, I thought it was sort of dry. I wouldn't skip it and would definitely give it a try if you're craving lobster.

Lobster Mac & Cheese - OMG so good! The dish was perfectly creamy and I was surprised to find a ton of lobster pieces, which was really nice for the price you pay! I could seriously eat this all day.

Shrimp Sandwich - I thought it was going to be fried shrimp, but I was very wrong. The shrimp on an opened faced sandwich was quite disappointing as I found the shrimp to taste frozen and definitely not fresh. Don't quote me on the frozen shrimp, but the shrimp was nowhere near fresh!

I didn't get to try the Lobster Ceviche, but my mom said she hated it. $70 for fast food lobster is no bueno, but it was nice to see a fast food seafood option in the Miracle Mile Shops! I'll probably skip Lobster Me the next time and look for a better option on the Strip.笑
Large original lobster roll and Mac & cheese. One word: WELL DAMNIT IT TASTE SO GOOD! That was more than one word but it's so good. I really enjoyed both items and not stingy at all with the lobster. Great snack before boyz 2 men show later. Whoop!笑
First of all the lobster rolls are great here. Today at the recommendation of karina - I think that's her name I tried the one that is warm with old bay seasoning.  Yum!!! I can also honestly say that this young lady also gave some of the best customer service that I've experienced in Vegas. That girl "gets it" and is going places!!笑
Surprisingly good for a fast food type of place in the mall. Ordered the clam chowder and lobster roll, both were great! The roll that they use for the lobster roll was buttery which made it even better. I felt like they put a good amount of lobster in it.
They had a bunch of different things on the menu that I saw after I had already ordered so the next time I'm in Vegas I'll definitely be back to try more things on the menu.笑
Lobster ME has beckoned me to visit every single time I've walked past it en route to Earl of Sandwich from the Planet Hollywood parking garage. Today, I finally answered the call.

Back in December, I was fortunate enough to win a $10 credit for Lobster ME at a Yelp event (see Yelp Helps: NPO-Yeah! for more info). This made any expenditure at this place a much more tolerable option, although I still anticipated having to shell out something for a Strip location that happened to serve the arguably already overpriced treat known as lobster.

I pretty much went straight to the Original "Maine Style" lobster roll. I limited myself to the medium size at $17, rather than go for the large size at $23, the difference being $7 vs. $13 out of pocket for me. This is described as Maine lobster with a touch of mayo, lemon, and a secret spice blend. I didn't taste too much mayo and I am reasonably sure that there's turmeric in the spice mix, but I can't be too sure beyond that.

This roll is pretty good! I definitely enjoyed the buttery, soft roll that still had a nice crunch, the ample chunks of lobster meat and claw, and the aforementioned mayo and spices. I probably would have given them four stars on the spot, but during the drive home I realized that it just didn't strike a memorable enough chord with me. Flavor aside, I'm pretty sure I'm barely over half full from that "medium' roll, if that.

Overall, I can see this being a convenient luxury food option for somebody with money to burn or for a tourist who feels trapped in Planet Hollywood / the Miracle Mile Shops, but I just wouldn't recommend it to any of my friends. There's just so many great places around Vegas that aren't so pricey.笑
If I could give this place a zero.I would.  I couldn't wait to try this spot.  We spent $60 for three people for fast food lobster that SUCKED.  The portions are small my lobster roll was a mini roll for $18.  My shoes have more personality than the unsympathetic manager. Needless to say these locals will not be returning.笑
This place is delicious. We got the XL original lobster roll. big enough to share. LOTS of lobster meat with 2 huge claws piled on top. The lobster is fresh and delicious.

Lobster bisque is delicious too in a sourdough bread bowl.

Oh and the lobster mac n cheese is to die for...!

Everything is fresh and delicious! Yes, a little pricey, but the quality is worth it. Good portions too笑
I should have known lobster and fast food does not mix, but obviously gave it a try and right away you can taste the old, flash frozen low quality lobster meat. Its an ok place but you are much better off eating at those infamous lobster trucks which actually have high quality fresh lobster!笑
I was sort of disappointed by my visit to Lobsterme. I ordered the lobsticle, and I was really excited because I'm from Miami and I've been looking for places to try ALL WEEK while I was in Vegas , the food looked sooooo good through the pictures and the reviews were really good . When my food came I was shocked at how small my grilled lobster on a stick was . I could have eaten 3 of them little things . I asked the lady if that was how big they normally were and she said yes they shrink when they get cooked . 
I was mad and still hungry . The fries of wedges were really really good and so was the lobster , it was just too small .笑
Got one of the lobster roll here. Comes with Cole slaw and chips. It was delicious. Definitely would come back to try their lobster Bloody Mary. My cousin got the lobsicle it looked good!笑
I was treated to Lobster Me by my friend who is a chef that I trust very much. I have never cared for lobster rolls but he kept talking about the one here. We had Old Bay style. I am now a lobster roll lover. No mayo or celery, just garlic butter and Old Bay. I think I'm in love. The Old Bay fries are also very yummy. The draw back? Customer service and employees always eating. The one who brought our food out was not only eating but speaking to us with her mouth crammed full. GROSS!!! Not only that, she always had a scowl on her face and acted like she would rather be anywhere else. Plus, a prep cook who we could see from our table through the pass through was also eating and doing so WHILE WEARING GLOVES AND PREPPING ORDERS!!  I really almost left but  my friend convinced me to stay. That grossness needs to be fixed. Also, he said the Venetian location is better all around. We will go there from now on.笑
DISCLAIMER: The photos are deceiving! The rolls are at least 1/3 smaller and the large generous pieces of lobster meat are non-existent. To add insult, the prices have increased.

It's really a shame. If you look at photos posted just a year ago, the rolls are stuffed with a heaping of lobster meat, even full pieces of claw meat, and looks absolutely tantalizing. The roll we got was small (think a thick slice of bread - like Texas Toast folded in half) and it was barely filled with chopped up lobster meat. So, what happened? I want to know where were my lobster claws and why was I robbed of lobster??

Original Maine Style Lobster Roll ($17): Chilled lobster meat mixed with mayo and spices and served on a toasted, buttered brioche. Accompanied by a side of lightly dressed cole slaw. The bread was soft and flavorful and the lobster meat seemed good. It was nice with the freshly-squeezed lemon. Again, I would have really enjoyed it if there was enough lobster meat. There was too much bread to the amount of lobster and we actually had a couple bites with NO lobster! This was really disappointing for the price.

We opted for the Fries + Drink combo (+$3) and went for Cajun Fries (+$1). The beer-battered fries were crispy and delicious. The Cajun version was well-seasoned and I loved the addition of chopped scallions. FYI: If you choose a fountain drink, it has unlimited refills.

Lobster Mac & Cheese ($12): This was just okay. The pasta was dry with not nearly enough sauce and the lobster meat was, again, skimpy. There was nothing special about this dish as it wasn't flavorful and there wasn't enough lobster to taste it within the dish.

The Lobsicle ($14): Lobster tail on a stick and it's available grilled or fried. I went with fried which has a light coating of their beer batter and it's served with melted butter and lemon wedge. This was absolutely delightful. The lobster was cooked nicely and the batter was crispy. I loved the fresh lemon juice and butter for dipping. 

I really did enjoy the food, however, I don't like feeling cheated, so I can't say I'll return or recommend the "World's Best Lobster Roll" (meh).

Note: They offer a locals discount of 20%! Just show the cashier your Nevada ID.笑
Poor value for the quantity and quality of food. Save your money and eat at a decent sit down.笑
This place is a ripoff! $20 for a lobster roll the size of a slider?? You have to eat standing up since they dont have enough tables, the tables are always dirty and the roll has just maybe 2 oz of lobster if much. Complete ripoff!笑
Meh.  I didn't see what the hoopla is all about.  They say there's a pound of lobster in each roll; not sure what measurement scale they're using.   It was nothing to write home about.笑
Not bad but kind of pricey for a lobster roll, lets face it though, it's Vegas笑
I just got back from Las Vegas. The family decided to get lunch at Miracle Mile. I told them I didn't care where to eat, all I know I needed to do was get a lobster roll. TO my amusement, None of them had ever had one and they all decided to tag along. Two trays and about $200 later we were all full and ALL 7 people loved the food. YES this place is expensive, but it's Vegas. Have YOU ever tried to get fresh lobster shipped to you in the middle of the desert? 

I was finally going to try the lobster ice cream, sadly, they were out

***NOTE TO OWNER**** My lobster roll had a channel of mayo on the bottom which was kinda too much "goo" in a bite, If possible please have the cook SPREAD it on the bread. THANKS! Be Back in a month for CES 2013笑
Should have went to Luke's Lobster instead for a lobster roll.  The lobster taste rubbery and was lacking any flavor for $18.  The coleslaw was only have a container and the chips were very few and tasted stale.  If I had the option of coming back here I probably wouldn't.笑
Great food! My husband and I both ordered the xl lobster roll. Excellent!!  A little pricey, but I will definitely return. A good amount of fresh tasting lobster on a perfectly toasted roll.笑
I've only been here once, but wow $18 for a lobster roll.. That's Vegas for ya!

I had the El Diablo Lobster Roll which was tasty, but the portion was very small. The bread was a bit soggy from the sauce, and there wasn't much substance beyond that. I did enjoy the side of cole slaw that they served, but again not something that I would consider ordering again unless I was desperately craving lobster.

I still link lobster is a bit overrated, but my friend enjoyed it so at least we were content.笑
Well it's a lobster roll. Bread and lobster. Toasted bread with juicy lobster. I don't like the price but it is lobster and it is Vegas. Ordered the lobster roll, lobster melt and chowder. Very good stuff.笑
Found this little gem while shopping inside The Miracle Mile shops. Seating is limited in front of the little restaurant but there is some large ottoman seating behind the tables if you're lucky. Ordered a lobsicle (lobster deep fried on a stick) and lobster Mac 'n' Cheese. The lobsicle is a pretty big portion than I was expecting. It is a little bit rubbery since it's deep fried. I do like that they give you liquid butter to dip it in. The lobster Mac 'n' Cheese is a better menu selection. There were small pieces of lobster that were more tender and I enjoyed the panko crumbs they added on top. I say this place is good for a quick bite while you're doing your shopping.笑
I've never had a lobster roll before so this was my first time eating one. I've seen them on the food network so I've been wanting to try one. so when i came across lobster me i had to try it. at first i thought to my self it too expensive for a snack but once you try it, its like a little piece of heaven when you eat it. if your trying to get full off it your wasting your time. their $17 each.笑
I've been here before and tried the Connecticut lobster roll (I love lobster rolls) and knew I would go back to try the rest of their menu which we did this time. This time there was a few of us so we got a couple of items: The Frenchy (brie/lobster panini), the Lobster Grilled Cheese, the Beltway (lobster sandwich with old bay seasoning), the Lobster Cheese Fries and the Lobster Mac and Cheese. We went lobster crazy! The Frenchy (is the sandwich I had myself) is very light breading if you want something lighter than the grilled cheese. The grilled cheese was good too! All of it was good. Between the cheese fries and the mac and cheese, I preferred the mac and cheese. It just seemed like the lesser of two evils! Haha.

I believe our cashier/server was named Ronnie, she was super helpful! Definitely hit up this spot of you have a hankering for some lobster everything.笑
Again, hangover food at its best. Lobster bisque and lobster grilled cheese sandwich are AMAZEBALLS. It's so good that I would book a room at Planet Hollywood again just so I can roll out of bed the next morning and shovel food into my mouth.

One MINOR gripe though: they were slow on giving me and my roommate our morning tea. But who needs tea when you have alcohol in Vegas?笑
I've been to this location twice now, my last visit being this past weekend.
The shop is located in the Miracle Mile Shops, just a little bit up from Earl of Sandwich and right next to Fat Tuesday.
My friend and I came here right after a show which ended around 11:30PM on Saturday night. The place is opened until 12.
The cashier was a pretty chill and enthusiastic dude, not something I was expecting near store closing.
My friend and I both ordered the plain lobster roll. I didn't even read the note on top, but it comes with a side of criss cross fries, small cup of cole slaw and half a pickle. It is sort of pricey for fast food, but it's lobster we're talking about.
Presentation of the lobster was very nice, and it came with a small piece of lemon. It's not the freshest or tastiest lobster I've had, but it satisfied my craving.
Next time I'm going to give the crab roll a try!笑
Got the Connecticut. Smaller than what I expected. Tasteful but not worth $17. If I was really craving lobster and this was around, I would eat here again.笑
Really good food. I would get the shrimp and chips again. The lobster roll was too rubbery.笑
Lobster on a roll? - Yes please!!

I came to the food court looking for Earl of Sandwich, but my hunger didn't allow me to make it around the corner and I decided to eat here. I'm a fan of lobster, especially when I don't have to crack the shell and get messy eating it. This place is pricey for a quick lunch, but it was delicious nonetheless. You'll spend about $20 bucks plus for lunch for one. I don't regret my purchase, I only regret eating it so fast because it was soo good.

I ordered the Cajun Lobster roll, fries, and a drink. The roll comes toasty/grilled and buttery with good chucks of lobster meat stuffed on hotdog style. I could eat 4 of these easily because each bite was so juicy, buttery with a hint of crisp from the roll. The lobster had a nice cajun spice to it which added another dimension to the flavor. 

Punch line: Come here for delicious hassle free lobster!笑
While in Vegas you can order a Maine Lobster Claw Bloody Mary with Old Bay rim and a Lobsicle.  That's a deep fried Main Lobster on a stick. Unique snack to have in a unique town. They have lobster rolls and other items.  I just wanted the Yelp community to know about the lobster bloody Mary and lobsicle because its different.笑
Cajun lobster roll was just okay for me, didn't seemed like I ate a whole lobster. Although it was served on a sweet bun which brought out the flavor. For about $20, probably pass.笑
I love anything with lobster!! This place was located in planet Hollywood next to Fat Tuesday. Its like a food court style but there are tables and chairs to sit.

They had all sorts of lobster! Mac n cheese lobster, grilled cheese lobster, lobster roll, lobster bisque. Love all the selections! The Mac n cheese is good but I kind of got sick of eating it after a while. However, the lobster roll was really good! For $20, it included a large size lobster roll, fries and a drink. The lobster roll did not look big at all, but it was enough for 2 people to share. 

Anyway, I can't wait to go back again!笑
If you enjoy Lobster, but doesn't want to spend $50-100 per person for it, then this is a place to get a quick fix.  They are located just in the middle of Planet Hollywood's Miracle Mile shops.  The place operated like a fast food joint, but seats could run out quickly depending on the time you visit them.

We got the Cajun Lobster Roll and Diablo Lobster Roll.  Both were full of nice flavorful spices.  The Cajun one was slightly spicier.  Lobsters were served cold, but still delicious.  Drinks were refillable.  Price was about $15-20/person.

Lobster Me, lobster you?  The staff served us quite well and it did not feel like a fast food joint at all.  I look forward returning to explore other items on their menu.笑
My friend told me about this place, so as we were staying in Planet Hollywood, I had to try it out! I had the Beltway lobster roll and it was delicious!  The brioche bun was toasted perfectly and the lobster topped with butter-toasted panko crumbs really hit the spot.  The lobster roll doesn't seem that big when it comes out, but it's more than enough to fill up one person, especially if you order fries as well.  My friend ordered the lobster fries and I have to say that was disappointing.  The sauce was ok and overall the fries were just soggy and not that great.  Stick to the lobster rolls if you try out this place.  Also, it's right next to a Fat Tuesday, so there's that!笑
Stopped by for something unique to eat on our way into the crazy girls show in Planet Hollywood. 5 different lobster sandwiches, lobster tacos, love lobster Mac n cheese, lobster grilled cheese, clam chowder or lobster-n-cheese fries and lobster salad. They even have a lobster Bloody Mary! All very quick, fresh and delicious. A great place when you're sick of the ordinary. Fat Tuesday is right next door for big crazy drinks. Just needs more seating.笑
Not bad, but not the best lobster-themed place I've been to. I got the Lobster frenchie but was kind of disappointed because it didn't have much cheese and didn't have much lobster. The seasoning was good though, and the lobster bisque (free with Yelp checkin) was delicious! I dunked my sandwich in the soup for more lobster flavor. The chowder fries weren't really special, not much sauce was on it. I had a bite of my friend's miso lobster roll and it was quite unique and yummy though.笑
I liked it! I got a lobster roll, it was kinda expensive, but the quality of the lobster and amount of lobster exceeded my expectations.

My other friend got the lobster mac 'n cheese, it was a little bland, it definitely needs a dimensional characteristic whether it's heat or truffle or something.  We tried Tabasco and ketchup ...sort of did the trick.

My other friend got the lobster grilled cheese which reminded me of a tuna melt.  He wolfed it down and we didn't even get offered bites, so my guess is it was good :).

Servers were very friendly & fast!笑
Honestly, all we wanted was to get a piece of lobster that wouldn't cost us an arm and a leg and that didn't require us to dress up .... that's how we like to roll sometimes.  Lobster ME seemed like a place that would fit our need and requirements perfectly, and I must say, after having experienced it. that it certainly did.

It's an odd concept, to have a Fast Food lobster place.  Fast food and lobster doesn't seem like it should be in the same sentence, but these guys made it work.

After peeking around at the menu and at other people's choice of foods, I decided to try the Lobsicle (lobster tail on a stick) and my husband went for the Lobster Mac and Cheese.  We also ordered a side of cajun garlic fries, just because they sounded exciting .... :)   The price was somewhere around $12 for each lobster dish and $4 for the fries.  Slightly above average when you consider the fact that it's fast food, BUT .... there's lobster involved, so even though it's cheaper than going to a lobster type restaurant, it will still be pricier than your average hot dog stand.

The food came out quickly.  My lobster tail on a stick was battered and deep fried and was served with a cup of butter,  The batter was very tasty, on the sweet side and it complimented the lobster very well.  
The lobster mac and cheese was DA BOMB! I never knew lobster and mac and cheese belonged together in the same bowl, but obviously I'm terribly mistaken because it was a pairing made in heaven!  The sweet lobster, the macaroni and the creamy cheese sauce ..... It was just a very, very good idea!

The cajun garlic fries were tasty BUT ... do not eat if you're looking for a date or looking to score at some point that same day.  Just a word of fair warning.  The cajun spices provided a welcome kick, so we both enjoyed this side dish.  

We'll definitely be back here for more lobster in the future.  It's a convenient and quick lobster fix that can fit in to anybody's budget, and so for what it is, I think it's a great idea and a great place to stop for food.  We didn't get to try the lobster ice cream, but it's on the agenda for next time ;-)笑
i saw this place and told my brother this is your kind of place, not knowing really how good it was, just that he likes lobster, and i had gave up my room at planet hollywood so he could stay there so it was very accessible to him. when he finally did eat here, the following day, he ate here everyday and sometimes twice. and against my will he forced a lobster sandwich on me when i told him i was full ( i thought how good could it be?). so i took it back to the room and left it on the table. the next morning i knew i wouldn't have time to get a bite to eat, so i opened the bag took out the sandwich and took a bite and thought omg omg omg, cold and old this sandwich was still spectacular. i don't think it even had mayo in it, but rather crack, because it was so tasty and made you wanting more. mind you, if i went there, not knowing anything, i would have not ordered a 22 dollar sandwich, but man this sandwich was worth every penny. but if i go there i definitely will. when we left vegas my brother went online and ordered from here one more time. it's that good.笑
it is a high price fast food place. i got the lobster roll for 16 bucks and add 4 dollars for a drink and lobster bisque. the lobster roll was crisp bun and warm which is how i like it. they used one whole lobster for this lobster roll. the diablo habenero sauce in this roll really kicked it up and the slaw inside gave the whole roll witha different texture in each bite. i do recommend  this place. 

the lobster tacos which i got for 16 bucks was not good. the tortilla was cold and was not hot.it was kinda dry too. although  the ingredients inside the lobster tacos were very fresh light crisp good with the squeezed of lime wedge. and the salsa picante. 

i did spend like 42 bucks  for 2 lobster tacos and one lobster roll and one lobster bisque and a soda for 2 and it wasnt too filling where we couldnt move. its a light dinner but good experience  to try if you never tried this place. most likely i wont come back for it.笑
Just discovered this place on last Vegas trip. SO wish there was one in Philadelphia!!笑
Yummy Cajun lobster roll and chips. My friend got the lobster salad and lobster bisque. Both were really good and hit the spot. It is a bit pricey but so good. When I come back in February I will bring my husband here. The food is really good and the service is good.笑
Was glad to see the Yelp sticker posted. It reminded me to check in which resulted in a coupon for a free lemonade. That took $4.00 off my order. The beltway lobster roll was quite tasty. Flavorful and piled high with warmed lobster chunks. The rest of the plate was disappointing a few haphazardly thrown chips and a cup of coke slaw. I tried it, enjoyed the roll but probably will not repeat the dining experience.笑
Mehh I am thoroughly disappointed. I got the cajun lobster roll and expected a little kick out of the cajun mayo that was supposedly in the bun... Nope, didn't get that. I think the roll would have been much better if it had mayo, or butter, or something! Mac and cheese was flavorless, we had to add ketchup to it. Honestly, mac and cheese is a fail if I ever have to add anything other than black pepper to it. Grilled lobster cheese sandwich barely had any lobster in it, my friend had to stick in extra lobster from the mac and cheese lol.笑
Every time I've been to Vegas, I have always wanted to try this place. I am a huge seafood fan especially lobster and seeing their poster "Lobster Ice Cream" definitely enticed me. NOT because of the lobster flavored ice cream but the idea that they were serving everything-lobster. 

We were so desperate to figure out something to eat really quickly that wasn't fast food so this place was going to do the job. EH. Honestly BIG BIG waste of money! I got a Lobster Salad which was $15...I expected something bomb. When the salad came out it was literally the size of a fast food salad you can get from like Carl's Jr or something. The only good thing about it was, yes, their big pieces of lobster. Other than that this was not worth it! 

The people working were nice though. Their lobster rolls sounded good but after looking at the photos....all they do is drench mayo all over the lobster? gross. 

Never eating here again! Not worth it.笑
In Miracle Mile, right next to Fat Tuesday.

Everything lobster. Great hangover food.
Be daring and try the free lobster ice cream. It's surprisingly good.

Cost:
~$12-$25 depending what you get.

What's good:
- lobster mac n cheese --- really heavy, and cheesy 
- bread bowls looked delicious

No bueno:
- lobster rolls were very good. filled with big pieces of lobster, but small.笑
Here is a lobster world. I orded the lobsicle. It was just grill lobster. Lobsicle with butter and lemon. Price is little bit expensive but it so good. So delicious and chewy!!笑
I ate there yesterday before heading to the airport.   Words cannot describe how good the Connecticut sandwich was.   I am a huge food fan and a huge lobster fan and this place is a home run.    A day latter I am in Chicago at the office and I am still thinking about that sandwich.    So much so that I am actually writing my first restaurant review ever...    Advice to management.....Open one up in Chicago!笑
Located next to Fat Tuesday in the Miracle Mile I was excited to go lobster crazy. Everything on the menu looked delicious so I gave in and decided to give this place a try...eh...I was a bit disappointed. I ordered the lobster grilled cheese and the lobster wontons. I really envisioned the grilled cheese to be made with regular melted gooey cheese just filled with lobster chunks...not the case. It was cold, they used cream cheese and it was not melted. The wontons surprised me as well because all I tasted was curry, I didn't even finish half of them. I got to sample the lobster Mac and cheese and that was pretty good, I would definitely eat a bowl of that. I also sampled the lobster ice cream, a spoonful is enough. It was very rich and buttery with lobster chunks, not sure if I could handle an entire scoop. 

Next time I would go with their breakfast items because the lobster eggs and lobster and waffles looked yummy...but then again so did that grilled cheese :/ Oh, they give free refills on drinks.笑
Don't even waste your money on this disgusting food!! I got a lobsicle for $15 and the thing was not even 3 inches long!! Not even enough food for a child and the lobster had a funky taste to it. It left me in the end with less money, a nasty taste in my mouth and regrets that I didn't spend my money somewhere where I can actually feel full after a $15 meal. Don't do it. Run away from this place!!!!!笑
Tried the lobscicle and lobster ice cream. Do you want the good news or the bad news first?

Okay bad news it is. The lobster ice cream I would never get AGAIN. The ice cream was great and fluffy and had large pieces of lobster in the ice cream. However, the actual lobster pieces did not taste great at all. The lobster pieces where very bland and too chewy and had to chew it for a while.

On to the good news. $14 + tax for a lobster tail, that's awesome. Comes out and it's smaller than I expected (but my expectations were too large for a lobster on a stick. come on bro. LOBSTER ON A STICK smh) The lobster on a tail was awesome. Great for a quick bite and an unique idea. 

Try the LOBSCICLE !笑
It all started with a heartwarming greeting from Rebecca, she was wonderful, how she honored my dad's wishes when he ordered and made it a joy to order. As she was helping my dad her smile radiated to everyone else in line, and comforted and served them like melted butter!! Next, the food came. We're from New England and I was raised on lobster, and used to what lobster rolls should be, and believe me! This one is just like it! Loaded with lobster and sides toasted to perfection JUST LIKE IT SHOULD BE, believe it when you order from Rebecca you'll be taken care of. Great experience, perfection!笑
A okay if you want lobster, but the lobster rolls are just a okay.  Big chunks of lobster but I just wish it was 1) a little big bigger  2) the bread was okay but not the best

Lobster mac and cheese was nothing special but it the lobster was good just mac and cheese probably could have used better cheese.笑
Would've been a 4 star but my Lobster Tostada arrived with bacon!!  Isn't listed as an ingredient but it's there... Thankfully I'm not vegan, just don't care for bacon so I'll pick it off笑
First, let me say- the people complaining about the price are ABSURD! Show me a major city where you can get a lobster roll for less that $15, now remember what you are eating... LOBSTER!!!!!!!!! It's supposed to be expensive- duh. Also, a few extra bucks for being on the strip in LV and you have a completely reasonable price.

The chowder fries are incredible. Good lobster rolls and mac and cheese. Grilled cheese was eh笑
Located in Planet Hollywood, Lobsterme serves (well you guess it) lobsters. Got original Maine Style Lobster Roll $17. It's chilled lobster with mayo and spices on a bun. You can also order it warm if you want it but it makes it weird. Flavor wise it's very simple and fresh, can still taste the lobster there. I'll definitely do the lobster popsicle next time. Couple friend tried it and they love it. 4 star due to limited seating area笑
Lobster me please.  Lobster me good but please don't steal my wallet once I drift off into a coma.

It's my favorite crustacean and always more expensive than my Casio watch.  Even when I do find lobster rolls, they are without an abundance of lovely lobster meat. This place gives you a nice heaping of lobster meat at a great price, ~$12.

The quality of the lobster meat is questionable though, but it's enough for me to eat and not barf.  The lobster rolls come with a bit of coleslaw and potato chips too, so you don't need to order fries unless you really want to soak up some giggle water.  The roll is buttery and delicious by itself.  I'm sure it will be a good enough to devour in-between Fat Tuesday sips.

My only lobster-y wish is that the lobster mac and cheese had more meat in it.  Am I asking too much?!  How can you give me an awesome lobster roll and then send me a lazy lobster mac and cheese?  Okay, I'm a brat, but I still recommend this place when it comes to snorting anything with lobster in it.笑
The Crab Roll served Old Bay Style is amazing! My fiancé got the Lobster Roll served Maine Style and he loved it! We will definitely be back笑
It always bothers me when people give a place less stars just based on the price. 

First of all you're in Las Vegas. They don't call it Lost Wages for nothing. Second of all it's $&@?ing lobster, in what world is lobster ever cheap? Please tell me. I'd like to live in that world. 

Rant over. Now let's get to the nitty gritty. Lobster me's food. I had the lobsicle and the lobster bisque. The jury is still out on battered and fried lobster tail on a stick. Maybe I'm partial to grilled or broiled lobster but it was just ok. Nothing to write home about. The bisque however hit the spot. The flavor was great and there were nice little chunks of lobster throughout and it came in a bread bowl. I love bowls you can eat. Who doesn't? The only bad thing about this place is there's not enough seating. Even though it was very mall-food-esque the service was incredible. The people that work there are grade A, I don't think I had better service my entire trip. You go Lobster Me, you go!笑
I wanted to see what all the rave was about the Lobsticle, hell might as well call it a Shrimpsticle, the thing was so small I busted out my binoculars.  For the price it is not worth it, yes its Lobster but come on.  And not to mention the $7 dollar Hot Dog with NO fries for my kid (he really wanted one) that was also outrageous.  Mac and cheese was also flavorless.  2 stars for the free refills.笑
Say the word lobster and I'm sold! Lobster Me you had me at Lobster ice cream...I know it sounds kinda weird that lobster can be mixed with ice cream but the crazy part is that it tasted pretty good. 

My cousins and I were walking the mall and I noticed the words Lobster ice cream free sample. So hey why not take a crazy chance and try something different. We ended up ordering it and we all shared. Of course it was $8.50 for a small ice cream but it was worth the try. 

The second time I came was to try the food; my bf and I decided to get the Lobster Mac n Cheese and the Lobster Bisque. Yum! The Lobster Mac n Cheese was not bad it could use a little bit more sauce. The Lobster Bisque was delicious especially in a bread bowl. 

I definitely want to come back here and try everything! Especially the lobster shooters, yes I said lobster shooters with Vodka!笑
YUMMY YUMMY YUMMY YUMMYYYYY!! Haha The chowder fries were DEELICIOUS! I love how they added chowder on their fries. Considering I love chowder, this was a genius concoction! 

I reallyyyy wish they had garlic tots again! Garlic anything would win me over any day so PLEASE BRING BACK THE GARLIC!! Thank youuu :))) 

The lobster bisque was reallyyy good too. Probably one of the best lobster bisque I have ever had. 

The BELTWAY LOBSTER ROLL was tasty. The lobsters inside were huge and fat! Just the way I like them. The roll could be more toasty. It was soft. The coleslaw and chips that came with it were good as well.

The people working here are nice too :) Did I mention this place is next to fat tuesday? haha笑
gf and I hit Lobster Me post-Meatloaf concert.  I was kinda surprised it was a "fast food" styled place where you order at a counter, sit in an open table area and then they bring the food to you.

We ordered the lobster roll ( medium - $18), Lobster Grilled cheese ( I believe it was $13 ) and lobster mac n cheese ( dang, I was tired - I forget the price but I'm guessing $15 )

Glad I bought a large can of Corona ( $10 )  - I just about killed the can before the food showed up.

The verdict - not bad.  The roll was very basic - grilled roll and chunks of lobster saturated in butter.  Decent serving size.  Lobster was tender.

Lobster mac n cheese - I liked it;  gf didn't.  She felt the lobster should have been cooked into the mac n cheese.  my response, " Why?"  I've commented on other reviews I question the combination of mac n cheese and lobster ( I feel the lobster gets " lost " in the cheese ) but I felt this serving was decent.  I do agree with the gf that the mac n cheese probably would have been better with a sharp cheese, but again, this will probably result in the lobster getting lost in the shuffle.

The lobster grilled cheese , well.... same principles as the lobster mac n cheese - too much cheese means less lobster flavor so why bother.  Still, not a bad sammie.

Not sure I will eat there again if so, i'll stick with the lobster roll.

pics included笑
I had the lobster roll , crab roll, and lobster mac and cheese. It was very good and very satisfying.笑
At my visit Las Vegas last week, I had a chance to try here! I ordered Lobster grilled cheese and salt & vinegar fries. I picked and back to my hotel room. (Wanna eat with beer and relax)
Lobster grilled cheese was so good! But my fries were not so good,,,, WAIT!!?? Where is vinegar? 
Next time wanna try different one.笑
Cajun lobster roll is decently seasoned not spicy but good. Hoping it was a little bigger.笑
Cathy is amazing! So sweet and kind. Lobster roll and drinks were on point! Will definitely be back before our vacay ends.笑
came here to try their classic lobster sandwich with the hubs. though i love the fact that they lobster wasnt drenched in mayo (there was no mayo at all) the lobster was pretty cold. i was taken back by it. i thought it wouldve been buttery/garlicy and at the very least luke warm. thats the only off putting thing for me personally. maybe its the way lobster rolls are supposed to be? ive had one at sams chowder mobile and it was great!. probably wont stop by here again anytime soon unless a friend wants to.笑
Don't you dare come here! I know lobster is expensive but come on, I expect to be full after having a lobster roll and bisque. 

My girl was dissapointed as hell. REALLY! The bisque was blah, the bread was stale and the roll was done in two bites. There goes $33

Plus there is no real seating area, just small tables next to the noisy Fat Tuesday's bar!



Their customer service looked like they were lost and didn't care! 

SKIP IT PLEASE!笑
If you like lobster, this is the place to come! The lobster roll rocks! I would be giving this place 5 stars, but they changed their menu lately and only have small lobster rolls now. Bring back the big one! 

Also, I think the bread changed too. It's not as tasty as it used to be. Still an awesome roll, but compared to before, it dropped a star.笑
I was here in July, 2014, and I believe they were fairly new at that point. There was a long line to order and receive your food to eat there (food court) or take out. I ordered a lobster grilled cheese, and 45 minutes later, was still waiting for it! I watched others who were there way after me be brought their food and finish eating, and I was still waiting. I asked several people about my order who appeared flustered and clueless when I asked. Finally a girl stated, "the cook
 is making it now." I think they had misplaced my order until then!  I got my sandwich after almost an hour wait. It was good but definitely not worth the headache of this highly disorganized place nor the unacceptably long wait!笑
Did a pit stop here while in Vegas as we wandered around and "got lost", and got distracted by this "LOBSTER ME" sign on our way to Earls...

Came back after purchasing three sandwiches at Earls, and pondered over what we wanted to get. We decided to settle for the lobster mac n cheese, which came out to almost double digits! Holy ish, as a broke ass college student, I definitely was NOT liking the way this little side was coming out to be so far.... that's EXPENSIVE. You better give me a pound of this lobster mac n cheese, or have a shat-ton of lobster in this mac n cheese if you're charging $9 for this. And then I start dreaming.... and I think of the time I had some BOMBDIGGYDANGDIGGYDANGDEDANGDIGGY lobster mac n cheese at Capitol Grille at South Coast Plaza in Costa Mesa, CA... and how their $15 lobster mac and cheese side was SO WORTH EVERY DAMN PENNY after eating it... and that was litterally what I was expecting, but hopefully, better.

What came to us, however, was a little lacking. We found very few lobster pieces, the serving was puny at best (as with everything else on Vegas' strip, super expensive!), and it was dunked in oil, oil, and uh, more oil. I kid you not. Now, don't get me wrong, the flavoring of the mac n cheese, I felt that it was pretty good... in fact, I probably would have given them 3 stars in my review since I loved the sharpness of the cheddar and how it cut into the well cooked, super soft macaroni... however... the price of what we paid vs what we got + the next day, when I heated this up, the amount of GREASE that came out (OMG, artery clogging!) + the pathetic amount of lobsters in this serving of lobster mac n cheese? Not the best impression.

For me, personally, Lobster Me became a place that I would try just to say I've eaten there before, but if I were to do some real grubbing? Ehhhh, not so much.笑
Great food (outstanding lobster). Manager Amber definitely cares about pleasing her customers. I will definitely come back. Great Vegas food spot.笑
I'd say for a quick and tasty lunch that doesn't break the bank in Vegas, come here! It's easy to find in the Caesar shops, and they have a lot of seating.

Their lobster rolls are really good, and they're priced pretty decently. I've had some lobster rolls that had barely any meat in them, and these were pretty stuffed. Their lobster mac & cheese is also delicious, though we would have liked it if the lobster was mixed in to the pasta and not just dumped on top. Their tator tots are bomb as well...super crispy! I'd def come here again for a quick and easy bite to eat笑
The original Maine lobster roll is good, real lobster meat, not flour covered/battered fried . It is small but I understand lobster is expensive . My only complaint is the side chips are hard, maybe out for too long笑
Lecker Lobster. Kleine Portionen, große Preise. War es das wert? Ja. Wieder hin? Vielleicht.笑
expensive but good. they actually give you lobster claw pieces in their lobster roll. 
skip the lobster bisque.  Not worth it. just go to earl's and get a cup of chicken noodle instead.

i got the cajun garlic fries! amazing but didnt give enough.  I wouldnt go out of my way to get it since earl's is down the way for 1/4 of the price!笑
Located on the corner next door to Fat Tuesday, this restaurant is good for something different.  Lobster rolls come in two sizes - Large ($17) and XL.  They are served on a paper slip, similar to how a large hot dog might be served.  Sandwiches are cold, and I tasted most of the special seasoning only on the lobster claw that is laid across the side of the sandwich (see pictures I posted of the menu and large sandwich).  There are other flavors, but I had "The Original."

My husband had the Lobster Grilled Cheese ($10).  He said it was pretty good.  It didn't look particularly big - about the same size as a regular grilled cheese sandwich - maybe a little thicker since the cheese inside was mixed with lobster.

It was good, and while I understand the price a little since we're talking lobster, but it was still pricey in general.  I wouldn't say this sandwich would necessarily be a future craving for me.笑
Get the hot dog, only thing worth the money on the menu. I love lobster rolls but the size of this one was sad. For $18 roll I expected more than 3 oz. of meat. Hold off and spend your money on somewhere else.笑
First off -- the staff at Lobster Me were awesome!! There aren't many tables available for sitting but they were able to find us another chair for our one-chair table while we were waiting for our food to arrive. Now onto the food -- I had the Original Maine Style and my husband had the Connecticut -- when they came out, the sandwiches looked so tiny BUT man, did they fill those buns up with tasty lobster!! Maybe our eyes were bigger than our stomachs because we both left full! I had the lobster bisque for my side and my husband had the lobster fries. The bisque was good but not the best and the lobster fries were kind of sad. I think we enjoyed our sandwiches the most but next time, we'll pass on the sides. And remember, this is located in the Miracle Mile Shops so don't expect fancy-ness, guys.笑
Skip it. Both the Cajun Lobster Roll and Lobster Mac & Cheese were dry and lacked flavour.