The Woods in Rocky River! Very disappointed! 

My sister and I had met to go over the cards left in memory of our brothers recent passing. Then we had 2 more friends meet us for dinner and drinks. The owner had stopped at our table a couple of times trying to be friendly and then the ultimate insult came as we were winding down our evening. He came over and said if you are done would you mind leaving as I have reservations waiting to be seated. WOW! Such unprofessionalism and lousy manners! We had just spent between the 4 of us for dinner and drinks over $ 200 dollars. We loved our waitress Lexie, but the owner was ruthless with his poor words! I am highly offended and would now never return to this location! I certainly hope he goes to etiquette school to find the right way to ask people to give up their tables after they are done eating!Ǿ
I'm surprised by the negative reviews. My fiance and I decided on The Woods for dinner after some of his coworkers brought leftovers for lunch that looked and smelled delicious. Our waitress was super friendly and attentive. I ordered the French Onion soup which was DELICIOUS! and the bruschetta, which was actually more of a french bread pizza, and also delicious. He ordered a trio of eggplant parmesan, veal parmesan, and lasagna. It too was scrumptious. Even the bread that comes with dinner is fantastic. We will most definitely be back. It's a really cozy, non-pretentious spot.Ǿ
The Woods in Rocky River!  VERY disappointed! 

My sister and I had met to open the cards left in memory of our brothers recent passing, then 2 more friends met us for dinner and drinks. The smiling, schmoozing owner? had stopped at our table a couple of times earlier, but we were insulted as we winding down our evening when he came over and said: "If you are done, would you mind leaving, as I have reservations waiting to be seated." WOW! Such unprofessionalism and poor manners! We had just spent over $ 200 for dinner and drinks among the 4 of us. We loved our waitress Lexie and the food was OK, but the owner was ruthless with his UNdiplomatic demeanor! We were all highly offended and will never return to this location now! He needs to attend etiquette school to learn how to deal with people, especially when asking good paying customers to give up their tables after they are done eating (we were still nursing our cocktails and each of us had been served multiple times)! BTW, there were empty tables when we left. We are all professional business women in our 60's and were not misbehaving.Ǿ
Good food,  long wait,  poor excuses. 

Summary: The food was very good, but the wait for it was too long (35-40 minutes for our main course).  The manager came over on her own accord to "apologize", for the wait, but she was cold and almost insulting. Since the supply of good Italian food is greater than the demand in my area, I don't find it worthwhile to come back. 

First off:
I've been to plenty of restaurants and have written my share of reviews.  The one thing that really shifts my gears is when a restaurant,  which has habitually long wait times for food,  doesn't bother to listen to their customer reviews on this subject.  This is especially bothersome when the restaurant can easily log into a free service, like this one, and gather consensus on areas of improvement. Negative publicity in the food business costs money!

Now, on to the experience. Upon arriving,  I was initially a bit intrigued by the premise of a restaurant named "The Woods."  Being shortly after Halloween,  images of ghosts, goblins, and ghouls merged together in my mind with a blend of the Little Red Riding Hood and Robin Hood stories. This restaurant must have a dedicated theme with a name like "The Woods", right?
Wrong.  
Upon walking in,  I saw what appeared to be a family-style Italian restaurant, as I witnessed many Italian dishes on customers' tables.  The place looked pretty nondescript, until I made my way to the hostess located in the bar area.  The bar is setup like a hunting lodge, complete with various big-game animals mounted on the walls.  My party was informed that we had a 30 minute wait.  Since this was a Saturday night during restaurant week, this was expected. (we called ahead for reservations, but the restaurant only takes reservations for parties of 6 or more,  and we only had 4 people).

We has some drinks and were seated about 30 minutes later.  As we walked to our table, I noticed that some of the booths were actually old church pews.  This was a bit odd, as those normally aren't synonymous with the woods.  I did notice a poster on the wall of Robin Hood, though.  The Alice in Chains playing over the restaurant speakers threw me off even more from their supposed restaurant in the woods theme.

We ordered appetizers and our drinks and we received them pretty quickly and everything was great. We were happy enough, until about a half hour went by and we still hadn't received our main courses. The waitress came by and apologized, but her excuse was one that she should not have used. She said "I'm sorry for the wait, but there's a few large parties in front of you, so we're getting your food out as soon as possible."  It didn't sit well with me, but I accepted it.  Our food came out about ten minutes later, and the waitress again apologized, using the same excuse as before. She said she was sending the manager over to talk to us.

We began eating and the food was great! Everyone was happy with what they ordered, and we all ordered different things.  A lady approached our table, who I assume was the manager, and asked if everything was okay.  I said, "everything's great, but the food came out a little too slowly."  She said,  "well you had a few large parties ahead of you." She sounded irritated, like she was inconvenienced to come over to our table. We never asked for her in the first place, and I would have been fine had the manager not come over and said what she said, in the way she said it.  She could have said virtually anything else, and it would have passed. Stating that larger parties were ahead of us implies that we were a lower priority than the larger parties. Had she said that they were simply busy due to restaurant week, I'd have been fine.  She even sounded irritated on top of it!

We never asked our waitress to send the manager over.  If she wanted the manager to apologize, that sounded like an earnest good-faith effort on her part to apologize on behalf of the establishment for the long wait for our food. What the manager actually did was slightly offend us with her cold demeanor and poor excuse that further facilitated us to feel more uncomfortable.  If this were my restaurant, I'd have apologized for the wait being longer than usual due to the special event, and would have thrown in a free dessert to share or something. That kind of behavior makes customers feel appreciated, and keeps them coming back. 

I wrote this review only because of our experience with the manager.  This should emphasize that the customer experience truly is a major part of whether people come back or run for the hills.  Like I said, the food was good.  However, there's plenty of other Italian restaurants that also have good food. I'll find one that has good food and also makes their customers feel appreciated. Had that experience with the manager been positive, I'd come back again. 

I hope that they start reading their reviews and take some stock in them.  It might help people want to come back for multiple visits.Ǿ
This place is not good. Our server has zero personality. Got to at least smile and pretend you don't hate life to earn my tip. Anyways I got chicken Marsala- nothing about this dish is Marsala. The gravy is light brownish/grey and tasted like all flower. Mushrooms, 100% canned. The chicken, this is a kicker, no joke chicken cutlets straight from a freezer bag. What the hell??? All served with plain pasta noodles. So freaking gross that I wouldn't waste my time going back to try anything else.Ǿ
Amazing service!! The food is delicious! This is my new favorite Italian restaurant!!!Ǿ
We had a dinner for 10 people, to celebrate my nephew visiting from AZ.  It was the only restaurant to take reservations on Black Friday.  From the moment we arrived, it was a wonderful experience!  Our waitress was the best!  We got friendly and fast service.  The food was amazing!  Everyone loved the food.  We will for sure go back.  This place will be a favorite!Ǿ
Casual & friendly with a uniquely styled dining room.  Food is simple, tasty, and well prepared.  A great place to swing into for a relaxed lunch, dinner, or a get together with friends , and/or family.  The woods is a much better, and more interesting alternative to boring chain restaurants.  Their service and food is definitely superior to those sort of places.  You'll be happy you stepped away from those humdrum chain establishments, and stepped into The Woods.Ǿ
We tried this restaurant last weekend during Cleveland restaurant week. For $33 we had bread, soup/salad and 2 entrees and an appitizer. I had the Chicken Parm which was very good and my gf had the Salmon and we shared Calimari. I was suprised how large the portions were! Her Salmon filet was HUGE! My Chicken Parm was 2 large chicken filets with pasta.

I had the chicken Pepper Pot soup instead of a salad and it was amazing! I'm going to try to start making it at home it was so good. We got a great deal because it was restaurant week but, the the normal prices are pretty average, the portions are huge and the food was very good. Since then we have been back 3 more times and each time we had a similar experience. You really need to try their Crab Stuffed Portabello Mushrooms!!! Out of this world good, my gf has been craving them ever since we tried them. 

Great menu, full bar with a decent beer selection...great everything. My first time here will not be my last. I think its my new favorite restaurant in Rocky River. 5 stars!Ǿ
It's been a while since I've dined in at The Woods, but I try to stop by from time to time to pick up an order of their Baked Artichoke Dip, which has a nice jalapeno kick.  It's one of the best artichoke dips I've ever had.  In the past, I've really enjoyed their specialty pizzas as well.

About a month ago, I was surprised to have my first mediocre experience with The Woods.  My Caprese salad was just okay (the mozzarella could have been much fresher) and very modest, and my beloved artichoke dip seemed to be lacking some flavor, and was in a smaller portion than usual as well.  Hopefully it was just a fluke, and I hope that the next time I order, things will be back to the high bar the restaurant has set for itself.Ǿ
Service is not very good, servers seem VERY rushed, not at all personable. 
Calamari was drenched in garlic oil of some sort, nonetheless good. But less is more. 
Ordered a pizza, it was an ok pizza. But doughy as all get out, keep it in longer. 
The wait was 10 min + but went quickly. 
The decor doesn't fit the name and is on the menu. Cramped!
Bartender, she needs to be a bit more friendly! I'd come back for another try but clearly by reading reviews, the service needs to be addressed!Ǿ
Drove by this place a few times and thought it looked cool so the wifey and I stopped in.  It's nice inside but we were very let down with the food.  Maybe we had a bad chef or something but my Calzone had a LOT of mushrooms in it, completely overpowering the rest of the meal.  Couldn't taste the ricotta cheese at all.  I was not impressed with it in the least.
The wife got walleye, which is one of her favorite dishes.  It came without any seasoning whatsover, other than breading, and why would you bread a fish like that and then not even put salt on it?  On top of that, the filet was loaded with bones that she had to pick around.
Otherwise, service was nice, clientelle was fun and nice, they had a trivia night going on which seemed fun.  But in terms of eating there again, not gonna happen.Ǿ
I really LIKE 'The Woods'!  There is a reason places like this have been around for decades. When I moved to NE Ohio about 20 years ago, my wife (who grew up in Rocky River and swore by 'The Woods') used to take me here often.  Especially for their regionally famous, fantastic pizza!  Fast forward to our having a child, and our lives getting way busier, and presently a 10 year old who is very picky about eating.  So for the past decade or so, our dining options have been very limited by default, and we never came back to this establishment until yesterday!  And I am glad we did!  Our daughter is now 10, and is into trying new places, and she loved her chicken tender strips with fries and celery sticks.  Now, mind you, getting her to eat veggies is 'like pulling teeth', so we were absolutely thrilled that she enjoyed celery sticks for the first time!  My wife liked her Chicken Parm, and I enjoyed the somewhat tasty pizza.  My only gripe would be that I wish the crust was crispier (it was a bit soft), and I wish they didn't change their pizza recipe!  Years ago, I distinctly remember their pizza to be a larger, thinner, and crispier 'NY style' pizza that was seriously in contention for being in the Top 3 best for all of the metro Cleveland area!  That pizza was 'to die for'!  PLEASE bring that style pizza back and i'll give this place '5 stars'!  Moving on, I liked the fact that they brought bread rolls and butter to your table, and our server Stacey was awesome.  And lastly, I love the classic 'old school' decor with the re-purposed church pews, and the classic rock piped in!  We will be back soon!Ǿ
First of all, what woods is this restaurant behind? That's my first unanswered question. It's located across the street from a strip mall with Giant Eagle. Its parking lot is a confusing, one-way, cobblestone zigzag.

Confusion continued as we entered this place, for the first time after passing by it on a regular basis for 20 years, on the advice of a relative. There are two different entrances, both narrow, that take you to really claustrophobic, cluttered hallways. One will take you inside the restaurant; from there, you will have to walk around the place and down some stairs to be seated. The other entrance will lead you to the bar, with barely any room to walk through the crowd of middle-aged Rocky Riverans to the hostess stand. The hostess was running around like a madwoman, trying to direct traffic in this wacky labyrinth of a place.

The decor is just as confusing. What kind of place is this? A steakhouse? A comfort food place? An Italian cafe? Our booth featured a frame photograph of a little boy in his bed - nothing whimsical or meaningful about it, and no explanation for it. Across from us, the hostess seated two businessmen who were obviously there for a meeting, at a table in a tiny corner. They were seated so awkwardly, in such an odd place, that their server had to converse with them and pass food over a railing from downstairs.

Our server was totally lacking in warmth and personality. "You's want more to drink?" Ugh.

However, the food was, by far, our biggest disappointment. I ordered the Tuscan Trio, which was comprised of a piece of lasagna, a piece of eggplant parmesan and a piece of chicken parmesan. All of it was slathered in a very thick, bland sauce, and obviously coated with cheese and put under a salamander to dry everything out and burn it - except the eggplant, which got all soggy. My companion ordered the Shrimp Salvatore entree, which had about four pieces of bacon-wrapped, crab-stuffed shrimp, served over a fettucine with "herbed tomato alfredo sauce." He thought the shrimp were OK, but the pasta had no flavor whatsoever. For about $18 per entree (with no soup or salad, and only one unremarkable roll each), we were not very pleased with our Friday night out. My husband barely touched his food and we stopped for something else to eat on the way home. Honestly, we'd have fared better at the Olive Garden. We won't be back. And I will never take restaurant recommendations from this particular relative again.

If you are in the area and want GOOD Italian food, head around the corner to Dominic's Santos instead. 

And a note to the manager/owner who keeps commenting on people's negative reviews here: You are not doing yourself any favors when you make excuses and say, "sorry you were so offended."Ǿ
The woods is definitely one of the best places to go for a nice sit down dinner after a long day. There is usually a healthy waiting time for your food, but when it arrives it pays off. I would suggest a chicken florentine, which is one of my favorite dishes there. I also like the salads there for their portions. The pizza is pretty good for me, but it has a different sauce than many other places. Some people love it more than others. The service is very good, the owner posted his phone number for people to call for comments or concerns. The restaurant itself is laid out very oddly, but it's almost like an adventure to explore. I would definitely suggest a visit.Ǿ
Went on a date, a horrible awkward date, that I would wish to erase from my memory if it were not for the good food I encountered at The Woods. The decor is a bit odd, but it's comfortable place to meet up at. The staff is friendly as well so that always helps. 

First off, if you're on a date I suggest a place that serves wine. In my case, I wish I had had a whole bottle. Beforehand. 

The food:
*Sausage Stuffed Peppers - Not hot as advertised but still tasty. You could probably chop it up, add some rice, and make stuffed pepper soup out of it. Or just throw it on top of rigatoni mmm. 
*Rigatoni Ala Vodka - The meat was spicy and the sauce a perfect mixture of tomatoes and cream. Definitely would get this again!
*Chicken Parmigiana - Meh, nothing special. 

Don't forget a side of cheesy garlic bread to mop up all of the sauce. Also good for stuffing your mouth when you're trying to avoid conversing with your date.  

I'll be back, but for take out, because I'd rather sit at home with my cat than go out with this dud again.Ǿ
The Woods is a philosophical conundrum for me, since it's everything I theoretically should want in a restaurant.  It's local, and proudly so.  It's anti-chain restaurant, which being a hipster Portlandia aspirant, I adore.  It's a beautiful place to sit, with a lush welcoming architecture that's somehow comforting.  

But the food is so mundane I just can't fall in love.  

There's nothing notably awful about The Woods, but they have the style of Italian that seems to be "put more cheese on it," and the tomato sauce I had has been invariably bland.  It feels somewhat like a remnant from the 1980s to me, back when Italian food had nothing to do with Italy and everything to do with what Americans expected Italy to be like.  

They have huge portions, the kind you take home afterwards in a sagging doggy bag.  And it's quite edible.  But for what you get, I'd expect the meals to be $1-3 less per entree, as it feels a little by-the-numbers.  There are no surprises.  

Then again, I also feel like a dick for writing that, because hey, The Woods is a Rocky River institution.  It's been here since I moved here twelve years ago, and probably will be here after I die.  So who am I to tar it?  

It's solid for what it does.  I just kind of wish it did more, but it's ensconced, and the formula is clearly winning for them even if it's not winning for me.  So hey.  Give it a shot.  Maybe you can spark a romance here.Ǿ
Sadly, I cannot rate the restaurant on their food. You see, a friend and I went to eat there for lunch yesterday and we ended up waiting by the door for 15 minutes without so much as seeing a host or hostess. Not only that, but the one patron we could see was looking around for staff the entire time as well. He had an empty glass and am empty bowl, but no service. Just as we were leaving, he finally got up to try and find someone. I'm not sure if he was successful or not, but I have a limit on long I'll wait to be greeted by anyone. 

It's also rather funny that right by the door they have a poster with a complaint line number AND a complaint box. Hard to do either, if you cant even get seated in the first place.

If I can't even be seated to eat your food, I consider that one star service.Ǿ
Moved from Fairview Park to the east side a few years back.  One of the beloved things we no longer can appreciate is The Woods Restaurant.  Great atmosphere, great food, great staff.  This place has it all.  Whenever we find ourselves on the west side, we always end up back at The Woods.  Just a great place to hang out and enjoy some cold beverages and great food!Ǿ
There are little places you pass buy and think, "Boy, I'd like to stop there sometime because it looks interesting." Well, we finally did and it was well worth it. 

The Woods Restaurant in Rocky River on Center Ridge Road is a very atmospheric, interesting place. It's menu is mostly Italian fare with some burgers, soups, salads and a nice selection of appetizers. Their eggplant parmigiana is the best I've had in a long time, and my wife had a crab ravioli that was both generous in portion and taste. 

The restaurant itself is done in deep grain woods with lots of frosted glass windows inside and the benches in the booths are made of classic old church pews. The decor is wonderful and warm. The prices are about mid-range, so it's not cheap, but good food never is. Out back is their party center, In The Woods, which does catering for all sorts of events as well. 

When you feel like going somewhere comfortable for drinks, good food and good atmosphere, I'd say head to The Woods, but don't worry about getting lost.Ǿ
We waited 30 minutes for a table just for my boyfriend's ribs to be burnt to unedible charcoal and my pasta to be served in a dirty bowl (dried up noodle stuck to the outside). The manager was polite and comp'ed our check but we will not be visiting this resturant again. Prices are high for the lack of quality they serve.Ǿ
The Woods is long on atmosphere, so long that we tend to forget that it's not completely kitschy. Had dinner there tonight with a couple friends, and was reminded that this is a decent Italian eatery. 

We had the appetizer platter to split among the four of us, and the chicken strips were very tasty, as was the calimari. The brushetta went untouched, though, because it was so thickly piled with...stuff...that it looked unappetizing. The artichoke dip was tasty: not so lost in gooey cheese as to be greasy. A definite winner.

The kitchen served me the best Chicken Marsala I've ever eaten. Just sweet enough, no heavy sauce, beautifully cooked chicken breast. The Chicken Florentine and Chicken Parmesan that others had were also good, but I think my Marsala won hands down.

The restaurant is quite cozy, and the temperature control could have used a wee bit more control: I alternated between a bit sweaty and shivers. But the staff was friendly and helpful, and our dining experience pleasant.Ǿ
The food was decent, but not great.  The atmosphere is ok, but outdated.  I gave it 3 stars instead of 2 because the service was really good.Ǿ
Total DISAPOINTMENT! I called at 4-4:30 to ask about specials.  I placed and order and told them I would pick it up at 6pm.  I called back at 5:40 and asked them to add a desert.  I show up and was greeted promptly and in a friendly manner.  The phone rang and the associate very politely excused himself to answer it.  To my surprise he didn't ask if they could please hold, but instead started taking their order!  I continued to watch my food get cold.  After several minutes I told him I would like my food before it became even colder.  He didn't acknowledge me and another young man (also polite)me over to ask if he could help me.  I told him the same thing.  I did not yell, I tried to be very polite and reasonable.  I asked to see the manager.  When I explained that I walked in to pay for my food and the phone rang, I was not being taken care of.  He exploded and told me they had to take their order just like when I called.  I told hime when I called if someone had asked me to hold, I would have.  I also told him I live right down the street and that it's polite to take care of the person physically in front of you.  He exploded, yelled, and kept repeating the same thing.  I asked him if he realized his attitude would him my business and he told me I called him a idiot (which I didn't) and continued to be rude including the fact that it was now 6:10 and I should have been here at 6.  This is the rudest treatment I have ever received!  He asked me if I wanted my food and I said yes and I'll wait for it to be remade so it is hot.  He said he had a better idea and told me just to take my food(now cold), and he would just comp it.  Like he was doing me some sort of favor.  I was shocked and appalled.  I hope someone lets him know that without repeat local business it will be hard to stay open in this economy.Ǿ
Just went here for dinner.  I had been here many, many years ago and remembered it was quite good.  Unfortunately today's experience was not so.  The worse part about the experience was probably our waitress. She really couldn't care less if we were her guests or spent money at this restaurant.  She wasn't rude, but really short with us, and she wasn't busy and we are always extremely nice as we work in the same type of business.
I got my more or less flat Coke and decided not to bother to complain.  My side salad looked a little sad, not the freshest lettuce.  We also had the French onion soup.  It was excellent but unfortunately loaded with pepper.  Now, I like spicy food, but this was really more of a pepper soup  with onions.  Shame that.  I had the sampler dish with lasagna, eggplant and veal parmesan.  The eggplant was absolutely great, the veal parmesan tasty and the lasagna pretty decent.  My wife had the chicken parmesan, she really liked it.
All in all, it was average.  Considering the price and the lousy service, I'm going to rate it two stars (I would rate it 2.5 if I could). It's a shame.  Like someone else said, this could be the perfect little place, but not with this staff and some food being below par.Ǿ
We grew up on their pizza, which still ranks among the best on our top 5 list.  However, we recently stopped in as my mom wanted to try their other entrees.  She got the Sicilian trio and I tried the Shrimp Salvatore (one of their signature dishes).  We were both very disappointed.  Totally overpriced to start with.  The Shrimp Salvatore came with 4 shrimp wrapped in bacon.  The bacon was so under cooked, it just killed the dish.  $18.95?  Seriously?  My mom was very disappointed in her dish as well.  The eggplant Parmesan, lasagna and veal parm were not up to par with other the many Italian restaurants in Cleveland and surrounding suburbs.  It's too bad as we have fond memories of eating here years ago.  Other than the pizza (and even that - they've raised the prices but are skimpier on the toppings), we won't be going back.Ǿ
For all of the terrific specials like steak night, half priced wine night or half priced pizza night The Woods remains the best damn traditional pizza on the West Side of Cleveland every day!  

Even after a disappointing Brown's home opener, a pizza on their patio with a glass of good wine makes it all good again!  

Remember - friends don't let friends eat at chain restaurants !!Ǿ
Our experience here was excellent. Our server, Debi, was pleasant, quick and knowledgeable. My husband ordered the shrimp Salvatore pasta. It was a healthy portion, with scrumptious bacon-wrapped shrimp, and very flavorful.  I had the chicken piccata, which was very nicely done and tasty. I could have actually made a meal out of the salad and bread, however. SOOO good. Bread was perfect; lightly crisp outside and soft and delicious inside, served with very good herbed butter. The salad was incredibly fresh. Bright, crisp, vivid vegetables and perfectly portioned, and the homemade poppy seed dressing was simply out-of-this-world! It was my first time here in about 15 years. I won't wait that long again to return!Ǿ
I'm a fan. I started going here when i was in elementary school. I came for the pizza (which is still darn good), and over the years I've been delighted with many of their dishes. I find it a nice value as well.Ǿ
Good food and service. Gail is a pro behind the bar and is friendly. Great happy hour!Ǿ
We went here on New Years Eve and what a way to start the year off right! The service was attentive but not smothering. We had a bit of a wait but that's to be expected.

This place is like a music box, it's hard to describe - there are nooks and crannies, a steep back staircase, weirdly wonderful decor. To me the atmosphere was almost as entertaining as the food.

But the food was the best Italian I've ever had. The pasta primavera was amazing. The bread was soft and delectable. The wine was just sweet enough. I can't wait to treat myself to this place again.Ǿ
Great atmosphere for watching a game or hanging out with family or friends. Everything on the menu is delicious- especially the pizza! Good selection of draft beers and desserts.Ǿ
Perfect choice for our party!  We wanted a private building that offered space to spread out; but not separate, with outdoor space, & of course the food was equally important. Behind the Woods gave us all those features with an attentive staff! The food is prepared fresh onsite & was truly delicious!!Ǿ
I've been here a few times although not recently.  The service has always been friendly.  The food always delivers.  I've had their pizza and a grilled salmon dish.  Both are great!  But what's truly great about this restaurant is the atmosphere.  It is very relaxing and the stylistically the owners are quite tasteful.  I recommend this restaurant.  It is good.Ǿ
Visited The Woods last week thanks to a discounted gift certificate I found through Yelp. We were taken to a booth and immediately decided to sit at the bar. The decor and style of the restaurant needs much updating. We felt very out of place. On the bright side, the pizza was delicious and the bar specials not too shabby. Glad we visited, but won't return.Ǿ
Unique layout of main restaurant and the private party building.  The food is very good.  I had the $10 10 Oz steak special Thursday.  Delicious and served quickly.

Small bar and they need to renovate the parking lot.Ǿ
I have to drag hubby to this place so I can quit feeling guilty having lunch with the gal pals here. Definately his kind of place comfy booths sociable waitstaff good food and drink especially for the $ Great Soups!!Ǿ
The food was absolutely perfect. Our meal more than met our expectations. I had the perch and it was delicious. She had the pasta with vodka or something like that. She gave me a bite and I became a fan. We had an appetizer of shrimp wrapped in bacon. It was perfect! Our server, Amber was an absolute delight. If it weren't for the  quality food. We'd probably return just fort the  ambiance alone. Lol. I recommend dining here.Ǿ
The sign out front claims "West Side's Finest Italian" -- and although I think Pepper's in Lakewood is more fit to carry that title, our two visits to The Woods turned out decent food and a likewise decent experience.  I'll first describe the place itself, and then I'll move on to the food.

What you first notice is this restaurant has levels.  You walk in, go through a hallway to the hostess station, and then you can either sit at the bar or head up a small flight of stairs to the main sitting area (I'm not sure if it's handicap-accessible, but I'm sure in this day and age they have to have some sort of ADA-compliant access).  The seats in the booths are made out of cushioned church pews, and it's dimly lit.  The wait service is good.  No complaints at all to that end.

They also have a small event venue behind the restaurant, named (fittingly) "Behind the Woods."  It can apparently accommodate 150 guests for a cocktail type party.  I've never been inside, but now I'm wishing I'd at least looked at it for a possible wedding reception venue!

So what about the food?

First, check their nightly specials.  They have some great deals going on so be sure to ask (the Sunday we went was half-off select pasta dishes)!  However, the pasta seems more Italian-American instead of what I tend to think of as real Italian.  I mean, it's pasta, there are meatballs...but it's nothing Old World.  I haven't tried a "Sandwooch" or a burger, but judging from the more Americanized plates we have ordered, I'd be thrilled if one day they did a complete 180 and started serving full-on American cuisine.  I could totally see them pulling it off.  For example, the last time we went, the soup of the day was a cream of chicken and rice, and it was really good.  They didn't skimp on the chicken, which impressed me.  It was a great rice-to-cream ratio, and I didn't need any seasoning, really.  The artichoke dip we ordered had a lot more vegetables in it than we anticipated -- although I don't know why we didn't anticipate them, it says what's in it right on the menu.  Anyway, what I'm getting at is it wasn't your typical artichoke dip.  It wasn't very "dippy" at all -- probably something you'd describe as "different, but good!"  There were artichokes of course, but also red onions and peppers, if I remember correctly.  And the whole dish was covered in delicious melted cheese.  They serve it with what they call "Italian flatbread chips."  They basically tasted like very thin, uber delicious pizza crust triangles.

However, after saying all of this, my pasta entree was just okay...not what I think of as the "finest."  I had the ravioli last time and it was cooked really well - a genuine toothy al dente, just how I like it.  It was the meat sauce and meat ball that I thought were just a tad bland.  Nothing to complain about, just not worth the hype.  

Don't get me wrong, we'll definitely go back (for the specials alone).  Maybe next time I'll try a burger.  It's a fun Sunday night out for sure.Ǿ
I'm not sure how this place has four stars because the food is not good.  I've eaten here twice now and both times were disappointing.  The menu lacks variety and creativity but even the basics are bland and tasteless.  I'm all for supporting local businesses but you have to put out a good product.  We spent $40 on an appetizer, soup, small pizza and meatball sub so the prices aren't even a good deal.  The only thing I enjoyed about our dinner were the rolls served with the garlic butter.  As for the atmosphere, it's not my style...it's dark, cramped and has too many creepy animal heads.  This place needs a major makeover, including the menu!!  The only positive thing I have to say about The Woods is the wait staff is very nice and efficient.Ǿ
We went there really late one night after a movie. My calzone was just phenomenal. Girlfriends chicken dish was equally good. Waitress Jacqui was amazingly helpful and friendly for such a late hour. We saw so many good things on the menu we will have to got back at least 6 times to have tried everything that looked good. Dunno if I can break away from the calzone at this point though because it was the best I've ever eaten. I mean we are talking about a calzone that was the size of a baby full edge to edge with pepperoni and delicious melted mozerella/riccota. My mouth is watering just typing this.Ǿ
I was looking forward to eating at The Woods for the first time and was happy to see open tables when I arrived.  I then met the host (owner?) and was surprised to find out that there was a "10" minute wait.  I was more surprised as tables of 4,6, and 8 were sat before me and my wife, none of which had reservations.

We sat at a high top to wait (longer) at which time the bartender threw down a couple drinks.  No conversation, just attitude.

As 10 minutes has become 30 minutes, we said hey, let's sit at the bar.  Upon sitting down, "Are you ready to order?  Did you tell the host???" The bartender retorted.  "Um, yes, and no, sorry."  "What do you want?!"  Ok, ok.  My wife and I ordered as if questioned by the soup nazi as the bartender ran away.  

We started with the homemade bread which was VERY good, my wife had a salad which good outside of, you know, having lettuce in it.  I had a pizza with sausage and mushrooms which was fine:  the sausage was good, the dough was undercooked.

Truly terrible service + ok food = 1 star.Ǿ
My sister took my cousin and me to dinner here last night for our birthdays. We really enjoyed it. On Mondays they offer bottles of wine for 1/2 price. We were easily able to agree on the Pinot Grigio (I don't recall the vintner, but it was Italian), which was incredibly clean. We then shared the Artichoke Dip (okay, the bread provided was a bit over toasted), and the Caprese salad (excellent, the basil was so fresh). We then each ordered an entree (Lasagna, Rigatoni ala vodka, and Shrimp Salvatore). My sister and cousin ordered house salads as well ($1.95 with an entree), and I was sorry that I had not. The salads were quite large and looked delicious. We also partook of hot rolls with an herbed whipped butter. We all took about 1/2 of our entrees home, so the portions were generous. Everything was really good, and despite that we were there during the tornado warnings, we had a lovely time. We'll definitely return, perhaps not together, but we were all fans.Ǿ
This place is a great place to get away and change scenery at....food is excellent and the prices are not that low, but the quality of food is exceptional.Ǿ
Three strikes-we're never eating here again...1) there was a piece of paper/garbage in the appetizer which was a strange chunky under- cooked artichoke dip covered in a thick layer of cheddar cheese 2)  there was a small bone in the boneless chicken that my dining companion bit into 3) there was a plastic looking chunk in the pasta w clams and seafood- which in all fairness could have been a shrimp fin, but we were just too wary after the other surprises... At this point we called for the manger who said "I was already on my way over" as she approached the table. She did give us 20% off the order, but the food was mediocre and our appetites lost so the visit was a complete waste.