Awesome Chaat Paapri and Samosas! The name is very deceiving though, since there are hardy any Bengali items.  A few sweets maybe , that also did not look authentic. Most of the items are from North Indian  cuisine , which is not at all like Bengali cuisine!Ǿ
Bengali Sweets is a small Indian vegetarian take out restaurant specialising in sweets and simple vegetarian fare.  Normally when I hear the word  "vegetarian" I run away from it like the plague as I'm a full blooded meat eater, but when it comes to Indian I'm totally down for it!

They have hot tables where you can order some really good thali plates as well as chaat platters but for me the main draw are the sweets.  The Bengal region of India is known for having the best sweets and the ones here are fantastic!

The jalebis, ragulla, gulab jamon, rasmalai etc... are all really good here.  Sweet, fresh and delicious!  Yes you will need to get your insulin ready as you will go into diabetic shock, but hey that is why they call them "sweets" not "bitters" right???  Haha!!

The place is really small and has a couple of tables so its more of a take out place.  Overall a solid place for some vegetarian Indian fare!Ǿ
I use to go to mainstream Samosa places to get my samosas. Then I found this hidden gem in Scarborough and I feel blessed! After trying out their samosas, I have made orders after orders. And when you order food for catering to others, it really represents you and your personality. So thanks to their delicious samosas, I have earned such positive feedback. Every one that have tried their samosas through my orders have provided great feedback about their food. This is a great feeling and I am going to order food from them going forward!Ǿ
Truly 3.5 stars.  Great flavour, fresh food and love the dessert.  This plaza is packed with so much variety forcing everyone to compete not only in price but offering us/ spoiling us with some very nice food selections.  
There is a few tables but really catered for office lunch and not a family meal.  There is a washroom (albeit) unmarked.  The order counter is quick and efficient in taking your order and preparing it in record time.  Nice place for a quick (little messy) bite... be prepared to use your hands and tuck in as the only silverware is a spoon to use.Ǿ
Good food. Reasonably priced. Service with a smile. Definitely going back. So glad they opened a Scarborough location.Ǿ
Went there for takeout. Sweets only.

It was the best Indian sweets I have ever had.  They were very fresh, moist and not overly sweet.  I wish I took more pieces.  Very inexpensive. 

Small place. Service was friendly.  Did not try any other food there.Ǿ
The most delicious Bangali Rasgula in the East GTA! Usually we have to go to Brampton find good ones. They're Samosas are also pretty good as well.Ǿ
Excellent catering; Food very palatable, Indian naan good but with some room for improvement. Seemingly heart healthy on a macro scale.Not spicy We had take-out and the dinner was approved by all. Restaurant seating was limited