Lori makes the best bloody Mary's and my husband keeps going back for more.  Everything is great here.  Good food, good atmosphere, and close to my place.  Don't really go out as much as I used to but this place is very low key and the cooks know what they are doing.  I like the fact that it is an older crowd and ordering food to,go is not that big of a hassle.  Everyday there is a a special and on Thursdays it's the best because they can take the corned beef and make you a Reuben.  Good breakfast specials as well and you can either sit at the bar or one of their comfy booths.  It's so good in fact that almost every time I walk in there is either a small crowd or cops on their lunch break enjoying a sandwich.  All in all, great food, good beer, and Lori's bloody Mary's.Ǿ
I have eaten at several locations around the valley and this one is no different. Slow and inconsistent service, over cooked food, and the atmosphere of a dungeon. 
I ordered the fish and chips, which were reasonably well priced at $9.99. After waiting for the cook to fly to the coast and catch my fish, I finally got my order (about 25 minutes), I got a plate of over cooked, dark brown batter balls. The fries were cooked well but the fish looked and smelled like it had been cooked in grease that was a month old. The batter was very thick and the fish inside was VERY dry. Dipping the fish in Tatar sauce, I was able to eat a piece of fish but could not do any more than that.
Overall, NOT a good place to eat. Bad service, bad food, and a bad atmosphere. 0 for 3. Try it for yourself and kick yourself later or read my words and avoid a bad meal and bad experience.Ǿ
I eat the Village Pub a few times a week and just LOVE the food, hands down best burger in town! My other favorites Include the wings, BLT, and their breakfast is awesome as well. You can't beat the price for the quality, great lunch specials and happy hour specials! The best part is the staff, they are all so wonderful, it's my favorite restaurant on the eastside!Ǿ
2 ships for the unique interior.  Ships adorn the walls and you can sit comfortably in one of the several red pleather booths.  If I was to dine here again, I definitely would have parked my rear in the bar.  That place was semi packed with locals enjoying an early dinner and beverages.Ǿ
Cheap cheap and cheap! The average beer of their brew brand is $3.50!! The menu of food looked tasty too but we didn't order any. If you are looking for a hip and fun environment this isn't the place. It is a chill local spot with cheap drinks and friendly service.Ǿ
Open 24/7 with Ribs available every day? What more could you want?Ǿ
Would not recommend anyone go here. The manager "Annetta" is a complete and utter cow. Rude, pushy, and when asked for a way to contact her superiors over her attitude, she became extremely belligerent. I had to actually contact another location to find out how to get in touch with "Annetta"'s boss. 

The woman pitched a fit on myself and my fiance for disagreeing with her opinion that the smoking ban is a horrible thing that will crush all restaurant business in Nevada. She informed me that I've OBVIOUSLY never worked in the industry (which is false) and that I had no right to say that eating in a pub/restaurant is better without people blowing cigarette smoke all over, and that it's "People like you who cause 3500 servers a month to lose their job in Las Vegas.". 

She also allows her regular customers to flaunt the ban and smoke anyway.

When asking if they had any drink specials, the waitress (not Annetta) was very kind and polite, however after I ordered a drink, Annetta had to pipe up "You ask about specials and all you order is a F*&$ing Heineken? Jesus!" 

Unfortunately nothing was done about this woman last I checked. Steer clear of the place and that wretched woman's attitude.Ǿ
Well, about 10 minutes after our arrival we finally got our server. 

I feel the bartender was far to interested in her patrons at the bar to be bothered with even mentioning our server would be with us shortly and if we even wanted a menu. This, Lori (bartender) seems to lack the full spectrum of customer service.

We received our server who was pleasant and did apologize for the wait. 

We ordered the Fish n' Chips and each got ice tea. 

The ice tea, was amazing. Fresh, not too strong nor was it week. Very refreshing. 

The fish and chips, while yes they were not light and golden as they should be, they did not taste like old over used oil. The fish itself was light, flaky and beautiful in color no fishy odder but did have a slight fishy taste. I thought it was me but my lunch partner also noticed. The chips are nice country cut potatoes fresh out of the fryer and were as tasty as to be expected from French fries. 

Outside of the wait to be addressed and the slight off taste of the Fish not a bad experience per se. I Will although continue to visit the Sunset location.Ǿ
A great place to hang out gamble have wonderful food and socialize. The bartenders are always great and generous with the drinks. They weekly daily specials are always a great deal. They are so large you can easily split them with a second person.Ǿ
well, i went back with a friend today for steak and eggs. i was this time pleasantly surprised when the manager, davin, came over to our table and apologized profusely for the previous mishap. i assured him that i would not discount the excellent service received in past for the shortcomings of one poor employee. when our check came, there was no check - just a note saying "we love you & appreciate you! thanks for returning." now that gives you a little glow, right? that genuine expression more than rectifies. i am pleased to correct my evaluation to be representative   of the entirety of the staff, not just one bad actor. selah.Ǿ
Ribs. Ribs ribs ribs ribs. Ribs on ribs on ribs. Guess what u go here u order the ribs u win. I like the ribs here because they r the best. They come from the mother ship restaurant Ellis island which has horrible customer service but we're talking about the village pub on Pecos and east flamingo where Kelly serves with a smile.Ǿ
I went pt's pub first. I played video poker for $1.25 per hand for over an hour. After losing $100, I changed my betting amount to 50 cents per hand. When I changed my betting amount to below $1 per hand, they started charging me for my beers. On top of that, they didn't have a kitchen to order food and they suggested I order from the pizza place next door. I settled up my tab and left. 

I decided to go Village Pub instead. This was a winner. The food was terrific, the machines were fair (I broke even) but most importantly, the service was exceptional. I need to mention my bartenders Lori and Kelly were terrific. Both of them were extremely friendly and attentive. 

I'm in town for march madness with a bunch of friends and I plan on taking the fellas to village pub for a few drinks. 

If you ever have to choose between pt's or village pub, go with village pub. They remind me of the old vegas. They take care of the customer and offer fair comps without nickel and diming you to death.Ǿ
We have not been to the Village Pub in years since we used to have a friend that worked in the kitchen and I must say the service is top notch and the food is as good and cheap as it was.  We tried Village Pub two days in a row as were had to be in the area both mornings.
Both meals were great and right at $20 for the 3 of us.  OF course Ignacio loves his breakfast so both mornings he stuck with a straight forward eggs & meat.  Uriel on the first day had a Fantastic meatball sliders that came with 3 sliders and those fantastic steak fries.  I had a club sandwich that was loaded with meats a lot of bacon and the fixin's and again those great steak fries - hard to find those anymore.  On the 2nd days both guys had breakfast with a couple huge pancakes with eggs and meat.  I had one of the best BLT sandwiches I had had in a long time.  Again, they did not skimp on the bacon here.  The first day we were served by Taylor, a very nice waitress and the second day by The bartender - Evan, who was on the ball from the moment we walked in.  We look forward to making this a regular stop again as it has been a long time.Ǿ
Good food at great prices with friendly service. Open 24 hours. Check out specials on board at entranceǾ
Village Pub servers great food and at a reasonable price. However, this location seems to have problems with the service. They are slow and non-attentive. The only time that they seemed to remember us was to drop off the check, in the process ignoring the fact that our drinks were empty and that we were still eating our meal, and not even asking if we wanted something else (like desert). The location was also smoky as this location doesn't have a separate dinning area. Even though this location is close to our home we will be driving a little farther next time we want to go to Village Pub.Ǿ
This is a review about the Village Pubs Restaurants. I am writing in special reference to the Village Pub on Gipson Road in Henderson. I had been going to Village Pubs since the 1970's and loved there food. When I went to the Gipson Village Pub recently I experienced the waitress from HELL!  I was there with my family and we wanted to watch the NBA basketball games on the TV. I first asked the Hispanic waitress to put on the game and she said, "When I get around to it, you'll get it!"  After 5-10 min. waiting I went into the bar area and asked the barmaid to change the channel and was informed, "Your waitress will change it for you!"  So I sat down and waited and with 2 min. to go in our meal the waitress changed the channel, but it was not the basketball game! (another sport's channel) The waitress kept giving me dirty looks and I decided to speak to the Village Pub  management to find out why we were treated that way. I was informed by Danny (Management) that their pub had a priority to gamblers and  sports fans wanting to watch TV was secondary. I wasnot pleased with that answer and went to Ellis Island Casino the parent company of the Village Pubs. After trying to push my way into their corporate offices to speak to someone in charge I spoke to the new Marketing Manager and was assured she would look into the matter. I am now waiting weeks for an answer, but I hear nothing from Ellis Island Management. I guess I will take my sports dollars to another casino that appreciates their customers. We eat out every night for dinner and we spend a lot of money on food and drink. I guess Ellis Island / Village Pub wants only BIG gamblers and could care less about avid sports fans. GOODBYE VILLAGE PUBS!Ǿ
I had been here before once and had good service and goodd food.  I went on 9/8 by myself and had the CFS dinner.  The lady didn't introduce herself, didn't thank me when I left.  I did leave a tip also.  I think I will just stick to Ellis Island when they are not busy.  Don't get me wrong, the food was good, the staff was cold.Ǿ
Village pub is great. Their menu is basically American and Italian with some old english fish and chips thrown in the mix. They really do have the best fish and chips in town. They have daily lunch specials with great prices. I have never had a bad meal here. The other reviewer who gave a bad review to Anetta may have took things too personal. She is always happy and nice to everyone. She doesn't take any crap from idiots though so if you can dish it out be prepared to take it. She has never been mean to me and most of the regulars come there just for her.Ǿ
I sometimes would go in there after work. The bartender Connie is very rude. Food is cold and the wait time is ridiculous . I will not go back.Ǿ
Haven't been there in several years but decided to stop in for breakfast. Very Good and Great meal at A Great price. And didn't get his name but the server was excellent. Very friendly.Ǿ
Ok, so my cell service doesn't work at the table and they don't offer wifi. The coleslaw was soggy and they offered my girlfriend a plate for her to have a portion of my ribs and it was dirty. I watched the chef come from the back and hug a woman with gloves on and I'm pretty certain he's back there cooking with the same glove he touched this woman's jacket with. They also brought my lady some fries that are noticeably undercooked.Ǿ
I like the atmosphere...limited selection at the bar as far as drinks go.....fish n chips is really good...buffalo chicken wrap is quite tasty as well. I will have no problem going back to try other things from the menu :-)

24/7 steak special is my go to dish here lately.... hits the spot!
very nice.Ǿ
If you want to cut the shit and have a great, cheap meal this is the place. Kelly is my favorite server, she greets us with a hug every time we come in (we go there a lot) and lets us know how she is. Most servers truthfully can't stand their regulars, but she's actually genuine. 

It's dimly lit and quiet and OFF THE STRIP. Every time I pick somebody up at McCarren I take them to Village. Sick of noise and douchey Vegas types? I know my guests will be in a matter of hours after checking into their hotel, so I do them a favor. I first take the to a place where they can relax, and hear the people around them. Tough to find in this town. 

I always get the apple pecan salad - it comes with two really big slices of garlic bread so I don't feel all "healthy". (My parents come to visit from Chicago and have a fit when I order a salad, like I'm all "healthy" and "not eating")  Onion rings are the best skip the sweet potato tots for those instead, california burger, awesome. Meatloaf special on Wednesdays is spectacular. Oh! And the chicken penne. Get it with extra cheese. 

The Flamingo location is my favorite because of Kelly. It's worth the risk of walking through that parking lot at 1a.m. Whenever I go to the sunset location I feel like I"m bothering the people that work there because I want to order, and their always either under staffed or the staff is fighting. Awkward. But I love this place and the food is the same at all of the locations. Hope this helped.