Yummy, best way to start a day! Organic and tasty food, nice place to be.笑
Sounds like it should be a clothes shop fake tanned 17 year old's, but in reality it's the polar opposite.

Inside looks like a section of the Ikea showroom and it's just as small. It's usually very busy but if you come for breakfast you'll get a table. The selection of food is great, a variety of locally sourced food prepared into your favourite dishes.

The waitress suggested I try the Urban Angel burger, which with mull cheddar and coleslaw sounded delicious. I was a little disappointed when the dish came however, the portion was rather small. Considering the burger itself was nearly £12, I was expecting half a cow.

Food was good, staff were nice, price needs to be worked on.笑
HOLD IT. HOLD IT. As some of you know, I am on an ongoing mission to find the greatest Eggs Benedict in all of Egginburgh. For many months, Kilimanjaro Coffee has held the crown. No longer. No longer.

I don't know what made it so amazing here. The bacon, for a start, is not how I like my bacon - it was streaky and on the side, instead of back rashers sitting snugly under their eggy blankets. And yet. And yet. And yet. The eggs were poached to perfection and, once cut into, ran free and wild across my plate with joyous abandon. The muffins on which they were served were light and fluffy. The hollandaise was absolutely packed with flavour - with the addition of a quick sprinkle of black pepper, it blew my mind. And the bacon... just... worked. It just did. It's magic. The dish, teamed with a creme caramel rooibos, set this urban wanderer winging her way, harp and all, up to cloud nine in seventh heaven.

Urban Angel is surprisingly capacious inside, made of lots of little rooms, but don't come here if you suffer from any kind of body dysmorphia as much of their decor consists of mirrors - including a charming pair in the shape of wings. The recess into which the hand basin fits in the poky little ladies' is also panelled with mirrors (which is kinda weird when you stand up to pull up yer knickers, know what I'm sayin'?). It's also below street level so you'll more than likely lose phone signal.

But when they've got eggs like that, and a menu that includes a raw chocolate shake, endless smoothies, Eteaket teas, Edward & Irwyn hot chocolates, and lots more unbelievably scrumptious things, you can forgive a few little things like that.笑
Great cakes, very nice service, capuchino okay. Here our Edinburgh adventure starts笑
Very much ON the beaten track  just off Broughton Street (one of Edinburgh's finest), I'd been meaning to visit Urban Angel (Forth St) for ages. Finally went on Monday morning, to escape the grey day and do some of my web stuff.
What a lovely place! Really chilled out and friendly  no drama that I stayed for 3 hours. When I couldn't get the wifi to work, I was offered a different seat where it picked up the signal perfectly  all the staff were eager to help.
Had my coffee of choice  a flat white  and it was delicious; as were the Eggs Benedict with smoked haddock (a glorious combination).
Highly recommended  in fact, I think I'll drop in there today for a caffeine hit.笑
Hidden Gem *E*X*P*O*S*E*D*!!!   Well rounded menu, organic ingredients, perfect proportions, attentive & cheerful staff, all for the right price (there were 3 of us & we ate more like a group of 5)!  Oh, did I mention, only 5 mins walk to & from Edinburgh Playhouse Theater - PERFECT spot for pre & post dinner show.

You guys have got to establish an Urban Angel in San Francisco, seriously - very high quality food - WE LOVE IT!!!   As a matter of fact, we've booked a reservation for next Tuesday just to show you how much we love Urban Angel  :]

Can't wait to enjoy all that you'll be preparing!笑
i have decided that sundays are excellent for one thing and that is lunch with the girls.  two weeks running i've been lunching with a lovely ladies and enjoying delicious food and good chat :)  who needs boys!!

this week the girly lunch was planned at urban angel (on forth street).  i was really looking forward to going here as i'd been once for an afternoon tea and still have the lasting impression of how amazing their brownie was!!  sadly since i was with a vegetarian i didn't get to try any of their meaty options for the sandwich portion of afternoon tea, so i was pleased that i now had the whole menu to choose from!

i had had a quick look over the menu online when i'd booked on thursday and was completely torn by the breakfast or lunch items.  the same when i arrived today and looked over the menu while waiting for our third.  they serve breakfast on the weekends until 5pm, this is so awesome!!  i love a place that understands breakfast can be eaten at any time :)  i was also tempted by the idea of a falafel sandwich and they had some yummy sounding specials.  too many choices almost....

when our third arrived, i made the snap decision to do something totally different and went with the french toast that included streaky bacon and maple syrup.  i also added a side of tattie scones.  after ordering we had a rather long wait for our food to the point that i actually was starting to get seriously annoyed.  however, i saw plates arriving just at the point where i wanted to get up and say something...

now, i hate waiting for food especially when i'm hungry but i have to say this french toast was worth it.  three huge slices of fresh bread coated in eggy goodness and then fried to perfection.  atop this a good number of strips of streaky bacon that was actually crispy!!!!!!  omg crispy bacon and me is like a love affair and i didn't even have to ask for this it just came that way.  there was a nice pot of maple syrup but sadly three little circles of tattie scones that while tasty were literally gone in two bites.

so, the food was definitely good (including the brownie i got to take away!) but the wait for it was a bit long and even though our table was right at the front of the restaurant i sort of felt like the wait staff forgot we were there.  while we were waiting we never got asked if we wanted more drinks and during our meal we were never asked if the food was good.  something to work on, but i'd definitely go back for some more of the delicious food and crispy streaky bacon!!!!!笑
Very pleasant establishment. 
One of the staff was happy to come over and explain what was suitable for different diets allergies etc.
We all found our meals very tasty..笑
I really love Urban Angel. During the day it's a friendly little café selling super tasty organic cakes, brunch, sandwiches and light meals. They try to source ingredients locally and use organic and free range produce wherever possible. In the evening it turns into an equally friendly neighbourhood bistro offering meals like organic lamb meatballs and scallop, smoked haddock and crayfish chowder. It still manages to retain the café vibe and I have no qualms about coming in here on my own to tap away at the laptop whilst enjoying a (large) glass of Merlot and a piece of cake; no mean feat in this area of town. This is a sophisticated eatery for those who enjoy dining with a clear conscience.笑
This branch of Urban Angel is slightly off the beaten track (a short walk from John Lewis) and is all the better for it!
This eaterie benefits from having spacious seating area and high ceilings  great not to feel like you're practically sitting on top of someone while you're eating.
As stated by others, the food can be pricey for those on a tight budget but there are a number of specials available and at the moment there's a nice array of very filling tapas/finger dishes at 3 for £10 (-the polenta was especially delicious!). 
Desserts are also worth trying and are a great accompaniment with afternoon tea with family/friends
The vegetarian and seafood is of a very high standard and all products are organic. 
Some nice additions for non-drinkers include the heavenly 'Sunshine' smoothie, which was re-energizing and very tasty. 
It was refreshing to see a wine menu which clearly states which are vegan/veggie friendly.
I've never noticed the pretentious vibe others have talked about  a girl with quite bright red hair usually serves me and she's always really helpful and friendly.
Highly Recommended for those tired of the same old bland meals笑
It's lovely in here and it has a great menu - especially for brunch. My eggs benny was good except for the slightly undercooked eggs. Runny whites ew. But they left me alone while I made use of their wifi for a couple of hours so they won back some points. :)笑
Had brunch here with my hostess during my trip to Edinburgh a couple of weeks ago. The place was pretty cute inside and we were promptly served. I got an order of poached eggs and toast with vegetarian sausages on the side and a pot of tea. The food was cooked well, though I wish it was seasoned a tiny bit more. Other than that, everything was good.

Place is a bit on the pricey side.笑
I had lunch here yesterday with a friend and the service was amazing. We both had daily specials (I had mussels, my friend had chilli squid) and they were delicious without fault. The sauce with my mussels was coconut based and creamy without being heavy. One staff member went out of his way to double check if they had polenta cake as my friend cannot have wheat, even though it wasn't on display. Thankfully they did and while she had that I had their cheesecake. Again, both were ridiculously delicious.

There are a lot of places in Edinburgh with great food but it's fantastic to see a place offer brilliant service as well. Will definitely be coming back.笑
I have lived in Edinburgh as a student for 4 years now and nothing does great organic food in a friendly, chilled atmosphere like this. They do lots of veggie and a menu where you can mix and match the breakfast options. A must try place to eat in Edinburgh, for lunch or dinner!笑
I came back for food. The food was good. The food was better than good actually, so I took some away with me too.

The food here is just...hmm how to say this without using the word "hidden gem", "authentic" and all the usual words of praise. It's freshly made, uses the best ingredients, and is just a cut above the rest.

The berry compote with the porridge is tart, big whole berries, and lacks the sugary sweetness of too much sugar. That's why I like it here. The food is really good, tasty, but also good for you as close as it can be. The salad bowl for lunch changes every day - I had artichokes, chick peas, peppers, olives, feta. Yum. The lunch and dinner options are chalked up on the board each day but when I was there, the soups included a smoked chicken broth, and some really quite special sounding meat mains with whole halibut, half chickens, fresh veg. The sort of thing you'd get in an evening bistro. I didn't expect to see the menu that I did. And I was impressed.

The cheesecake I watched a friend eat, and then subsequently took away with me for another friend looked divine. I was told it was very light and delicious.

I think some of the cakes are gluten-free. The breakfasts are amazing, the lunches are amazing, and they stay open in the evening with wine and good food. In fact, that's what I'm coming back here for next.

I like it, I like it a lot.笑
I've stopped off to re-fuel at Urban Angel a few times in the past few weeks. Each visit has been without any complaint whatsoever and instead I've been stuffing my face with really good quality tea and seriously tasty cheese scones. They are the best cheese scones I've eaten in Edinburgh to date. YUM. 

I had a solo excursion there for dinner and the sardines that arrived in front of me were cooked to perfection, perfectly seasoned and came with a light, tangy salsa and salad that complemented the fish perfectly. The meal was just splendid! Excellent quality of food for the price - I definitely hope to make this a more regular haunt. 

Also, for the tea drinkers amongst us. Their pots are enormous and the tea is loose, so a really great cuppa awaits you here. 

For some reason I'm leaving the fifth star off... Can't quite figure out what it is... 

Anyway. Urban Angel. Yay for cheese scones!笑
We have been trying to go here for a few months now and either we always miss it timing wise or were just not in the right side of town. Well we made it today and found it met our expectations.  I ordered the egg's royal (which I feel like is my go-to breakfast order) and even though it was lunch time it seemed to be there right now. It was delicious! And good size bread and salmon chances.  I couldn't resist the baked good section so I also got a slice of  plum orange bakewell.  Bakewell cakes is a newish this for me and I feel I am rarely disappointed when I chose to get them. This one was wonderful and a good size sliced.  I liked the brightness of Urban Angel and the simplicity of the place, felt very modern, yet comfortable.  The reason it only got 4 stars was my latte... I think it must be a trend in Edinburgh now to sever the smallest lattes! Really this was 1/2 the size a tall at Starbucks would have been! I know I hate to compare and cute independent store to a large corporation BUT if I'm paying £2.8 for my latte can you at least make it FEEL worth it?! I was super disappointed and would NEVER order coffee or a latte there again. On the up side the tea pots looked nice and seemed to come in nice big cups. Breakfast tea will be my choice next time.  
A bit pricey but its the area,  delicious food though so if you have to pick pub food for the same price or  the fresh yummy food of Urban Angel its really not a choice =)笑
I've had brunch here a few times and sometimes it's difficult to get a table. The homemade baked beans with sourdough and feta is delish! Little bit pricey thou笑
I think it's nice in here, the service is friendly and the food is fresh and tasty. Last time we went I had a pulled pork ciabatta sandwich with salad and my vegetarian friend had falafel flatbread with salad, both were hearty portions and we enjoyed them.
The coffee is also really good!笑
I still have not forgotten my Peelham Farm Lamb Kebab-type wrap, served with couscous. Honestly.. it was SO good that I made my own variation this week... with real Peelham Farm lamb/veal. 

I loved this place, it was light, airy, and so much bigger than I had expected. It definitely is one of my favourite cafe's in Edinburgh. The quality of food is fabulous, and providing local produce always scores extra points for me. 

I highly recommend it!笑
This was my first stop in Edinburgh after a transatlantic flight from the US.  The service was friendly, attentive, and engaging and the food (Eggs Benedict in my case) was yummy.  What sold me on the place was the coffee.  My latte was heavenly.  Having spent a week in Edinburgh and tromping around the Highlands, I can safely say this is the best coffee in Scotland.笑
Organic fair Trade
Leckere Salate

Kuchen

Frische Säfte etc
Und auch der Burger mit den fritten und der selbst gemachten aioli war super笑
Been there twice very good food. 
I like that they serve breakfast/brunch until 5. 
Found an extra order on my bill by mistake.笑
I've been here twice, both unplanned. Once after bumbling around the area wondering where to sit down for a quick drink and secondly, after not getting in to eat where I'd wanted to. The first time we just had a round of coffees when I had family visiting. It was OK. Average kind of cappuccino but was disappointed by the extremely slow service. My other half got very twitchy about the dawdling and irately labelled it a 'pretentious place' and proclaimed he wouldn't be going back. He still sneers at it when we wander past. I wasn't quite so offended, the look of the delightful cakes on the counter made me think it couldn't be all bad.


 My next visit was on a week day evening with a fussy friend with a plethora of food allergies. We couldn't get in our first place of choice so after glancing at the menu, this one was the most allergy-friendly to her in the Broughton Street area. On sitting down in the snug interior and looking at the wine list, she particularly liked how the wine was labelled to whether it was vegan or not. I thought this was pretty good too, as it's always preferable not to be quaffing my alcohol laced with bull's blood or pig's hooves if there's a choice!


 We had some hummus and bread to start, which was pretty good. For my main course I had a smoked haddock risotto from the specials board. It was quite tasty, but not overwhelmingly so. I ate it thinking I could cook up something better myself as it didn't have much depth of flavour. My friend went a bit mental with salt over her dinner as she thought hers was a little bland. It really wasn't a bad meal and we enjoyed our evening there, it's just that it wasn't a wow kind of meal. I wouldn't rush to go back. The plus was that the service was definitely a lot swifter this time.笑
I like the atmosphere, the service was (mostly) good (very accommodating to our ever increasing group), I'd just like to say that first. I have also only been once, and only had the hot chocolate (I had to rush off or I'd have had a slice of the pretty tasty looking cakes on display). So, perhaps take my review with a pinch of (smoked) salt...

I popped by at the weekend with a group of other Yelpers, in our quest to find the best hot chocolate in Edinburgh. I so wanted Urban Angel's offering to be up there, but it's actually my least favourite so far. The hot chocolate is by Edward & Irwyn, based in Morningside, and, I am assured by Cressi F, delicious in solid form. But in hot form, it was so, so disappointing.

For one thing it was £3.60 for a pretty small glass of hot chocolate! This is on par with everything else in Urban Angel, and I'll be honest and say that the high prices are the reason I've never been before (and don't intend to revisit, I mean, £8.90 for French toast, are you kidding me?!). It also wasn't that hot. And despite ordering the 'Scots Pine, Juniper and Smoked Sea Salt' hot chocolate, it tasted of nothing (not even strongly of chocolate), and what little discernible taste there was, was disguised by the sprinkling of orange chocolate on top.

So, no. I won't be back. It seems very nice inside, as I said, but the prices are waaaay too high for me to consider returning and I definitely wasn't wowed into believing that the prices were justified either.笑
Having visited its sister on Hanover Street, I was keen to check out this one closer to home. This is a lovely cafe with a modern 'art-deco' feel. With white walls, wooden floors and high ceilings, Urban Angel feels clean and airy. I've been a couple of times now; once for a latte (it was lovely) and once to take advantage of their tables outside which were right in a sun trap during that brief summer spell we had the other week. Urban Angel sells alcoholic drinks but be warned- they're pricey. £3.40 for a small bottle of light beer.笑
For a start, I don't like the chic feel of the exterior. Like Stuart says, it feels like it should be a clothes or cool stationary shop, not a cafe. I like a cafe to be cosy and comfy, but this place is too clinical for my liking.

However, I ventured in and took a seat, a rather uncomfortable seat at that, and ordered from the free range, organic, locally produced menu. Don't get me wrong, I do like the fact that this place is locally produced and organic but I think most of these places are carbon copies of each other. It's probably just not my scene, but I just feel like these places never feel comfortable to sit in.

I had a brie, tomato and pastrami panini, which was so expensive at almost £8, I nearly hit the deck! 2 quid short of a tenner for a panini! Not on at all.

It was nice, but that's about it. There was nothing amazing about it, and it certainly wasn't worth the money. The friendly staff made up for my initial disappointment in the place by being really nice and warm, but I don't think I'll rush back.笑
This is another one of those places that would brag about having minimalist Danish furniture. Its interior looks so expensive I was pleasantly surprised to see that their pastries weren't more pricey than what you'd find at your local Costa or Starbucks.

It's located in New Town in a fairly residential area so it's in peaceful surroundings. There are places offering yoga and pilates classes in the vicinity and I can very much imagine the clients (predominantly women!) heading over there after their classes. 

I'm more a fan of creaky, charming places, so I wouldn't go there that often, but the food is great.笑
A Saturday afternoon event with the Yelp ladies brought me to Urban Angels on Union Street. 

Unfortunately I did not have enough time to have anything else on their menu but a hot chocolate and cheesecake but those were fine :)

It's a very busy place at weekends and famous for there brunch menu, but I think it suffers a little in terms of coziness...
so definitely a spot for meeting friends for a weekend catch-up over breakfast but they won't take reservations on weekends - so either come early or be prepared to wait or have a plan be.

Consider coming a little earlier is my tip ;)笑
Disappointing. The menu is an unfocussed agglomeration of dishes, with no real sense of what they're trying to sell you. The staff didn't seem too interested, either.

Overall, we said: "Urban Angel has good principles at its heart, and there's a fantastic cafe/restaurant just waiting to emerge, but the thinking behind the elegantly minimalist decor desperately needs to be applied to their menu, at the earliest possible opportunity."笑
I'm definitely a fan of this very cool establishment, tucked away on Forth Street, just off Broughton Street. Urban Angel is fairly new on the Edinburgh cafe/restaurant scene, but I think they've got the right feel going on here, with the open spaces and plain, white walls with a splash of colour. You feel like you've got room to sit with a coffee and do your thing in here, whether that's scanning the Sundays or nattering about your escapades from the night before with mates, with the latter being primarily what I come here to do.

The crowd is a mix of fashionable, studenty and ladies who lunch. The staff are all really nice, and enviously stylish in that way that doesn't look like it required any effort. Everything here is freshly made and mostly grouped in the organic category, and the amazing display of cakes at the front counter is always my downfall on the way out. They have some really tasty offerings on the breakfast/brunch menu, plus lots of daily specials, and a list of tapas type dishes to try, plus the Urban Angel burger always goes down a treat.笑
Really loved this little cafe on a recent visit.


 We went for supper, and were very tempted by the lovely cakes!


 The teas are brilliant - as is the selection of wine! the food was great too - we enjoyed some very nice lamb meatballs and some haggis, clapshot and creamed leeks. Lovely!笑
Oh hot chocolate - you are devine!  My choice of tangerine and spice was a good and was heavenly!

I haven't ever visited this nor the other branch of urban angel, but I like the feel of both places.  the decor just works. that's it.

The llovely lady server was always filling up our water and making sure everything was a-ok for all of us.  Kept a smile all the time whilst taking single orders for hot choccies and then cakes.  And when it came to paying up seperately - not an eye lid battered!

my cake was the orange, almond seabuck thorn slice.  I have ever heard of sea buckthorn before but I'm please i tried this.  It's also gluten free, which is a bonus.  I'm not gluten free but know a few people who are.  I like to try alternatives.  I read up on what sea buck thorn is and will be sourcing some soon!  

The hot chocolate was as it should be. Rich, hot and chocolately! The cake was devine.  I'm defo coming on a return visit for either lunch or dinner!笑
Edinburgh + Brunch + Iced Coffee... if I could complain it would be about the outrageous prices, and complain I will... they are unbelievable for breakfast food. BUT... there is, and I say this without any reservation, no where better to get an Iced Coffee. And if you, like me, like iced coffee, sometimes, not always, but sometimes... in the middle of the winter, this place has it. 

Now usually a place that is pretty awesome but way too expensive garnishes a three star... but not Urban Angel which carries two of the three breakfast treats that I cannot live without (Eggs Florentine and Iced Coffee) AND the fact that there were TWO waitresses so on our case when we had orders, questions, requests. They were both busting their ass to serve us, and that, I appreciate and reward... with my cyber star.笑
Since moving to this end of town I've been in here a few times but will almost always pass it up for somewhere cheaper.

The layout is nice in the front area, I like the big windows and the windowsill seats, elsewhere I find it a bit cramped. I like the coffee here but find it nothing special. The one time I went in for food was during a particularly horrendous week during my thesis writing and I entered with a 'I'm worth a £9 salad darnit'. The salad was goats cheese, pear and beetroot and I enjoyed it - though could have made it myself in less time it took them to scoop it from the display bowls- but found the close tables (upstairs) meant my reading was constantly interrupted by the dramatic conversation at the table next to me. 

Recently, I went with a group of Yelpers as part of the Hot chocolate quest. As organiser I had unfortunately been organising getting a job and so was lax on the 'reserving a table' end of things. I went in a good bit early to say that I hadn't booked but that about 5 friends would be arriving soon and if they could accommodate us it would be great. Cold would be the word I would use to describe the reaction. 

We were put downstairs and when a larger table opened up upstairs we were given the option to move. By that stage it turned out that I had underestimated the numbers (RSVP people!!) and there was now a few more people than anticipated but we fit quite nicely into the table offered.

The hot chocolate itself was enjoyable. I don't go in much for sweet things and this hot chocolate was nicely toned down, though to such an extent I couldn't taste any of the juniper, pine or smokey saltiness I should have. Moreover, the sprinkling on top of orange chocolate, which looked great, incorrectly convinced me I had in fact received the tangerine hot chocolate.

I then had a cheese scone (to neutralise the sweetness) and it was nice but very bready. I couldn't finish it.

Overall I like the bright airiness of Urban angel. They definitely cater to a particular Edinburgh demographic - which demographic can be inferred from the location of the two cafes and the range of fancy moustaches you'll see on a visit - but it's not me. I might return to try some breakfast food, so we may knock this up a notch sometime soon.笑
SUPER cute spot. Stopped in here for breakfast while we were waiting for our hotel rooms to be prepared & enjoyed a wonderful, fresh breakfast.

I opted for a scone w/ jam & a chai tea, which is served with steamed milk & honey. Lovely. My sister and mom got scrambled eggs (they were orange...?) with an amazing side of sourdough toast. Dad got yogurt & berries. Also, they serve an excellent, strong cup of coffee.
We got a peek at the salads they were preparing for lunch, and they looked absolutely amazing. I hope we have time to come back!笑
Amazing Eggs Florentine. Friendly staff. Some nice breads. An interesting weekly specials board featuring surprisingly good food combos.  A nice salad bar too!  Did I mention the cakes I try and walk past?笑
We stopped in here for an impromptu breakfast one morning stroll along Broughton Street. They were very busy but managed to find us a table downstairs and advised that there would be a wait for our food, although it didn't take long at all. We've been before and the eggs benedict were up there with the best I've had in Edinburgh but after over indulging over the Christmas holidays we decided to share the Arbroath smokie with a poached egg, spinach & Hollandaise with a side of toast. I could have eaten the whole thing myself it was so good, the hollandaise was perfect with the fresh wilted spinach and the subtle smokiness of the fish. I don't usually bother with toast but the thick slices with butter were just what the dish needed, although at £8.90 they could have included some toast in that price? I like the modern Scandinavian feel to the décor and all the cakes laid out at the till were hard to walk past as we were leaving! I will definitely be back soon.