I came for the eggs Benedict for breakfast. I feel like every time I come there is a long wait for a table so I just sit at the bar. The food is good but nothing outstanding. I would like more flavor to the potatoes as they are kind of bland. Service is usually friendly and that's why I go back.笑
This was the best veggie Benedict that I have ever had. It actually had a whole avocado. The fruit was even good and the service was better笑
Came here for breakfast today. We live in california and are here for a couple of days. I got the skillet and added ground beef and bell peppers. It was one of the best skillets ive ever had. My boyfriend got the waffle and it was okay. The hostess at the front was a little grumpy which killed the mood a little BUT the skillet is what made me give 4 stars. I might be back tomorrow just to get that skillet one more time ;)笑
Today was scheduled to be very busy with little room for disappointments. Cracked Egg representatives did not help prevent my low brow for them today.  It's is for this reason,  that I attribute my dissatisfaction to the led than perfect rating that I've given. 

In effort to keeping on schedule, and allowing for preparation for my next stop,  I opted to call in my order. Only to find my calls unanswered on both attempts. The parking lot illustrated  that there should not be many to warrant a busy occurrence such as answered calls. So I found myself walking in to place my order in person. From there, everything  went without a hitch.  Food was made so very timely and there was more than enough staff to accommodate my phone order. 

I don't like writing bad reviews so when I do experience less them 5 star service,  I include as much detail as possible. There was nothing wrong with their phones because a test call went  right through while I waited for my food to arrive and my earlier call was mere 40 feet away. 

Bottom line, this place still rocks. Just don't rely on saving time by calling in ahead. There may be something that prevents the call from being taken.  :/笑
Very friendly staff as soon as you walk thru the door from the host to the waiters. Food was delicious and very timely. Corned beef hash was amazing.笑
Nothing special. Seems family owned and operated with people there who might not be too experienced. Had a simple French toast was okay and upon seeing the workers there. I noticed most of them had an assembly line going on. Someone specifically cutting the bread there. Putting things in and out of microwaves. Their pumpkin bread cake. Pancakes even microwaved. I probably could have made the same quality of food in my kitchen. It's just goes to show if you have a market and your in there at the right place, at the right time.笑
The most outstanding Huevos Rancheros I've ever had. Great service and atmosphere too!笑
The best brunch or breakfast spot in Vegas! I have to come and eat here at least once when visiting Vegas! Great friendly customer service snd outstanding food!笑
I've been on this earth for 23 year and finally found the best French toast I ever had!! Get the Peanut butter French toast!! You'll be in peanut heaven!!笑
Well I have been here several times and the breakfast is always fantastic. But today I tried a burger. The burger looked and tasted like it was a frozen patty. No taste to it. Next time I'll stick to the breakfast items.  And yes the coffee cake is so delicious!!!!!笑
This place is probably great for a lot of people but I didn't care for it. I had the enchilada omelet and it had nasty American processed cheese on it I guess that's what they use for omelets and that probably doesn't bother most people but It makes me gag.. Ew on the menu it says jack cheese but it should add that it's processed. Anyways enough of the cheese rant. The service was good and the coffee cake was really good.笑
Yelp helps again!   I was in the area a few weeks ago with a buddy of mine and we needed some breakfast before heading out for a day of adventure.   We scanned yelp and it told us about the Cracked Egg.   We got there a little late, around 9:30 on a Friday morning.   We were promptly seated and received oj and coffee.   I ordered Joe's scramble and my buddy ordered an omelet.   Both were really good with large portions.   One thing they do at the Cracked Egg is to add cream cheese to the eggs to make them a little smoother and richer.  It's a nice touch if you like cream cheese.   The only complaint I have is they forgot our toast.   But the portions were so large, we really didn't miss the toast.   Also, the place was a little noisy due to a party of six celebrating a birthday.   But other than that, it was a nice place to grab some breakfast.   
Will I be back?   Sure, I could see myself going back at some point.笑
Our family is always looking for a nice breakfast place to eat  on Sunday's after church. We tried this place out a few weeks ago and have come back for our second time and it is even better this second time. We own a small local business and I prefer to support the local small business as much as possible. I will definitely be coming back on a regular basis. Thank you for the friendly service, fresh and delicious food.笑
Mini vacation here in Vegas and heard this was good. The food was pretty good and the service was ok also. I'm big on tipping because I feel like there is a lot that goes into service, however, we had a OJ spill, was charged for it and the waiter didn't say anything but it appeared on the bill. There went the service and the tip. Don't surprise me with an extra charge for an accident, just say something. And yes, I would done here again.笑
Great breakfast place away from the busyness and generic food places on the strip. They had an excellent selection of gluten free food and I totally indulged in the fluffy GF pancakes. The steak and eggs included a good sized and perfectly cooked steak. I will definitely go back when I'm in town, it's a place worth driving out of your way to.笑
I ordered a Mexican Skillet and my friend ordered a Western omelet with egg whites. Both of us got toast, which came already buttered. The skillet was delicious. I substituted hash browns for seasoned potatoes because I prefer a little crisp and it was perfect. There was a little bit more cheese than I preferred but still palatable. The coffee was good- even came with fresh vanilla creamer. Good service and good food. Can't ask for anything more.笑
What can I say other than I love the French toast. It always hits the spot and this place is always packed.笑
I decided to stop in and I ordered the Monte Cristo which was ok. The hash browns were excellent;  I have heard so many good things about this Restaurant that I will eagerly give them a second chance.  Maybe the Chicken Fried Steak next time.笑
Huge portions, and delicious food. The wait is a little long on busy mornings, but this place definitely makes my day whenever I visit this side of town to pick veggies and fruits at our local orchard. I love their daily specials, there's always something good to try.笑
Good Food , Service is slow but we sat at bar and we were in and out . The waitress very nice and helpful, you can see from a far whats going on in the kitchen ,it is pretty messy  the reviews about this place cleanliness is really true . floors are not clean .the were two male waiters playing around and basically not doing anything and they didn't bother to ask what we wanted even though they were in front of us in the bar , the Bold Tall guy was just like he didn't care if he had customers . other than that  is good food and big portion and good prices, kudos to  the female waitress who were the only ones  working there besides the Mexican cook .笑
Was referred by a friend as a spot that I MUST go to! It was really good, they got my order correct with my specialty add-ons...my MIL likes her eggs runny and she said they were perfect. Now my friend said the coffee cake was to die for...for me it was just okay (hence the 4) it was warm, light n fluffy (almost like angel food), with a raspberry filling (that's the part I didn't like). I'd go back next time I'm in Henderson笑
BEWARE OF TERRIBLY SLOW SERVICE.

I've been to cracked egg twice so far. the first time it was slow and the service was even slower. the 2nd time i went it was busier. and the service was still terribly slow. 1) never took our drink order. 2) went straight to food order cause of long wait. 2) forgot my coffee cake 3) forgot my to go box. 4) forgot my to go box. AGAIN. proceeding long wait.
it is a bad sign when your waitress has to apologize to you every time she approaches the table. YOU ARE DOING SOMETHING WRONG. 
side note: i did get the same waitress both visits. 

had the PB stuff french toast. SUPER DUPER YUMMY IN MY TUMMY!! if you're looking for something sweet savory and all around goodness. this will hit the spot. its heavy so don't expect to be productive the rest of the bad. pair that with the coffee cake and its game over. nap time. i could only eat half.

also had the corn beef hash. quite good as well. i felt like they were filling the giant platter they brought me with potato though to use as a filler to cover up the plate. i didn't like the additional semi mashed potato added to my corned beef plus the additional side of potatoes/hash browns. that's a little potato overload.

okay. granted the terrible service might be due to a terrible waitress. it still put a damper on my experience. their lucky the food is good or i wouldn't come back.笑
No doubt about it, I love breakfast, and the Cracked Egg is a reliable go-to for me on my side of town (Northwest) and in Henderson.  Because I joined their Roaylty Rewards program last year and am such a regular, I get an $8 gift certificate in the mail every month to spend.  Armed with this month's certificate and famished from a long swim workout, my recovery breakfast this morning was the Garden Patch omelet, hash browns, and the coffee cake--oh yeah!  If you order the coffee cake instead of toast, it will be brought to you first, like an appetizer, but I saved it for dessert--yes, you can have dessert at breakfast!  Customer service has always been top-notch and I've never had a bad meal yet.  And, with my certificate, I only had to pay $5 for my meal, including the tip.  Thank you and keep cracking those eggs!笑
Great breakfast! North Shore Scramble!笑
I love this place for a good sit-down breakfast with my friends, if not for the fresh cupcake-like texture of the frosted coffee cake.   They're kind enough to make it the first course, and by the time you've devoured it down your ample-portioned meal you ordered will be ready.  Seriously, two people could split an omelette or a scramble and get by peachy.  

But be sure to order two coffee cakes, don't break up a relationship like that!笑
LOVE! I've never had anything that I didn't like. I'll get a skillet of some kind and get the coffee cake usually. You get so much food! I'm always so full when I leave! I'll usually take the coffee cake home and save it for later. Everything is cooked well and flavored very well. The staff is always very friendly and always checks to see how things are. Not very expensive. Perfect little breakfast spot.笑
Nice Breakfast. The jalapenos in the Southwest Scramble were just right. Not too hot and good taste.

The Coffee Cake was a good choice also.

The service was excellent.

Overall = 5 STARS笑
The service here is friendly and the atmosphere is pleasant.  The prices are a little steep for just breakfast foods, even if they have special ingredients that you can't necessarily get at say IHOP.  The portions are good.  There were alot of families eating here when I went on a weekday morning, and there was a steady flow of people in and out.  My boyfriend had blueberry pancakes, and he said they were ok- nothing special.  I had an omelet and they didn't skimp on any of the ingredients.  Would come back, but not anytime soon.笑
What is with the residents of Las Vegas? Do they actually LIKE to pay good money for a mediocre Breakfast? 

On the menu...

Joe's Scramble (** $9.75) Three Eggs scrambled with seasoned Ground Beef, Spinach, Cream Cheese, Scallions, and Jack and Cheddar Cheese.

Before arriving here, I performed my due diligence and read the many positive reviews on Yelp, and how the Scrambles were described as "HUGE" (not my description...) or "Hearty". 

I was really disappointed when I saw my "Joe's Scramble" heading towards me... The Scramble part of the meal only took up a third of the eight inch plate... the rest of the space taken up by what the restaurant described as Seasoned Potatoes... and, BTW, the portion of Potatoes were not HUGE, either. 

I always felt that a restaurant should name an Entree what the primary flavor that the Diner would taste first... and in this particular case... it's the huge amount of Cheese that is layered over the Scramble. A LOT of Jack and Cheddar. This entree is a Cheese Scramble, for sure.

It would take a Forensic Scientist to even find the Ground Beef or the Spinach! And in this particular entree... I really felt that the meat was not all Ground Beef... Tasted like Beef and some other kind of meat.

The Country Potatoes (*** 1/2) was pretty good, but very small portions. Do you know how a Scrabble (the word game) Tile is shaped? That's the size of each chopped Potato with Seasoned Salt added during frying.

Coffee Cake (*** included with meal) Very sweet... But, I have to ask... When did a Coffee Cake have a Jelly Filling?  This really surprised me... never, ever had a Jelly filled Coffee Cake before.

Coffee (*** 1/2 $2.00) Unlimited re-fills.

And then... I received the Bill... Over $41... My mouth dropped in amazement! I looked at what I ordered... the two people that accompanied me (my youngest son and his future father-in-law) and what they ordered. With the tip included... this is as close to a $50 meal as you can get! And, take my word, this is NOT a $50 buck meal! No way, no how!

I asked my youngest, who ordered the Homemade Ground Beef Hash ($10.95) how he liked his Breakfast... He said the Mary Kitchen Hash found at Supermarkets was better than Hash in his meal (and, BTW, he's a Chef!). His comments are not part of the eventual rating...

The Future In-Law had The Cracked Croissant ($10.25)... No comments from that side of the family... I stated that the next time he would visit the "Big Valley", that I'd take him to some 5-Star Breakfast places vastly superior to the Cracked Egg... and some that served authentic Joe's Specials. For the rest of you... just search my reviews for Joe's Specials...

Apologies to present and future Family Members for dragging them here...

To aid this restaurant... here is a recipe for Joe's Special I researched on the Internet... notice how much MORE Beef there is... and the amount of Spinach... hint, hint..

Joe's Special

2T Olive or Vegetable Oil
2lb lean Ground Beef
2 medium Onions, finely chopped
2 Garlic Cloves, finely minced
1/2lb sliced mushrooms
1 1/4t Salt
1/4t ground Nutmeg
1/4t dry Oregano
1/4t Pepper
1/2lb Spinach, rinsed, stems removed, and leaves chopped (about 4 cups)
4-6 lg Eggs, lightly beaten

1 Heat oil in a wide frying pan over high heat. Crumble in beef and cook, stirring often, until browned. Drain excess fat.
2 Add onions, garlic and mushrooms; reduce heat to medium and cook, stirring occasionally, until onions are softened, about 5 minutes.
3 Stir in salt, nutmeg, pepper, oregano and spinach; cook for about 5 more minutes. Add eggs. Reduce heat to low and cook, stirring constantly, just until eggs are softly set. 

Now... I ask you... doesn't this read good?笑
I love the Cracked Egg!  It is a great breakfast/lunch place that you NEED to check out!

The menu is fantastic here.  The breakfast side has all of your favorites, along with some more fun options to spice up your breakfast.  I think my favorite breakfast dish is the Cakes & Eggs combo.  Eggs any style, sausage/bacon, hash browns and pancakes.  Everything that makes breakfast wonderful in one serving.  YUM!

For brunch, you have got to get the Monte Cristo sandwich.  It is a ham, turkey, and cheese club made with French Toast!!!!  Yep, you heard me right, French Toast.  I absolutely love this sandwich.

The lunch menu is great as well.  My husbands dreams about the tuna melts, my daughter demands their chicken fingers, and I usually grab a burger.  So far, everything I have tried has been tasty and have not been disappointed one bit.

They also have a membership program that you can sign up for free.  Once you are in the system, they will send you an $8 off coupon every month.  The coupon has no rules except you have to come in, simple as that.  So sign up for the club and start getting coupons.  The club also gives you a $10 off check for every $250 you spend.  Don't you just love coupons?

With tons of variety so that everyone in your group can find something to eat, makes the Cracked Egg a great place to visit! The staff is always friendly and makes you feel welcome. Oh and the coffee cake is divine!  That is the trifecta of a great restaurant in my opinion.  Go check it out and be amazed.笑
Staff is friendly and helpful. Food is always yummy. We've tried a few different things and everything is consistently good.笑
Great service! Breakfast was tasty and you must try the coffee cake. Small local resturant with home feel.笑
I saw this place had great reviews, however we must of went on a bad day! We were a table of 8 and went during a week day...it took over 40 minutes to get our meal! I would expect that if it were a weekend but with only 4 other tables filled with people that already had their food not sure why it took so long to cook eggs! I think what was more upsetting that 3 other tabes were filled after we got there and they got their food before we did!!!
Sorry to say will not reccommend this palce. :-(笑
Esta muy rico i si no traes varo está bien por qué es muy barato pide fruta y club Sandwich con huevo . Está rico es bueno  y barato笑
Please put the Snicker Doodle stuffed french toast on your regular menu ! IT was sooooo good and we tried to go back the follow week to have it again, only to find that it was the "special" for a short time.笑
We come in almost weekly for some good breakfast. And for today's breakfast I have 4 words: Red Velvet Coffee Cake. It was amazing. I could have eaten a second and third piece.笑
We met a couple of friends for breakfast here at the Cracked Egg.  This is a place they bring friends for the first time.  So, how could we say "NO"... I'm glad we didn't.  We looked over the menu and everything looked great.  I ended up with a skillet filled with pork.  Can't go wrong.  The bottom was covered with home potatoes then came the eggs and pork.  I decided to get toast as I knew I would finish Michele's coffee cake.

I would definitely come back again for breakfast.

Can get coffee cake with meal.笑
Places like this will put Denny's and ihop out of business. 5 stars is not enough to explain how amazing this place is. Delish.笑
Great breakfasts. I love their seasoned potatoes and different egg scrambles. If you haven't tried their coffee cake you must go now.  The food was served fast but the rest of the service left more to be desired.笑
Love the sweet potato skillet!!! So creative & delish I always get mine with egg whites!!!笑
My wife and I have recently discovered since our kids are now teenagers and sleep until noon, we can sneak out for breakfast and have some  "us" time!  The Cracked Egg is our new "go to" place.  If you're there before 8:30, then you have a good chance at no wait but after that, it starts to get busy.  I  have had many things on the menu but my favorite is the pork chili verde omelet.  It's got tender pork, cheese and a green chili sauce over the top and it's full of good flavor.  In addition, I have tried both potato options (hash browns or seasoned potatoes) and the seasoned potatoes are the choice of champions.

Overall, I have always had a good meal here and the wait staff is very nice and attentive, even when it gets busy.  However one thing I don't like is having to take my check up front to pay rather than dealing with it at the table.  Sometimes it's pretty crowded up front and the wait just to pay is the down side while if they took care of it at the table, I get to wait and chit chat with my company instead.笑
Living up to try and be the next 'Ahhnold' (an Asian one anyway) or Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson (I am known in many circles as 'The Pebble'), I do enjoy my breakfast.  And I love, love, love eggs!  It's the world's most complete animal protein.  Bodybuilders and Meatheads alike know...if you want more muscle, you must eat more protein!  I'm far from my early 20's when I used to add a raw egg or 2 to my daily whey protein & creatine shake, or eat 6 hard boiled eggs daily to help 'bulk up'...but I still love me some eggs early in the morning!

The Cracked Egg if you can't already tell is a breakfast-heavy joint.  They are usually only open daily for breakfast and lunch.  It's been voted 'The Best of Las Vegas' by the LVRJ at least 3 times.  So I figure instead of making my own breakfast we'd go check this place out.  

The day we went it was packed!  Of course, it was a Sunday and church was probably just letting out.  There's a big hustle and bustle here, no shortage of orders being called out, waitstaff running around with plates, and the smell of fresh coffee being brewed.  Man, do I love the first meal of the day!  Yes, I am a morning person.  Night owls beware!

Menu is a good size and offers a ton of choices.  Now with The Cracked Egg being its namesake, please realize that most of their dishes require EGGS.  If you don't like eggs or egg products STEER CLEAR.  Should be obvious.  Go back to your overpriced lattes and friggin' scones.  Go dunk your donuts somewhere else.  Go back to your toaster to watch those tarts pop.  I feel sad for you folks.

The Cracked Egg has different parts to their menu.  There's "Breanne's Basics" which  have your plain eggs & bacon, eggs & sausage, and similar type stuff here.  In "Eggs With Attitude" these dishes are mostly various things scrambled with eggs, which they call a 'scramble'.  I much enjoy the Southwest Scramble which has 3 eggs scrambled with chorizo, green chiles, jalapenos, onion, jack & cheddar cheese, and a side of salsa.  "The Benedicts" is self-explanatory, a list of all their different Eggs Benedict concoctions.  Me?  I like the good ol' regular Eggs Benedict standard, done right.  In the "Fluffy & Folded" section you got your 3 egg omelettes, and my faves are The Denver with ham, bell peppers, onions, and cheese, or The Greek with spinach, tomatoes, and feta.  Yum!  "Sin City Skillets" are for you wannabe cowboys who like your food coming in a cast-iron skillet, build your own or choose one off of their menu.  The last big breakfast section is "From the Griddle" and includes their French toast choices as well as fresh pancakes.  From what I've tried and what I've heard...it's all pretty good stuff.  

The Cracked Egg also has non-breakfast stuff for you non-breakfast eaters too.  From sandwiches and salads, to burgers and homemade chili, it's all there.  But why come to a breakfast joint and not have breakfast?  It's like going to El Pollo Loco and asking for fish!  Try the breakfast.

Only gripe I have here is that the prices are a bit on the high side.  I could make some of these dishes at home easily for half the cost, and do just as good a job since I love making breakfast anyway.  Two folks eating breakfast with a cup of joe each will probably set you back $25+ after tax and tip depending on what you eat.  Worth it if you go every once in a while or on a special occasion.  Or if you're loaded like Steve Wynn.  Geez, that guy is rich.

Stop by The Cracked Egg, have a hearty breakfast, then bench press that little Fiat in the parking lot!笑
Best place for some good ol' breakfast.  We made our way here on Saturday morning with the craving of their melt in your mouth crumb cake.  We were seated pretty quickly...the place was full.  I decided to be different and order the corn beef hash.  Usually I go for the boring eggs and potatoes but I was going all out that day.  The portion was massive.  Alot of onions...like more than the corn beef but I just ate around them.  It came with eggs (egg beaters) potatoes on the side and wheat toast.  Whew it was alot and by alot I mean ALOT!  When I was done she asked if I liked it because it didnt look like I ate anything. haha  It was pretty darn good though.   I probably would get it again.  

The BF ordered the kickin potatoes and the crumb cake.  Kickin potatoes are always solid...a combo of potatoes, bacon, cheese, salsa and sour cream (I think thats whats in it)   He loves them.  Now the crumb cake....amazing as usual.  Sometimes they come in different flavors but this time it was just plain cinnamon-just the way I like.  It was so hot when it came out that it was steaming.  the cake just fell apart as you tried to cut through it.  Just the little things.

Cracked Egg is always a solid local find.  There arent too many breakfast places that are not chain restaurants that I can say live up to the breakfast standards but this one surely does!笑
Great place! I come here at least three times a year.

-friendly staff
-reasonable prices for decent portions
-club sandwich - YUM!
-all salads are great
-fast service, even if you have to wait to be seated笑
I came here on a Monday morning an ordered The Country Benny for $15. 

- Fast and friendly service. I sat down and ordered right away. 
- Not a good price to food ratio. 
- A biscuit split and topped with patty sausage, 2 pooched eggs and smothered in gravy
- Choice of seasoned potatoes or hash browns. I got the hash browns. 
- I guess I was expecting something better than Wicked Spoon's Egg benedict.
- Tasted good, but not great. Enjoyed the gravy, but I think it made it all gooey. But I guess that's the country style. 
- Better with hot sauce! 
- This place is a good alternative if you don't feel like going to Babystacks or HashHouse.笑
Great breakfasts. Menu has unique items that are reasonably priced with large portions. They are always busy but you get seated relatively quickly. Great service always. Highly recommend.笑
I must say if I could eat breakfast here everyday I would.  The ingredients are always fresh and the service is attention and quick.笑
What I ate: Veggie Benny, coffee cake, bite of chocolate chip pancake
Visit date: September 25, 2011
First time? Indeed.

Hurray! Finally! Some good food on my Vegas trip. I had the Veggy Benny - the Veggie Eggs Benedict, that is. Um, delicious! A fluffy biscuit, grilled tomato, spinach and poached egg, served with Cajun style potatoes. Their hollandaise is amazing. I started dipping the potatoes in it.

My bro-in-law's coffee cake came as an "appetizer". I had a piece. I was so cakey, moist and warm. And it had some kind of fruit it in...cherries? Who knows. It was fabulous. I also tried my niece's chocolate chip pancakes. Yum. She was also a happy camper.

All the kids (niece and nephews) enjoyed their bacon. And syrup. And the bacon in the syrup.笑
I want to hate this location.  I have been a few times over the past year.  Been to The Cracked Egg (TCE) a few more times in the years prior to that.  I don't hate because of the food...more on that to come....I hate it for it's very location and arrangement.  Conflict.....How does this warrant a four star review?  It's because the food is consistently....awesome!

Depending on the hour of visit, you might have to wait.  Depending on your size of your party....you may have to wait for tables to be arranged.  Depending on the operational tempo of the staff...the frequency of visits by staff might suffer.  But the chow......always solid.

On my most recent visit, because I have been slow-carbing it since the beginning of the year, I opted for a few simple things.  I ordered up a water, avocado, and jalapeño bacon. There was some confusion as to who ordered up some coffee,  I figured I would take because I knew the coffee was good to go.

The avocado (1/2) slice was fresh and delicious.  The bacon....spicy and all that is bacon.  $10....with tip....whatever.

Not my first choice for breakfast.....certainly not my last...When I have to go as a group to TCE....I am game, but only if it's under my own optimal conditions.笑
Came here on a Saturday morning, very busy.. Expected the wait to be an 1 hour, but luckily for us, we were seated after waiting only 20 minutes. 


There was so much to choose from. But I simply went with scrambled eggs turkey sausage and hash browns and wheat toast. The wait was about 15 minutes. I Requested my eggs scrambled medium.

Let me first start off, my eggs were a bit still watery which threw me off. My turkey sausage was really dry, and I do wish my hash browns was cooked more, no crispness or browning on the hash brown. It was a bit depressing. I still ate it all because I was hungry. 

Breakfast is so simple to cook, how could you not know how to hit all the right points on it. I'm not trying to be mean, probably it was just busy and it got hectic in the kitchen, sh*t happens.. But 
if I'm ever in area, Id rather pass on this place.  

But the customer service was great! The place is awesome tho. Looks like a big kitchen.笑
Being a big fan of breakfast, more-so of eggs I drove across town and sat down to a late breakfast. Although there were people waiting I was promptly seated as I was only a party of one. 

As far as the food is concerned, their hashbrowns are lightly browned, not overcooked. Their eggs were to order and seasoned in the right fashion. 

A few notable items on their menu is the monte cristo which is a battered sandwich with cheese and ham. The eggs benedict's are a sure heart attack full of flavor waiting to be savored. Egg sandwiches, biscuits and gravy and specialty pancakes are also a must here. 
If your feeling for something light, the fresh fruit is very fresh and ripe for the asking.

This place also does lunch serving breakfast and lunchtime sandwiches.笑
I guess it's all about location, location, location.  I've been to the Centennial location about 3 times and in those times, I thought that the food was just okay with less than average service.  This time and at the location near Summerlin, I had a different experience.  First of all, the service is completely different here.  From start to finish, I thought that the servers and check out was easy as can be.  As for the food, I decided on trying something different since I wasn't a huge fan of their skillets in the past.  This time I decided on their Cracked Croissant.  This is their breakfast sandwich that consist of a huge buttery croissant, eggs your way, choice of cheese, and choice of meat.  I had this with turkey bacon and let me tell you, this meal way to start the day.  My croissant was so big that I ate it with a knife and a fork (my favorite utensil).  The sandwich was buttery, tasty, and even had enough macros to satisfy my daily needs. Trust me...unsure of what to get here?  At $10.95 with hash browns, try their Cracked Croissant.  

PS:  Only issue was with their hash browns.  I wanted it cooked extra crispy.  They dropped the ball on this one, but my croissant more than made up for it.笑
Went today for brunch, egg Benedict was yum. My family also enjoyed their meal . Service is good too笑
No wonder this place was voted Best in Vegas! The breakfast was very yummy! If you do want something other then breakfast, their salads are huge! 

The place gets pretty busy so expect a little bit of a wait.

If you go with the breakfast, here is a good tip get the coffee cake it is very good!笑
This place is the bomb dot com!!! My fat friends and I where going to make breakfast at home but then we where like nah so we went to babystacks but the wait was 45 minutes long!?!?? I'm telling you, we are fat. Ain't nobody got time for that! We wanted to eat already so we came here instead. 

We where seated as soon as we got there and server was nice and the food was so good! My adventurous friends got the monte cristo which was good and I got the Mexican skillet for my messican self and it was perfection.  

I'll probably be here again next week.笑
Had to abandon our attempt for breakfast off the Las Vegas strip- if you go after 9am be prepared for long waits. This restaurant is in North Las Vegas but just a 15 -20 minute ride from the Strip depending which end you coming from.

Great decor and extra clean restaurant. Lately I have found restaurants with many decorations and fixtures do not dust appropriately! The menu is unique which I like a lot! 

My husband had the monte cristo with hashbrowns and it met his expectations- and he has a pretty high bar. I had the bacon cheeseburger scramble with egg whites and it was delicious! The coffee cake was some kind of sinful pumpkin flavor and came out warm. Service was excellent- just enough attention but not annoying. Will go back again!

Well deserved Zagat ratings and Best of Las Vegas awards!笑
Always a hearty meal here for breakfast. Great service and great coffee. Feels very home. Kinda of noisy today with all the chatting, uncontrolled  kids an d the person next to me having a meeting. First time trying the homemade  hash breakfast recommended  by my server Edwin. Not to my liking I reorder  an omelet.笑
Perfect breakfast spot, they have some really good chorizo and potatoes, and omelets. Also their coffee cake is so fresh and fluffy. Service is great but it gets super packed on weekends so maybe call ahead of time to see how long the wait is. Other than that great place to eat especially for breakfast.笑
We are visiting from Cali and we came here with a party of 8 on a busy Saturday morning. They said there would be a 20 min wait. But we were seated in 10 mins. Within 5 mins had our drinks and our orders were taken. 

I am a omelet conisour so I ordered a "Wolf" omelet. It was incredible, oh and instead of toast I ordered the crumb cake. And it was amazing. We all ordered different things and it was all excellent!! 

So the bottom line is, the food is awesome, the service is top notch and the prices were very reasonable. In my book, this place is worth 5 STARS!!!!!!!!笑
Its a nice and clean place the food is great. Service is even better very polite and attentive staff I will tell everyone that loves food to come here笑
The Cracked Egg is pretty much my favorite breakfast place in Vegas! I love this place for so many reasons that I probably can't mention them all in 1 review.

Not only do they offer unique breakfasts that no one else does, but it's always very fresh and tasty. The other thing that's really awesome about this place is that they pay attention to small details. 

If your order something that comes with salsa they make sure to heat it up for you so your eggs/breakfast won't get cold. And when you order bread without butter they don't make the mistake of putting it on there.

Another thing that I absolutely love is that they offer Gluten free bread or muffins if you can't have gluten, which is the case for me.

And every time I've been here I've never had a problem with service. Every waitress is friendly, fast and efficient. They always go out of their way to make your experience super awesome.

I absolutely love it here and can't wait to eat breakfast here again when I'm back in town! A million thanks!!!

2 thumbs up for The Cracked Egg on West Cheyenne!笑
I hightly recommend this place for anyone who enjoys a nice, filling breakfast like myself. My first time coming was 10:30-11:00 am and it was a full house but didnt have a long wait time to be seated. Nor was it a long wait to be greeted and for our food to come. The food was amazing, very filling, nice amount for the buck. My wife got biscuits and gravy and could not finish the plate, but did enjoy every bite. I got chicken fried steak, absolutely wonderful. Very satisfied with my decision to come and the employees were great. I WILL be coming back笑
You will get a solid breakfast here.  The service is fast and the selection is pretty good.  But it's just ok for us.  Nothing special, just a normal breakfast house.  Doesn't stand out and the environment is very cafeteria like.  It gets VERY loud in here, and you can hear every kid complaining about their meal.  

If you are looking for a good meal with decent prices and you just need to fill your belly and go, this place will work fine for you.  If you want to enjoy your breakfast, speak with your significant other and just chill, don't bother.  We felt rushed and there was just way too much noise.

There is a patio outside in the strip mall.  I do not know if they will give you table service outdoors though.  We never asked, but if it's not too hot, that could be a good option to avoid the noise.笑
I usually love coming here, it was my go to for breakfast. But I was EXTREMELY unpleased when I saw my order and several other orders being MICROWAVED!!!! $15 breakfast for microwaved food? Really? Different management or what because who pays for a microwaved breakfast...? Maybe you guys should hide the microwave from the guests..how embarrassing笑
Now this is a breakfast house! Great quality, Great taste, and a creative menu make for a good time. I believe one would be hard pressed to leave here hungry with the portion sizes too. The eggs benedict comes in many creative varieties, all of them delicious. They also have skillet platters that are sure to fill you up. Lastly, a large slice of crumb cake comes with most breakfast platters. The enviroment is noisy, as its usually filled with customers ( Usually a good sign ) but it is clean and well kept. You can find this place on Cheyenne and Buffalo in the food court. Enjoy!笑
Decided to finally try this place out. It's a cute little place to have breakfast with a great variety of foods to choose from. 

I got the Country Benny which is biscuits and gravy with poached egg. It was really good but I couldn't finish it. I would have liked a little bit more gravy to compliment the amount of biscuits there is.

My beau got the Carnitas omelette. It was pretty good. Only complaint is that the vegetables (onions, bell pepper) needed to be cut in smaller pieces. 

On beautiful days like today you can actually sit outside to eat.笑
Great place to have breakfast instead of the usual breakfast spots. The service was friendly, but the food was not so fast coming to the tables. It is a popular restaurant with sometimes a wait. I will be returning soon to try other items on the menu.笑
Service is exceptional! Food is great! This is our (my wife & I) new spot for BCC-breakfast, chat, & coffee.笑
Their food here is so flavorful, I always enjoy everything I order and so does my boyfriend. Only reason they don't get 5 stars is because the service always kinda sucks. Servers always seem irritated, I'm sure they know how busy it's going to be on a weekend by now.笑
Went there for lunch with the hubby, and the breakfast was horrible.  The slice of ham was thin & leathery to the point of being unable to cut into it.  The hash browns were dry and tasteless.  Even the toast was badly done, one dot of butter in the middle part of burnt & dry toast.  I'll give them credit for the eggs, and that's it.笑
Super cute and delicious! Love when you can enter a restaurant and feel like you are truly in a family kitchen. The atmosphere vibe is laid back and homey. The food portions are very generous and oh so delicious! If your looking for an awesome breakfast waffle or an amazing salad for lunch this is the hidden gem! The service is great too! My only complaint is that they are only open for breakfast and lunch! Wish they were open for dinner too!笑
This place was amazing. Had country fried steak with hashbrowns and 2 eggs. Also a side of bacon and hot chocolate. Pretty busy area but did not wait very long. Our server Nicole was very nice and came back to make sure we enjoyed our food. This place is a bit pricey but I did enjoy my experience here and will come back again!笑
Nice place to get away from the strip and the temptation of a pricey breakfast buffet.  Our waiter was very pleasant and quickly brought our food out.  I had the cracked egg croissant, with choice of scrambled eggs over pepper jack and sausage.  Sadly and unexpectedly, it was the most bland thing ever.笑
ummm coffee cake sooooo fresh and delicious!!! WOWZA! this place had some amazing food and great fast service! I loved my breakfast coming into town meeting friends there was a perfect way to start my Vegas trip. The menu is filled with so many selections that the average Joe would have a hard time deciding which to choose! You want a good affordable breakfast, or any other meal this would be the yum spot!笑
They say what happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas, but there was so much bland, rubbery cheese on my thin, dead omelette that I'll probably be crapping it out for weeks.笑
The Cracked Egg has been my go-to breakfast place for the past decade. I religiously order the PESTO SCRAMBLE and always choose the seasoned potatoes. My boyfriend has tried a vast majority of their breakfast items and is never dissatisfied. Their service is on point and I've never had to wait more than 5 minutes for a seat. Love love love this place!笑
Was on vacation from Chicago looking for a place to eat while we were driving around exploring found the cracked egg very impressed food fresh and good when we return to Las Vegas will definitely go there again for breakfast. Server recommended a couple dishes she was spot on on everything she recommended笑
Great breakfast food! I love that you can substitute for egg whites (even if there is an up charge!). I wish their hours were a bit extended since it's Vegas and people work all sorts of strange hours. It's definitely a homey-feel inside the restaurant and the choices for breakfast food is wide and varied. The service is just "ok" in my opinion and they seem happy within themselves, but not all that interested in their customers. I will definitely be back - the omelets are fantastic!笑
If I could give it 4.5 stars, I would. I liked it much better than Egg and I in terms of atmosphere and food quality, but I reserve by 5 stars for the mind-blowing.

We did go on a weekend, so I knew there would be a wait -- and there was. It was a bit longer than the 10 minutes the hostess suggested -- almost 20, but we managed to get a seat and it wasn't a big deal.

I ordered eggs benedict, as I always do on my first run in a new breakfast spot and I wasn't disappointed. Of the places I've tried so far in Vegas, this was the best eggs benny I'd had... even better the Wynn's buffet.

The service was cordial, but not overly fussy. The coffee was good and even though we were seated by the bathroom/kitchen area, it wasn't really a bother. Someone's got to sit there, right?

Of the places I've been thus far, this would be my first choice when picking a breakfast spot. Looking forward to going back and trying some of their delicious-sounding omelettes.笑
I am writing this review based on one visit, so maybe it was a good day for them, but, wow, what a great breakfast! Best I've ever had in a restaurant actually. Honestly. Here's the deal: I have loved Monte Cristo sandwiches since I was a kid, not that I eat them much, but when I do I really enjoy them. For those who don't know, a Monte Cristo is a turkey, ham, and swiss on french toast, fried so the cheese is melted. The Cracked Egg's version is battered and then deep fried. It is so rich and sinful, but, my god, it is delicious. The bacon on the side was also excellent and cooked to perfection. My wife had scrambled eggs, sausage links and toast, all excellent. It's a bit pricey for a breakfast place, but you definitely get what you pay for. Highly recommend. This was the Cheyenne location, I have no idea how the others are.笑
Ok yelp said go and happily off I went. Missed my chicken fried steak so tried this place. Close, good price, super service all win win in Vegas. Def can recommend.  Mmmmmmmmmmmmm笑
One of my FAVORITE breakfast places. The staff is super friendly and makes sure everything is perfect. I ordered the Mexican skillet and added spinach and it was delicious! They amount they give you is a lot too so I had left overs to take home.   I do believe it's a family owned business and they make you feel so welcomed . 
I always recommend this spot for delicious breakfast.笑
When we walked in we were greeted by a hostess with the personality of a rock. The server was nice but the only time we saw her was when she took our order and gave us our food. If she had returned she would have known that the coffee cake she gave us was heated to the point that both my partner and I burned the tops of our mouths on it. 

The food was OK, nothing to really write home about. I had their "Homemade Corned Beef Hash". As the stars describe it "Meh, I've experienced better." I have actually had better food at the Cracked Egg up on Ann Rd. I think I'll stick to that one.笑
The place was busy and the food was okay. The staff was friendly and the food was ready very quick. For the price, you can't beat it. The eggs lacked a certain flavor/texture that I like, but overall the meal was good. I would go back.笑
Love love love this place for breakfast or brunch! I usually always get their country fried steak and eggs..never disappointed. Its hot and fresh with a great country gravy and fried breakfast potatoes. Their omelets are also delicious. And with every entree order u xan get a coffee cake. Everyday the coffee cake is a different flavor..my favorite is the banana bread coffee cake.笑
You walk in this joint and think you are going to have to wait forever as it is not a very big place, but probably because the service is quick and food comes out fast the turn over is not as long as it looks.  The skillet breakfasts are the best.  I had the veggie skillet and got it over tomatoes rather than the potatoes and it was great.  Enjoy!笑
My family and I love this place because it is fast, convenient, great service and just plain old good breakfast. I highly recommend this restaurant and it is also family friendly.笑
Always decent service and good breakfast food.笑
I am a fan. 
The fruit was tasty and sweet. The eggs were fluffy and light. The service was way
above average, loved our server. Prices are fair, around the $10 range for most
Breakfasts on the menu, give or take a few bucks.
This location is over in "the linn "... the yuppie watching was excellent, see them
uptight even as they try to relax, catch snippets of conversation that will linger
long after breakfast is done :D
Most definitely, will be back for more tasty dishes to be served up.笑
I've eaten here multiple times and I'm just now getting to write a review, lol.

Depending on what time you come, this location tends to be pretty packed. I believe the longest I had to wait for seating was about 10 minutes, nothing more.

The servers are always friendly and very attentive. Also, food comes out in very good time. Coffee and water is constantly refilled. And paying at the end of the meal consists of going up to the register.

The omelette or scramble choices here are pretty good. Do not ask for soft scramble! My eggs came out pretty runny when I asked for them not to be. But for next time, I know not to ask for soft, instead medium scramble.

The coffee cake here is to die for. I usually get a slice of it and it comes out nice and hot. They also have variations of the coffee cake from week to week.

Is it my first breakfast place joint of choice? No. But it's definitely not my last.笑
Great food great service! Nice variety!
I love the chicken fried steak and eggs with country sausage gravey!  My wife lives the strawberry cream cheese stuffed French Toast.笑
We just decided to try this place yesterday morning. We were so impressed that we came back again this morning. That says a lot, in my opinion.

Most of the food is very, very good, but I want to start things off by mentioning the one dish that caused me to drop this from a 5 to a 4 star review: the coffee cake. I'm not really a big cake fan, but after reading all of the glowing reviews, I decided to give theirs a shot. Any quality it might of had was instantly and unforgivably overridden by that distinct, tell-tale taste and texture of a microwave! What the hell? A microwave? Yeah, sure, that's the kind of taste-deadening, corner-cutting, smoke & mirrors crap people expect from a Taco Bell, but not at a place like this. It was really disappointing and, being the first dish out, a rather disheartening first-impression too. I've read people's reviews, where they talk about how "steamy" and "fresh" it is, but the steam is artificial and the "fresh" appearance is completely false. At least to anyone clever enough to understand that, unless you time things unnaturally well, no cake is likely to ever be served "steaming fresh" at a restaurant, that is. Considering how good and legitimately-fresh the rest of the food is, this approach really, REALLY baffles me. Trust me, guys, your cake would be so much better if you a) cooked several batches a day or b) just left it room temperature and honest. Microwaving your food is flat-out insulting to your business and your customers. I thoroughly enjoyed both of my meals, but I wouldn't step in that cake again. Really disgusting bullshit! Get it together!

Beyond that, everything else tasted fantastic (thus the 4 stars)! I simply detest eggs, so I order my meals without. Yesterday, I had the "Mexican skillet" and, boy howdy, it was great! The chorizo and salsa were an awesome compliment to the already phenomenal potatoes. I see myself having this same dish again quite soon. Today, I had the country fried steak and it was, honestly, one of the best I've ever eaten. The steak was tender and juicy and the breading was crisp and well-seasoned. Really, really good stuff. I will also be having it again soon. My wife had the biscuits and gravy, which she said was really good, but not quite the way she likes them. Then again, she apparently had that particular bar set quite high when she was younger. She also had the huevos rancheros, which she said was excellent. 

Also, both days, the staff was quite friendly and helpful, though I do wish people/servers would understand that "water" doesn't mean "water with lemon". I know this is apparently standard practice at many restaurants, but I personally think that, if someone orders just "water", you should probably ask if they want a strong-flavored fruit wedge submerged in it before just automatically adding it. Maybe that's just us, but much like with every other single aspect of my dining experiences, If I don't specifically ask for something, I DO NOT want it. Simple enough?

With all of that being said, there really isn't any question about us being repeat customers here. There are some problems, but the staff is pretty friendly and most of the food is absolutely phenomenal.笑
Too crowded for my taste. Coffee cake is nice and warm, food is good, not knock your socks off good. I got the regular grand slam like breakfast and it was alright. Prices are okay too, but u would t go out of my way for this place.笑
Been here many times. Always had prompt, competent service and the food is very good. A lot of variety. Make sure you try some coffee cake.笑
Enchilada omelet is outstanding! Flexible when I asked for a single pancake as well, coffee is good but they have nondairy creamer. The staff was prompt in seating me and the wait staff was friendly and responsive!笑
Love this breakfast place, service is good, food is great, servers are really nice, have come to know some of them from my freqent visits.  Also been to the one on rainbow, same thing, very consistent.笑
Big fan!  Been here about 4-5 times, the food and service are great.  Love this place!  The portion sizes are spot on and there are plenty of choices for breakfast!笑
Consistently very good. I wanted to try something different and this time I went for the pesto scramble. I normally get pancakes or French toast . Now I don't think ill ever order anything else. I personally can't eat eggs without tobacco and I was able to eat the pesto scramble plain.  Defiantly wanting to go back soon笑
I was issued a comp once I emailed the company about our first visit, we went back today. I am happy to report this visit was a lot better the manager was friendly when we walked in and the staff was very nice, the food was also very good. Thank you for a positive experience with myself my friend and out two toddlers.笑
We had a very disappointing meal this morning. Blueberry pancakes were very dry (to the point of being very crumbly) and did not have any flavor. Banana chocolate chip pancakes were not much better and they forgot to put banana in the batter - served them on the side. Potato hash that came with eggs was very soggy and flavorless. Scrambled eggs were just OK.笑
Way above average breakfast spot. To be honest...the portions are too big here...the prices are too expensive...the food is excellent and the service is very prompt. you must come here hungry or don't bother. I had the big bad wolf fluffy and folded omelet..loaded with ingredients. Wife had the tropical French toast..topped with coconut..macadamia nuts and bananas. she was thrilled with her selection. My son had the huevos rancheros. we were all happy campers..even the hash browns were delicious. This is a solid place...its a mini chain( 5 locations) in greater vegas. Noisy,crowded and very very good.笑
2 locations, amazing breakfast choices, what more could you ask for? Oh wait, and they offer lunch options too? Whenever I have friends in town or I can't get a girl to leave the morning after I make sure to take them to the Cracked Egg. I think the employees may be on to me based on the disheveled appearances of my guests during breakfast.

Right, I forgot there's actually food here too. The banana walnut pancakes are basically the nuts and their fresh fruit plate is ACTUALLY fresh fruit unlike most breakfast places. I approve of everything the Cracked Egg does including their reasonable prices and friendly wait staff.笑
OHHHH EMMMM GEEEE!!! I had the best breakfast this morning at the Cracked Egg..It was D-Lish! Their skillets are really good and that coffee cake is AMAZING! Not too much food and wasn't too pricey either. A great place for breakfast, its a little small, but you always have the option to eat outside. I must try people!!笑
i been going to this place for almost 3 years.. an i always get the steak an eggs.. soo good... a great place to bring ur family too... it gets pack on weekends but it worth waiting..笑
Had Breakfast  here this morning! Fantastic.... try the Big Bad Wolf ! Great service ... good food !! Las Vegas this is good food!笑
So babycakes had an hour wait, so we ended up here for breakfast.  Not a bad 2nd option at all!  Service was friendly and food was greasy fantastic!

I didn't sample the other peoples food, but what I got was enough to leave a greasy happy grin on my face.  mmmmmm *dreamy food coma

- Coffee Cake - This came out warm, fluffy and super sweet.  Good for a hungry girl to scarf almost all of it down

Then came....
- Cracked Egg Croissant - I had all the components that my texture whore self loves!  Melty cheese, gooey egg yolk, crispy BACON!, flaky AND toasty croissant.  The side of crispy nuggets of seasoned potato cubes rounded it out.

Conclusion:  If you can't wait for the red velvet pancakes up the street, Cracked Egg is the place to go!笑
This place gave a very homey feeling and the service was outstanding, I had the build your own skillet. It was okay maybe the way I made it messed it up lol but the strawberry coffee cake was bomb!!! I loved all the little pictures with quotes they had. I will definitely come back and try something else.笑
Great place.  Everyone was friendly, food was great, cute decor. They must be doing something right because they were packed for Sunday breakfast and the pancake chain place just down the road had 2 cars.  Well worth Te short 10 min wait.笑
So I absolutely lovvvvvvved the coffee cake. No complaints. Food was good, service was good. First visit but I'll definitely come back.笑
Bit of mixed feelings on this place, and I will tell you why...

My Eggs Benedict was not good, at least not worth it for the price. They were tasteless and the Hollandaise was watery, not thick and creamy. Ended up throwing most of it away.

Their prices are a bit much, especially on such simple items.

Although, I ate some of my fiancee's S'mores French Toast with Nutella and it was amazing. And huge portions as well. They had some really interesting menu choices that ARE worth the price.

Case in point, can be worth it if you end up getting what you pay for.笑
I've been coming here for years and not once did I leave unsatisfied. They have a nice variety for only being open for breakfast and lunch.笑
My bf & I went into the cracked egg on July 5th 2015 . Between eleven & noon.
It was very busy.
Maybe two tables available if that . We got seated very fast . Very friendly waitress 
We ordered the monte cristo 
Ham , turkey,  Swiss cheese in french toast deep fried! 
& a Denver omlet , which she kindly let me substitute sausage instead of ham. ( im 8 months pregnant & picky ) 
Both came with potatoes ( hash or seasoned , we ordered one of each)
& the omlet came with toast or coffee cake!
I ordered coffee cake.
Two waters & one soda.
To our surprise our food was ready so fast! Mayb 10 mins!
 ( idk maybe we got lucky! )
We both LOVED our meals & were so satisfied. They have large portions.
( Omlets are jade with 3 eggs) 
We both took half our meals home!
The COFFEE CAKE is to die for!
Best I've ever had. Seriously so moist & sweet. Loved it. I would go back just for the cake. 
Prices were fair. More or less IHOP type prices. ( but the quality is much better) 
Our total was 23 dollars & change. 
I have nothing to complain about. 
I didn't hear one complaint from any customers around me. I find that rare , I always here someone at least say, "oh you forgot this" but no everyone was on their game! 
My bf hates going out to dine in places, ( he's a homebody) but said he would love to come back to this place!
We plan to take family & friends here when they come out to Vegas to visit 
Great job to the staff!
A++ thanks guys!笑
Cracked Egg gets my vote for the most underrated breakfast on the NW side of Vegas. While there is a 30 min wait across the street at Babystacks, we are welcomed on a Sunday morning with the option of dining indoors or out! 
The coffee is strong, the service is great, and the food comes out pretty quickly and hot! 
I love that there are not so classis breakfast options with peppers and chilies. A huge variety of omelets, and of course some basic eggs and bacon as well. 
On my most recent visit, I went with the special on the board which was a fried French toast with berries. Literally, the BEST French toast I ever had! I devoured all 4 thick sliced and was STUFFED! 
My daughter got one of the specialty French toasts on the menus, and hers came with 6 slices. Not sure what the difference was, maybe because mine was the special. Either way I am not complaining at all, both were excellent! 
I feel like the staff has all been here for a while, and they got it down well! I also love that some of the dishes are names based on the surrounding neighborhoods. (North shore/South shore etc) 
The décor, reminds me of someone's grandmothers kitchen. I love the sign that says, "We have no Wifi, pretend it's 1995 and talk to each other". 
Delicious, home-style cooking in a neighborhood setting, perfect for everyone!笑
Easy to find and easy parking.  Good prices.  The coffee was just ok.  I got the joes scramble and it was good but not great.   Service was very good笑
Never a bad dinning experience here, like the menu. The staff always prompt and friendly.笑
We were looking for a close brunch place after Easter.  This was near by and had good reviews.  

Staff is friendly and made us comfortable.  Had a couple items that came out wrong and they were taken care of promptly.  

Overall the food was ok.  The menu is extensive and the combinations sound interesting, but none of us were won over by our meals.  Presentation is lacking, which is overlooked if the food tastes delicious, however the meals were a bit bland.  I had the Enchilada Omelet with hash browns and the coffee cake.  The sauce seemed simple and possibly was a store bought sauce, nothing stood out.  There was a fair amount of chicken and plenty of cheese, but wasn't what I thought it would be flavor wise in the end.  Hash browns were ordered extra crispy and weren't made that way.  They returned them to the kitchen and came back perfectly crisp.  The coffeecake was a nice portion, but not what I would call "coffeecake".  It was a chocolate chip cake about three inches high with a drizzle on top.  Kind of crumbly, but good flavor.  I'm just used to a more traditional denser cake with a heavy brown sugar crumb on top.  

I asked the rest of the group what they thought and they all kind of said their meal was ok.  I would eat here again if nearby, but wouldn't go out of my way to come here.笑
Choose this location over the painted mirage one! Food is always what should be & they comply with allergies. 

They're quick & much more friendly. 10/10笑
I was not very impressed with this restaurant.  Prices were ok but the menu was not easy to read and highly unimpressive creations.  I may go back, then again I may not.  3 stars as I am undecided.笑
Headed there this Sunday morning...Busy as usual.  We were told 15 min wait but it was more like 1/2 an hour.  This morning my hubby ordered the veggie skillet (seasoned potatoes, shrooms, broccoli, spinach & tomatoes , eggs) & added corned beef.  I had the California Omelette (avocado, bacon & jack cheese) with the skillet potatoes.  

My omelette was fine.  The bacon inside was not cut up causing it to be a bit more difficult to bite into without taking half the bacon in a single bite!The potatoes were perfect-no grease what so ever! My hubby was pleased with his skillet but was slightly disappointed that it took forever to get his coffee (which is not worth the $2.00 price). 

Given how busy the place was, service was good (even with the lag in coffee).  We also had an $8.00 coupon sent to us by that Cracked Egg making it a good deal.  Withoout the coupon I doubt we would make a special trip out there any time too soon.笑
I enjoy going to the cracked egg. I don't go often, but when I do--it's usually this location (although I've been to all of them), and they seem to always get it right here. I've never had to complain about my food (although I order the same thing every time for brunch-chicken fingers and hash browns with whatever coffee cake is being served). That's unless I get the BLT, which is great as well. The feel of the location is very "at home having brunch or lunch in your kitchen," it's small, usually packed, but the staff is great at getting people in and out in a timely and orderly fashion. Try to avoid the location off Ann/95--there's always issues there.笑
I went here during lunch on a Saturday. I ordered the North Shore Scramble and my friend ordered the Eggs Benedict. I was impressed with both. The North Shore Scramble has bacon, chicken and a topping of swiss cheese. Half an avocado caps it all off. Also, make sure to try the coffee cake. It is very good.笑
I thought it was a decent breakfast.
We had a 2-1 coupon from the R-J.
Coffee was good.
I think the atmosphere was pretty bland.
It was kind of dark inside, with no TV monitors. 

Don't think I'd return unless I had a coupon.
3 stars.笑
i love the whole wheat pancakes...they have a delicious cinnamon flavor to them.  they're best with bananas baked in!  i also love that you can order just one if you want; and that you can get a side of straight berries.  

there's usually a wait, which is the only bummer, but it's worth it.  and once you sit down, they don't rush you, which is nice.笑
First time there .great service yummy food I had the south shore scramble. Very good . Will be back for sure. Great coffee笑
Best breakfast place in town (coming from a person who could eat breakfast food 24/7, 365 days a year). One thing to add. Always get their seasoned potatoes on the side. Always. They won't tell you what's in their seasoning because it's a secret. Believe me, I tried. Was told the coffee cake can bring you closer to God. Good prices for fantastic food. Clean and comfortable. Cute decorations. Friendly staff. Would give 10/10 stars if I could.笑
this place is a quaint little place that we met friends at.  Went based on their recommendations a lot but this place is very efficient. the staff was great and helpful, always responding to us quickly.  
the food was good and came out exactly how we wanted it.  there are many options on the menu for all taste buds.  I got the fruit side with my eggs and it was a nice change with grapefruit, watermelon and honeydew rather than your typical fruit mix.  It was all nice and fresh too. Per their recommendation we shared a piece of the crumb cake.  Wasn't your typical crumb cake, more like a light fluffy piece of cake with some cream cheese bottom and icing on top but it was well balanced and the cheese wasn't overwhelming. My understanding is the flavors change too, will have to see. 
They do have a frequent rewards/point card that they tell me gives you good coupons.  Would definitely go back.笑
Food here at the Cracked Egg is always excellent! Never had a bad meal. Usually have to wait for a table, but worth it! Staff is friendly! Great family atmosphere.笑
This is one of my first and favorite breakfast places to eat in Vegas. I was in the neighborhood so I decided to stop by. 

I ordered my usual the Northshore Scramble which has tomatoes, grilled onions, bacon, Jack and Cheddar cheese, with sour cream on  top. It came with seasoned potatoes and I ordered avocado on the side. It was good as always especially on top of the buttered sourdough bread. The seasoned potatoes also had a good flavor and they were not salty. 

My husband ordered a Tuna Salad sandwich with a side of fries. They accidentally gave him fresh fruit but when they found out their mistake they also gave him  his fries. I had a bite of the sandwich and the tuna was really good it had a "zing" to the taste. 

I like the location of this Cracked Egg because it's inside a little mini food court that has a Starbucks, Subway, Gyro, and Pizza place. It has something for everyone just in case you are with people with different tastes you can all eat together in their outdoor seating area.笑
OMG!!!!!!!!! If you give this place anything less then 4 stars then you need your head checked. Unless there was a bug or hair or some other foreign object in your food, or the service was completely rude or terrible, then you've got NOTHING to complain about. Banana walnut pancakes are incredible.笑
Had breakfast for the first time here the other day. A very pleasant atmosphere to dine in and eat. The Decorations sure give a good complement to the place. I had a Denver omelette with there freshly squeezed orange juice. I would definitely recommend this place to anyone that would love to have a great breakfast.笑
Been coming here with family for years. Food is always delicious. But almost $4 for a small glass of OJ. I could have gotten a whole gallon for that price. Kinda crazy笑
What a great breakfast I've had in a while. The servers were very fast and awesome. The bathrooms were extremely clean and the food was very good. It was the best piece of bacon I've had in a long time. I can't exactly say the price because I didn't pay. The quality of the food was great though. And the coffee cake was very tasty and warm of pumpkin flavor. I would come to dine here again when in my adventures of Vegas.笑
First official brunch after relocating to Vegas from NY. Had the cheeseburger skillet. The dish was well prepared and seasoned. Asked for eggs to be over medium but came in over easy, however there'hing wrong with runny eggs over your bacon cheeseburger goodness. The included coffee cake with its sweet notes and creamy center was an excellent compliment to the dishes savory notes. 

Menu pricing is fair. Service is stellar. 

 Store opens at 6am..perfect. 

I would see myself frequenting this place.笑
Ok. This is a traditional breakfast restaurant. They open early and close early, so no breakfast at dinner time for you Las Vegas night shift workers. The servers here are friendly. The meals come in heaping portions. Great breakfast restaurant if you are really hungry and ready to eat!!笑
I love breakfast.  My last meal on earth would definitely involve bacon.  I'm also cursed with Celiac Disease, which makes finding breakfast quite a difficult feat.  With this being said, I'm absolutely thrilled to have discovered The Cracked Egg on my yearly birthday trip to Vegas.  

Don't be fooled by the cheesy stripmall-esque appearance of this restaurant.  'Tis a fine establishment.  If gluten is not a part of your life, you will love the gluten free pancakes that are served.  Since being diagnosed, I've had some gummy-ass, disgusting pancakes at other restaurants.  The Cracked Egg however serves up two huge gluten free pancakes.  Pair this with a banana topping, eggs and their crisp bacon and you've got a Full House!  

Don't worry - you gluten eaters can enjoy a great selection of foody faire as well!笑
By far, one of my favorite local Sunday morning restaurants. It's usually pretty packed from 9:00am to noon, but definitely worth the wait. Their food is great, reasonable prices, and the staff is really courteous.笑
Amazing breakfast. I had the chili verde rancheros, and it was served in a skillet. The flavor, and the quantity of each ingredient was so well done, it would be very hard to beat.笑
I don't care what location you go to I have just 3 words:
THE VEGGIE BENNY 

Ok, ok one more word:
PANCAKES 

I've been to every location and used to go to the Cheyenne one every week when I first moved to Vegas 10 years ago. I care about nothing when I walk through those doors except the pancakes and the veggie benny. I don't care about poor service, unfilled water cups,a dirty table, mediocre other food items...Just give me the pancakes and the veggie benny and all is forgiven!笑
This place was OK, the service was attentive and friendly but the food took a few minutes longer than breakfast and a sandwich should take. My sandwich wasn't any to write home about. The price is cheap so that's why I gave it 3 stars.笑
One of my favorite breakfast spots in all of Las Vegas! Every item I have tried has been fantastic. Definitely would recommend going here.笑
This place isn't bad, but it usually very busy and the food is inconsistent.  Sometimes it's great, other times I get mad.  Don't usually have customer service issues though, and they do try to be accommodating.  It's the hallmark of a mediocre food place when the quality of the food can vary that much depending on who is cooking that day.  

I will go here if I need to, but don't actively go out of my way to eat here.  Don't get me wrong, when it's a good cook it's worth the wait and the money, I just hate the inconsistency.笑
Came here for some breakfast.  I had the chorizo and eggs which was good but the eggs could have been cooked a little more.  Other than that the meal was good.笑
I came here on a Sunday morning for brunch. We sat outside since it was a nice warm day and thankfully, there were misters. I got the Southwest Scramble and iced coffee. The portions here are big so I had trouble finishing my plate but it was delicious! Service was a little slow at times but they were busy that day. I just wish they'd have more people on the staff to check on people outside, as well. That being said, it was a great breakfast over all and I'd definitely come back to try more on the extensive menu :)笑
Gr8 breakfast menu and delicious coffee cake. Creative egg dishes, Mexican breakfast and tasty pancakes.  Service is good, generous servings, and roomy tables and booths. Fresh squeezed orange juice and a variety of fresh fruit.  Lots of sides and gr8 coffee.笑
Terrible terrible service, the coffee was watered down... coffee cake was tasteless and my toast finally came when I was finished with my food. the chicken in the green omelet was really dry. I waved down the hostess while she was having a conversation with an employee and she put her finger up for me to wait... and she finished her conversation (which I could hear because she was a table away)... go to rise and shine, bite, crepe expectations... much better service. The server asked if everything was good. I told her no and she jumped to say have a nice day... that's it... no apology笑
The coffee cake!!

My only issue was on Memorial Day/Veterans day they would only give military discount if in uniform... Most of us don't go around in uniform to eat!

Overall it was a good experience and the service was quick笑
My first trip to the Cracked Egg & it was pretty good. I have passed this place a million times & have heard of it over the years that I have lived here, but had never made it in. 

So one day on a whim & the fact that I was starving, we ventured down here on a Sunday, fairly early I might add, so the wait wasn't too bad. 

It was still pretty busy, which is always a good sign ;) 

I perused the menu & finally decided on the Sweet potato skillet, however, I opted for ham instead of bacon. It was definitely interesting. Sweet potatoes, green apples, muenster cheese, ham, grilled onions & an egg over easy to top it off, with a side of coffee cake as well. 

It was pretty good, considering the sweet potatoes could've been seasoned a little better, nothing a lil hot sauce couldn't fix though ;) I would probably order it again. The coffee cake was super moist & delicious too, and I'm not a huge coffee cake fan either. 

I would definitely come back & look forward to trying some of the other menu items.笑
We came here by default because the ever so popular babystacks was over an 1 hour and 20 minute wait. 

The wait wasn't too long here, we waited a good 15 minutes on Sunday - Mother's Day to be exact. 

We ordered:

The Cracked Croissant - $10.75 we love buttery croissant breakfast sandwiches, so this was a definite for us. We chose sunny side up eggs and the runny yolk was rich and delicious with the sandwich. We also chose the sausage patty and a side of soggy hash browns - I'm thinking of asking them to make them well done and crispier next time. Overall I really enjoyed this dish. It was simple, but everything combined made for a great (expensive) breakfast sandwich. 4/5


Cakes & Eggs Combo - $8.50 I chose sunny side up eggs (comes with 2), bacon (comes with 2), and substituted the regular pancakes (comes with 2) with the Coconut macadamia pancakes (comes with 2) - bad decision.

The sunny side eggs were fried to perfection - both eggs had an extremely luscious and runny yolk. The eggs were very sweet and fresh. I wish the bacon was crispy, it was rather soggy. 3/5 

Now onto the pancakes, they had an extra cost to substitute them ($1.50 or so) for the coconut macadamia pancakes. So not worth it! Although the pancakes were fluffy, they were also very dry. The pancakes had the faintest coconut flavor (actually, I barely tasted it) the "coconut flavor" was more like a prank. It did have dry coconut flakes, which was not texturally pleasing and only 7 small pieces of macadamia nuts throughout the entire pancake! It sounded better on paper than what was actually brought to the table. I wasn't satisfied or happy with these pancakes - they were a lie. 1/5

It was pricey for what we ended up getting. My favorites were their sunny side up eggs and the sausage. You can get that anywhere!笑
Nothing out of this world. Food was good, did not eat there so I really cannot comment on service. I will say this, they were pretty fast.笑
Great breakfast stop. Been eating here for years and I seem to always get chicken fried steak! I highly recommend seasoned potatoes, they are amazing. Service is hot and cold but mostly hot.笑
My friends and I decided to try this place out for breakfast. It was quite far from where we were staying in downtown, but still a pretty good place for breakfast. There was about a 10 minute wait, the place was pretty busy when we got there. 

There were about 2 waitresses waiting on all tables. It took some time for someone to finally come to take our orders. We were waiting I'd say about 10 minutes or so. We decided to order specials that was on the board. Overall taste of food was pretty good. We had Daisy's Benie and one other type of special, which I can't remember at the moment. Both were fully loaded and there was so much food on the plate including some fried potatoes and we couldn't finish our dishes. Daisy's Benie was tasted like a Mexican type dis and was full of flavor. I would definitely eat here again, yet try something new.笑
This is THE BEST breakfast restaurant in Las Vegas hands down. The food is wonderful and the service is impeccable. Our favorite servers are Aurelia and Alfredo. They are great! We go there so often that when my husband and I arrive they have two diet cokes at our table before we even order. Can't beat that!笑
You wake up some time between 8am and 10am, ready to get your weekend started. You're a Las Vegas resident. You live off the strip. It's time to get some grub. Where do you go? The Cracked Egg is your only thought. 

That's right folks, The Cracked Egg presents hearty, diner-style food at reasonable prices. Sure, you might not have unlimited champagne, bloody mary's or mimosas... but the flavor of the food here can't be beat. 

My party of 4 was thoroughly pleased... I had the special, which was some sort of grilled chicken with spinach and mushrooms and cheese on sourdough bread. The chicken was succulent, not overdone but not underdone. The sourdough was toasty and firm (not soggy from sitting too long). The mushrooms and spinach tasted fresh and coupled with the cheese provided a great flavor/texture contract. 

My dad had the South Shore omelette... he actually finished everything. That's a good sign for him. 

Other diners had the Carnitas Omelette and Eggs Benedict. 4 thumbs up from them. 

Service was great, never had to ask for more coffee or water. Atmosphere isn't sexy or trend-setting, but comfortable and fitting. The bill was reasonable... about what you'd expect from any diner in the country. I'd definitely go there again!笑
Friendly Hostess and waitstaff was seated quickly and had a wonderful breakfast.  Had a bite of my husband's Jalapeño Bacon it has a spicy delicious kick to it!   South Shore Scramble accented with half of an avocado is  yummy !    Usually got to the Cracked Egg on Cheyenne but glad we went to this location today!笑
Delish breakfast!
Awesome service! Good coffee and overall food is served in big portions and substitutes are always an option.  Caters to non meat eaters too!笑
Small place and busy but definitely worth the wait.  Most waitstaff is very friendly, food is amazing, gluten free options are terrific, and it's right down the street; we come about once a week.笑
This place is awesome. Hands down the best breakfast joint in Las Vegas. My wife and I eat here every week. The food is very good. The cooks are excellent and also present the food very well. The service is completely phenomenal. The wait staff there are hand-picked and fit the environment of the restaurant. They care about the restaurant and seem like a big family. If your server doesn't bring you a coffee refill, someone else will. 

To anyone that thinks Babystacks is better: the village must have lost an idiot. We went to Babystacks this morning.  It was horrible. The seating is very uncomfortable. The staff is all young and seem very inexperienced. The food was subpar with a higher price tag.  Would never eat there again. 

Cracked Egg you are awesome and your owners must really know how to run a restaurant. Unlike most of the other restaurants in town. Great job.笑
This place is really delicious. Food is good and comes out relatively quickly. The coffee cake is really great because it's always different and I think it's homemade so always tastes fresh love that. 

Okay so why 2 stars? Honestly the service is mediocre at best. Our actual server was very nice and friendly but the rest of the staff was very unprofessional. ***EVERYTIME*** we come in the staff is just sitting around eating and acting like it's their break room...I get it, you were busy and now you're hungry but you should keep some sort of professionalism. You're not closed yet so don't act like you are. "Shit where are the bussers" is what one guy said in response to most the booths needing to be bussed. We watched staff eating then handling fresh food without washing their hands. I'm in the industry... That is a basic guideline to not spreading your germs. I'm not looking for 5 star service but just some professionalism. One girl literally was spinning a coin on the counter the entire time and then dropping it on the floor over and over. It was really annoying... 

I hope that they can tell the staff to act a little more professional so we don't have to feel like we are interrupting their break everytime we dine there. It ruins the experience and it's happened so many times I had to write something.笑
The Cordon Bleu skillet -- one of the best egg dishes I have ever had.  Friendly service, casual vibe.笑
I had breakfast there with family members. The omelettes were OK but not outstanding. The food was good in general, as in tasty enough, but it just was run-of-the-mill. We expected better from a breakfast place. 

The server was almost useless and probably colors our opinion of the food. She was more interested in saying "no" than in saying "I will be glad to do that for you". She says management prohibits substitutions. I never heard of a breakfast place not allowing a swap of toast ofr pancakes. I could care less if i pay a little more, they just do not allow it without buying two complete breakfasts. 

I would have given this place four stars but gave two for the poor service and very slow coffee refills.笑
Tried this place for the first time today . I have drives in this plaza with tropical smoothie and the other stores multiple times and never even knew this restaurant was here . All the booths were taken when we went here , and we took that as a good sign. We didn't have to wait longer than maybe 15 minutes for one though. They have a good kids menu and good pencils and activity menu to keep the children entertained. I had a breakfast burrito with eggs potatoes and cheese and added spinach and it was delicious. The service was very good and they were very attentive and on top of everything . We were very happy with everything and will definitely be going back笑
I've been here twice for breakfast. The portions are nice but the prices are a little high. The first time I went I had the eggs benedict, which would have been wonderful if it weren't for the mysterious piece of gristle in my ham. They serve the eggs on a very thick slice of ham, which had a really smooth smoky flavor.The home fries are delicious! The second time I went was on a Saturday morning, which meant waiting for 45 minutes for a table. That time I ordered the chicken fried steak, which was very satisfying. It was a large piece of steak and had the nice crispy crust that I like. The gravy was rich and smooth, not chalky like some tend to be. My Mother-in-law ordered the french toast and loved it. 

I really like this place, it's just too long of a wait and a little overpriced.笑
I used to consult for a Vegas telecom business, and each and every time I went I would beg my clients to go to the Cracked Egg with me.  Situated at the Flynn Gallagher plaza next to Starbucks, this little gem of a place serves up the best Eggs Benedict ever - I usually get mine with Avocado and Tomato because I'm a bleeding-heart vegetarian, and they are so divine.  I actually sit on the plane ride there and daydream the whole time (and salivate, too) about what I'm going to inhale at this charming little nook.  

This client of mine hired other consultants, too, who flew in from various places as Denver and New Jersey and Texas, and we all agreed that we would somehow conspire to conjure up a reason to have a business breakfast/lunch at the Cracked Egg.笑
This place is amazing!! While in Vegas, my family and I were trying to find a great place to have breakfast and we came across The Cracked Egg via Yelp and so glad we decided to try it. The food is fantastic and the staff was so great!! Thank you!笑
Customer service is good but always feeling rushed to finish my food on a week day afternoon when I'm just trying to relax. 
& drink prices are little over priced, $3 for orange juice and they don't do any refills.笑
One of my favorite breakfast places to come to when in Las Vegas. They know what over medium is for eggs and well toasted for the toast means. Been coming here for the last couple of years since I found it on Yelp.笑
I stopped here for breakfast yesterday and it was very good.  I ordered the Tropical French toast, two pieces of bread dipped in egg, coated with some toasted coconut and macadamia nuts, and nicely grilled.  

I sat at the counter and the place was quite busy.  Maybe it just seemed that way because no one was eating outside because it was RAINING!  

Service was very quick and everyone was pleasant and had a nice smile.  I only had one cup of coffee but I was asked about a refill.  I was giving platelets later and I didn't want to be sitting the hour and a half in the chair when the coffee want to leave me.  Also, thanks to the restaurant for having a half order as an option.  That was just enough!

One thing that would really make this breakfast tropical would be to replace the maple syrup with coconut syrup.  Now that's tropical!笑
I would even add another half star to this. I didn't give it 5 stars only because I don't think breakfast should cost $12.00.  BUT......
Food was so good!  And big sized. Biscuits and gravy are phenomenal, homemade. Meals are served with big slices of coffee cake. And service is so friendly.  There's a wait, but it goes fast.  We ordered biscuits & gravy, southwest scramble, and Benedict ole. Everything was tasty and hit the spot. Leaving here stuffed and happy.笑
We drove all the way out here to try Babycakes not knowing they'd have an excruciatingly long line, so we turned to Yelp to find something nearby that would satisfy our breakfast needs.  Up popped Cracked Egg.  We were already in the area anyways, and reading all the great reviews, we decided to head on down.  

Much shorter wait ... about 5 minutes.  Still nice and busy.  Kind of a random strip mall to be located in - almost industrial looking ... but then again, considering it seemed most of the restaurants outside the strip seemed to be in this kind of environment, I think that's just how Vegas rolls? 

Ambiance inside was nice, however, and the servers were super sweet and helpful.  The three of us girls were starving so after a thorough gander through the menu, my friend ordered the Veggie Benny (Vegetarian Benedict since she hates Canadian bacon), I ordered the Country Benny (because my fat arse really wanted some gravy), and my other friend ordered the Croissant French Toast.  Got to choose from either hash browns or seasoned potatoes.  My friend asked the server if they made their own hash browns or if they came from the frozen industrial stuff.  Unfortunately it came from the frozen variety, so we opted for the seasoned potatoes.  Luckily, the seasoned potatoes are delicious - so no sacrifice there!  We also ordered ourselves some orange juice and coffee.  Came with your typical diner - accompaniments (half & half creamers and sugar).  Considering all the crap that's in that weird half & half, we decided to ask her for some milk, instead, and luckily, she was super cool about it :)  

My country benny was very good...super fulfilling, too.  Wish the gravy were just a tad more flavorful - it was a bit bland for country-style gravy, but hey..I'm a gravy sucka and as long as it was smothered on my biscuit and sausage, I was still a happy girl.  All in all, I'm not sure if I'd go out of my way to eat here again, but would definitely not be against it if we happened to find ourselves out round these parts.笑
The staff was nice and professional. The food was good and hot!!! I will eat here again when I returned to Vegas.笑
Always Very Very good. The Big Bad Wolf or Kicking potatoes are my personal Fav. I can't go 5 stars because they changed thier coffe cake recently (for the worse). It's always a good sign when a places hours are from 7-3, to me it's a sign of a good breakfast place!笑
We enjoyed brunch with my in-laws this morning. Worth the wait. Good food and service. I shared the spinach salad and California omelet with my wife. The cinnamon coffee cake was delicious. This will be a tradition when we visit family. Good value, too.笑
Their build your own skillets are amazing. But the coffee cake is why I go back! It's always a different flavor and delicious!笑
The Service is great, the Food is awesome. Coffee cake yummy, pancakes fabulous . I recommend this place whenever u r in Las Vegas!笑
Popped in here for brekky wiv the Missus. She had a omelette and coffee and I had chicken fried steak and eggs and an OJ. Both breakfasts were delicious and the service was great..It was a reasonable price and would recommend this place to anyone..

Its where the locals seem to go so you know it will be nice..笑
I love this little gem. The breakfast menu is so good. I love all the choices and imagination here. So many places do a same ole same ole approach to the most important meal of the day, but the folks at the Cracked Egg start the day off right with fresh made coffee cake and Delicious dished that will elate your palate. 

I love you Cracked egg. Now gimme a little of that sugar.笑
Great breakfast dishes and friendly and helpful servers.
What more do you need in an egg restaurant?

I highly recommend the Veggie Eggs Benedict. It's delicious!笑
I posted a pic so you could see.  The helps' drinks are all kept on the counter, just inches from where the customer eats.  At one pt, a waiter left a piece of coffee cake on the counter, on "his side" of the misc dirty dishes, and when I asked, "is this mine?" he said that it was for another customer.  So its a holding spot, a sipping station for the waitstaff, AND a counter for the customers.  I literally gobbled 2 bites of my tasty, hot food, had it boxed up, and ate at home, from my own clean counter.  Also the wait staff yell standing over you, from the computer on one side, to the kitchen on the other.
So many places to eat in Vegas....it was stressful, dirty, and no separation from my dishes and dirty dishes.  The health dept should really show up and eat at the counter sometime.  By the time they said they were charging me for salsa for my eggs, I said, "sure, why the hell not?  You've already made this a horrible experience."笑
Fast and friendly service mixed with great food. Wait times can be long on weekends, but well worth it.笑
The best breakfast hand down, service is great and they have great offer for repeated guests.
If you haven't been there you better start going, you won't regret it.笑
Mmmmmyeah no. I don't know how this strip mall spot has such amazing reviews because there was not a thing stand out or special about this greasy spoon. Sure? You have the option of coffee cake in lieu of toast.... But it's basically angel food cake with apples in it, so I'm not sure what's exciting about that. Two people in my party excitedly ordered the corned beef hash and neither were excited about or finished their plate. I had the sweet potato and apple skillet which would've had potential if it were a) seasoned even a little b) someone had enough knife skills to properly dice an onion. I really don't need an apple-slice sized piece of caramelized onion. Lastly, the Munster cheese melted on the top just turned into a congealed mess before it even made it to the table.
1 star for pleasant service, 1 star for perfectly
Poached eggs.笑
First timer. Had the Monte Cristo. It was delicious! Service was fantastic. I'll be back.笑
I'm not usually on the West side, but this place was pretty good! Their Egg Benedict was well worth it!

-Clean place (& bathroom!)
-Friendly staff
-Good breakfast/brunch food笑
One of the best breakfast places I have eaten at. I come here every time I am in Vegas for business. The prices are reasonable and the food is really good. I highly recommend this place to anyone looking for a good place to have breakfast.笑
It's open only for breakfast/lunch hours. Is located in a food court setting, with outdoor seating options. Device was friendly as fast. Seats are metal with some cushion. Not the type to stay for hours, but serviceable comfy. For a neighborhood breakfast joint, it delivers better than expected. 

Will definitely come again.笑
It's sorta like Denny's but the menu was more creative... and they had real orange juice.
I wouldn't mind going back again but it will be a while before that happens.笑
I stopped in while having my car serviced next door.  Clearly a fairly large contingent of regulars!  I didn't have any fancy.. just sausage,eggs and coffee but the service was fast and friendly.笑
The chicken fried steak is as good as anything I've ever had in Dixie, and the service was likewise. Excellent alternative to Baby Cakes, and destined to be just as famous.  Great place!笑
Mom and I stopped in to my favorite breakfast joint on the way to the airport.  I decided to try something I haven't tried before, so I went with the Peanut Butter & Cream Cheese stuffed French Toast w/Bananas.

After a short wait, our oder came out.....their portions are enough to feed two people!  I wish they offered a 1/2 order.  Oh well, I did my best to finish this thing, but it proved to be too much for me.  The combination of Peanut Butter and Cream Cheese was awesome!  It was so good I didn't need any Syrup or Butter added to it.
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/74pWjFssgqyhaVg-YCUo3A?select=sJ_90yVfA6dYgPpZs5qXQg

Another great breakfast experience!

Return Factor - 100%笑
I'm just gonna start by saying i think they should re-name this place, "the crack-egg" because its probably more addicting than crack. (j/k i wouldn't know). But really. I love breakfast. I love eggs benedict. I love dessert first. I love the Cracked Egg. 

I came here this past weekend with a friend and we decided to share a RED VELVET COFFEE CAKE to start. Amazeballs. And it was definitely worth sharing, cause that thing was HUGE. Then we tried the peanut butter french toast. A little too sweet and not peanut-buttery enough for my taste, but it was good. I'll try the croissant french toast next time. And then I had an eggs benedict. By myself. It was delish! I know, i eat like hungry hippo.

Service was alright, nothing to write yelp about. Atmosphere was pleasant. Price was appropriate. I'll definitely be back to eat my way through the rest of the menu :)

The missing star is because of the wait.. Not their fault , but what can i say, i was feelin the HANGER. :/笑
Best breakfast the west coast has ever seen.  From eggs and sausage, to french toast. Been going here for years and it never dissapoints. Everything is always fresh, quick and inexpensive. And their home fries are awesome!笑
Best breakfast place in Vegas hands down. If you love breakfast, you'll love the Cracked Egg.

Had a weird experience at the Cheyenne location. Being younger, I assume that my server assumed me being young meant that I would tip her less than 20%. That was not the case as she ignored me my whole experience. I took it up to the register and the problem wasn't addressed. I got a measly senior discount. Though I appreciate a discounted check for a mediocre experience, that doesn't change anything.

Also noticed that their is an option between COFFEE CAKE or TOAST..

She insisted on just asking me what kind of TOAST I wanted. I didn't want TOAST. I wanted COFFEE CAKE and as a returning guest, I let her know that. 

Other experiences at the location have been awesome. As well as the fe visits i've paid to the ANN location.

I am a big fan of their seasoned potatoes.笑
This was our second visit to Cracked Egg in the last 3 weeks.  Both times the 3 of felt that while the food was good the portions size was lacking for the $$.
Ignacio had the eggs benedict and there was as most a couple tablespoons of hollandaise sauce spread across the tops of the two soft poached eggs.  Of course when he asked for more a nice portion arrived. Uriel had a chicken wrap and again while good it lacked a decent amount of goodies inside.  I had the Corned beef Reuben and again lacked a nice amount of meat and even kraut, also the rye was not well toasted.
We will  probably try here again for breakfast as the service was great and friendly.笑
This really is a pretty good breakfast spot. Good service, good food.
My husband loves their biscuits and gravy, so we come here at least a couple times a month.笑
Hidden gem in north Las Vegas.  The location is lousy, the tables are wobbly, and the lighting is gloomy.  But the food is 1950's ambrosia.  The service is very friendly and accommodating.  Bonus - they speak Spanish if you want to eat your eggs while hearing a foreign language.  (Our server spoke perfect English.)

We had a large party and they sat us within 20 minutes at the tail need of breakfast. Seriously delectable oatmeal.   Eggs and bacon were near if not perfect.  And the omelets, eggs Benedict, and sweet rolls were amazing.  I'm really glad I was able to try a bite of everything.  That oatmeal plate they have was huge - filled with fruit and granola.  But the rest was so good I couldn't help but try.

Nice job y'all! We'll be back with out appetites.笑
The coffee cake is awesome. I think it was pumpkin raisin bread. Not sure if that is their regular coffee cake or if its a seasonal cake. I went twice to the same location. The first time I tried their Southwest Scramble, menu said chorizo and jalapeño. Sounded pretty good at the time. It was ok, not what I expected...Not much chorizo and the jalapeños were the pickled kind, wasn't expecting pickled jalapeño with eggs, but it wasn't bad.....you get a nice portion of potatoes. The second time I went back I ordered your simple bacon and eggs, I was less impressed the second time around. My food was barely warm. The servings were a little skimpier this time, but the coffee cake was still the best part. I may go back, but probably won't be a regular spot.....still searching for that perfect breakfast place.笑
I had the eggs benedict with seasoned potatoes and finish my breakfast with a coffee cake and everything was  amazing. The service was excellent. Daisy was my waitress, she is very nice and attentive. I discover a gem in Las Vegas. I'll definitely come back.笑
I'm very impressed. I've owned my owned a restaurant before, and I appreciate excellent service. These folks provide friendly (always with a smile) and lightning fast service, along with.perfectly prepared food every time. A pleasant experience every visit. HIGHLY recommend.笑
Very fast, fresh and awesome food. I ordered Toris Burrito and loved every bite! I highly recommend this place! The next time Im going to order the crosiant!笑
Service and food were just alright. Prefer the Original Pancake house for taste. Price is about the same.笑
This location is closed.  Web site needs updating!  Five stars for experience at other locations!笑
I probably have dined here a dozen times. Very good food that is consistent. Excellent customer service. I highly recommend their scrambles. Especially Joes scramble.笑
Got horrible service. Two groups sat down after us and got served first. Our waitress helped other tables several times before checking on us while we're still waiting for our food. The food wasn't even that great. And when my daughter wanted to get a different drink, they charged us! First and last time my family eats here.笑
Good breakfast good coffee good people !
Get some grub before morning activities 
Only one thing ......
No wifi arghhhhhhh!!!!!!
All good though !!!笑
Was in Vegas for a family Bday and was looking for a local breakfast spot. Yelped and found the egg. Busy place! in a food court? Had my doubts but the food was good and the service was good. Nothing SUPER but GOOD. Probably would go again.笑
Service was fast! Food was amazing ! Price was really cheap! $22 for two meals. The place was packed but they were still quick. We were in and out in 25-35min. The staff and cook are in there A game! The eggs benne were on point!笑
I am Gluten intolerant, so eating out is very limiting. I was so pleased to see a note on Cracked Egg's dry erase board that said to ask about their gluten free options. I began to squeal and jump up and down when they handed me an ENTIRE gluten fee menu to choose from!!!  I got the garden omelet and it was delicious. They also offer gluten free pancakes!!   The only thing I hope they get in the future is gluten free bread so that I can enjoy some toast or one of their yummy sandwiches.  :)
Thank you Cracked Egg!!!笑
I love breakfast.  I particularly love breakfast when someone else makes it for me - enter diner breakfasts!

We've been going to this location of the Cracked Egg sporadically for nearly 10 years now.  I started off always having their solid eggs and turkey sausage plate, but now that my diet is more plant strong these days, this time I opted for the Veggie Skillet - and I'm sooooo glad I did!  Fresh broccoli, mushrooms and spinach sauteed and served over the Cracked Egg's signature seasoned potatoes - topped with two eggs over easy. I requested no cheese - and didn't miss it at all.  So fresh and so good!  

One thing I was happy to see was that the wait was much shorter than I remember for a Sunday - about 10 minutes. I have a feeling that's due to more breakfast options opening in the area.   We tried to go to Babycakes but they had an hour and fifteen minute wait!  Bad for fans of Babycakes, good for fans of the Cracked Egg!笑
The egg-themed breakfast joints in Vegas tend to blend together after a while, and while the Cracked Egg is very good, there's nothing terribly distinctive about it either.

We came on a Saturday morning about 10 a.m., so it was prime time, but despite that, we were seated within five minutes. The service was great, with someone taking our drink orders right away and the waitress following up soon thereafter. The menu covers the basics -- omelets, scrambles, skillets and griddle items -- with everything customizable to your liking.

Our drinks came out promptly, and so did the coffee cake that came with my girlfriend's scramble. You'll read about this coffee cake in other Yelpers' reviews, and with good reason: It's warm, soft, slightly gooey, and positively designed to make you crave coffee, as good coffee cake should.

The rest of our food was made perfectly to order, and while not the greatest food ever, definitely solid. The seasoned potatoes could have been a bit more seasoned, but then again, I compare all to the Egg & I's potatoes, so ... sorry, Cracked Egg. ;) Our water and coffee were kept filled and our check came promptly.

Because I live on the opposite side of the valley from the Cracked Egg, I probably wouldn't seek it out again (as other comparable venues such as Eggworks are closer), but if I was in the neighborhood one morning? Sure!笑
I had breakfast here today and was very pleased with everything. The server was very friendly a little slow but I can understand being it was so packed on a Sunday morning. The wait to be seated was said at 15-20 minutes and it was about 15 minutes I'd say. But I ordered the raspberry French toast and a side of sausage links, it was very delicious! I have never seen where someone took French toast and between the bread is like a raspberry jam or filling. Was topped with fresh raspberries that tasted like it came right off the plant! Very goooood! Then the sausage was the nice big thick links which I love and they were delicious also! Came to around 14$ for the meal not including the tip so to me was worth it. I also liked the place it self with the decorations and the way they have it set up ;). Definitely will be coming back to try the peanut butter French toast next!笑
I only have good things to say about the Cracked Egg. They always have fantastic service. I love their coffee cake and seasoned potatoes. Great place for breakfast!笑
Subpar food. Service was good, place is small, clean. We started off with coffee cake. It was mealy and had a dollop of extremely sweet, (powder sugar sweet) on top. 
I ordered the enchillada omlete which had a scant amount of chicken in it, had a generic tasting diiluted enchillada sauce over it with sliced pepper jack cheese slices not quite melted on top. The tortilla chips were missing as was the green chili the menu promised. My husband ordered the chicken fried steak which was a pre frozen mystery meat  Pattie with gravy that he said was just ok. I guess for the high dollar amount for this meal,  Dennys is a better option. We have eaten at other Cracked eggs and have never walked away unhappy. 
Walking to the register I noticed a customer's coffee cake.. it was very yummy looking, it even had struesle on top, ours did not. I asked the girl at the register about it and she said, snickering, "yeah sometimes they come out good other times not so much." 
I managed  restraunts in the past, I would have died of embarrassment knowing a piece of anything went out that wasn't the best! Looks like the whole place is run by 20 some things that really don't care. We obviously will not be back.笑
Found this place through yelp when I wanted a unique breakfast away from the tourists and chain restaurants. Comments were noting the high prices but I found they were generally several dollars cheaper than the IHOP breakfast I had the day before. This was the most unique and best tasting breakfast I've had in a long, long time. I walked away very full and completely satisfied. I will be visiting again on my next trip to Las Vegas.笑
Solid.  I love breakfast, so I liked this place.  Good coffee cake, excellent skillet breakfast.  Good service and nice atmosphere.  I like the sign that says "Unattended children will be given an espresso and a puppy".

:)笑
First, let me say the menu -- wow! Plenty of variety for breakfast. I ordered eggs, turkey sausage, fruit instead of potatoes.  I asked for the homemade coffee cake in a to-go box and toted it to a colleague who loves it.  Healthy options abound and you get a lot of value. But $2.75 for a small side of sliced avocado. Really? Seemed a bit nutty to me when extra veggies for omelettes are far less.笑
Cracked Egg. No matter which location you land at, its always packed which only exemplifies how popular they are ... especially on weekends ... especially after a Friday night party we threw at the house .... especially after a hangover! Nothing a hearty breakfast wont tame.

i ordered the "Big bad wolf" ( named after me of course! ) and the mrs. ordered the country benny. One thing i noticed is that they charge more for a small cup of coffee here than a venti Starbucks. You can opt for either toast or hot coffee cake. I took the coffee cake of course.

No surprises with the food and the wait, even though they were very busy was only 10 minutes. The service here is A+. The food? A+. 

Another added bonus is that its only minutes from the casa. If you make a habit of coming here every weekend, it will be a very expensive habit at $30 a pop.

After your meal, you wait in line at the reception - cashier area which gets congested because its right next to the entry with a constant flow of people. They should have you pay at the table.笑
This place is awesome.  From the coffee cake to the way everything is cooked really well.  Is the food as good as a place like Bouchon at the Venetian?  No...but for the price it's as good as you'll get in Las Vegas.  
The pancakes are nice and fluffy without the pasty feel and floury taste you get at other places.  French toast has a nice crispy outside and fluffy inside.  Omelettes and eggs are cooked really well.  Sausage and bacon are really flavorful...not just salty.
If I didn't end up eating so much there I'd go more.  Highly recommended.笑
I loved every morsel of my food!! I was super greedy and not afraid to tell everyone reading this review! If you're on a diet.... order water!! Thank you for the great food and customer service!!笑
Go with my daughter for breakfast at least once a week. Servers are super friendly, and the food is great. If you want a great breakfast with a down home atmosphere, this is the place! I highly recommend!笑
Well done, basic breakfast place. Very good buttery hashbrowns and fluffy pancakes. Prices are a bit high but portions are generous. Would have given 5 stars but a glass of apple juice (from a bottle) is $2.80! Insane. Nearly 6 bucks for 2 apple juices. You have been warned.笑
This is one of my alltime favorite breakfast joints. I don't know why. The food isn't that spectacular. I think its the creativity of the items and large menu selection that sticks me. 

There's also two vegetarian items that are really good: The Veggie Benny (vegetarian eggs benedict) and the Veggie Croissant (with garlic mayo so good, make me wanna slap yo momma). 

They're prices are a little steep, being a breakfast place in Summerlin. And they get totally hammered during prime breakfast hours, so I'd recommend going sub primetime. They have indoor and uncovered outdoor seating. 

Get the coffee cake. The Kickin' Potatoes (their spunked-up version of potatas bravas) are supposed to be a signature item ... they a'ight. 

* off the strip, non-casino笑
Omlets are so yummu and the pumpkin cake笑
We have been here twice now. The food is very tasty and the speed and quality of service is phenomenal. We've only been there on week days and while crowded we didn't have to wait to be seated. Everyone raves about the coffee cake. I can't say I was all that impressed. Perhaps it's because they heat it in a microwave before serving. I would have given them five stars if it wasn't for this and the prices being a bit high. All in all a great experience.笑
My cousin in Vegas has taken me here a couple times when I was in town and the Chicken Fried Steak & Eggs is da bomb.  Super tasty breakfast dishes here.  Check it out the next time you're in the area.笑
Pancakes & French Toast YUM!!! That alone makes this place 5 stars....PERIOD!! Well - 1 star for prices.笑
My family and I have been here several times.  The service is always friendly and the food is great.  Sometimes there is a wait on the weekends but it never is long.  They have lots of menu choices and it always comes out hot and fast.  I always ask for iced coffee but they don't normally serve it.  A regular waiter there always makes it for me special.  All of the servers are nice.  I love that they have a loyalty program and give out their own card.  We get lots of coupons to return and get decent amounts off of our bill.  Go here and have a great breakfast.笑
Good breakfast place. I will return. Had eggs Benedict and it was good. Had biscuits and gravy and it was ok. I don't hold that against them though, its hard to find really good biscuits and gravy. 

Service was good, received food quickly.笑
Amazing place for breakfast! Staff is excellent,  on top of everything and quick worth every request. Food is fresh and tastes great. Reading some of the other reviews and we think its hilarious someone would complain theres no TV monitors, if your looking for that type of atmosphere don't come here. Come here for great conversation with your friends or family. Put down the phone and get off Facebook cause there's no wifi. Enjoy your food! You'll be happy you did. This was our first visit and we will definitely be back!!笑
Fairly good food but the coffee cake was not what I was expecting.  Apparently they change the type of coffee cake daily so we got red velvet cake with icing, not real coffee cake. The sign which lists this is only visible when leaving and there is no warning on the menu!  When mentioned to the waitress, no apology in the least!  The raspberries in the mixed fruit bowl were great but the blueberries were over-ripe and awful!  So a mixed experience.  When we went to the cash register, a waitress had leftsomeone's VISA card sitting there with no one manning the register!!  I could have taken a photo, memorized the # or walked away with it!  Pay in person at the register!!笑
I've lived next to this place for 15 years & never thought to go inside until a friend invited me. To my surprise, it was a cute setting with motivational quotes on the wall & such friendly staff. Inside was clean & quiet. The food tasted great! I got the California omelette & a cup of coffee (not diluted w/ too much water). I recommend this place if you want a good & quiet breakfast!笑
Right down the street from my brothers spot.  
Good Breakfast.
"Synthetic ambiance".
It'll be years before flavor meets flavor here.
Know what I mean?
Just imagine if Pork Store Cafe was serving food in a newly built
office with booths.
It just wouldn't be the same.
3.5 stars, rounded up because the digestibles were crackin.笑
We come here often. The food and service is always great. I like the lighten up. My mother in law likes the veggie Benny. They always have specials. This morning my husband had the stuffed French toast and he said it was very good. We signed up for their mailings and we get coupons for $8 off. Can't beat it.笑
I made the mistake of ordering Joe's Scramble thinking It might be a close relative of San Francisco's Joe's Special. Think again. A thick layer of cheese, microscopic bits of spinach, possibly some ground beef, a paltry amount of scrambled egg, no seasoning...... Forget about it!笑
Delicious breakfast. The coffee cake was surprisingly good, great coffee, toasty goodness in the potatoes, and a perfect vegetarian Eggs Benedict. The eggs were poached to medium well and so yummy! My husband had the vegetarian scramble which was delicious, he didn't even miss the bacon! We will definitely return!笑
My boyfriend and I always love coming here! Prices are great, service is great, and the place has a nice family restaurant/diner feel that I love (Im from Connecticut so i'm used to small town diners). Today our servers name was Jose, he was really nice and not pushy like some servers could be! We got omelets, I had the greek replaced with cheddar, and a coffee cake (today it was a super yummy pumpkin flavor). My boyfriend was plain jane and got toast with his western omelet. (he soon wished he had gotten yummy coffee cake too!). Though it was pretty busy when we got there at 11ish, we only waited about 5 minutes to sit :)笑
Mother's Day. Thought we would be waiting forever. To my surprise they were properly staffed. 6 of us in my family and our order came out in under 10 minutes. Food was delicious. Service was fantastic. Food was hot and ready to eat. Great job..笑
Awesome food and great service. Went here 2x on business trip and loved it!  Generous portions for both meals. Coffee cake is great! Recommend the skillets!笑
This place is delicious! Great customer service, Carlos was our waiter he was always on top of it, great food! If your in Vegas you must stop here!笑
Pretty good food. Much like many of the other breakfast places. I wish there was something that stood out.  I will come back and try some other stuff on the menu.  The wait staff was very good.笑
This is by far my favorite Breakfast place in Vegas. It has a great staff always friendly! The food is alway sooo fresh and good! The Eggs Benedict is my favorite! I also love the Buffalo chicken salad.笑
This is my first choice for breakfast!! The homemade coffee cake is out of control. The coffee cake is a different flavor every time but it is always good. The service is quick and the servers are always friendly. This restaurant is almost always busy but there is usually an available spot at the bar!笑
You know I have been here over 25 times, and revisted the other day.  They lost a step somewhere, or I would give them a 5star here, but I do love the food, its super breakfast filler, 4stars is recommended, service is stellar, sometimes a wait on weekends, but not more that 20 min.   I like the benedicts, and the griddle meals and omelets.  Heck the Oatmeal is good.   $10 a head.   4star reliability, simple old time breakfast with spices and fresh oj and coffee.笑
3.5 Stars!

The Cracked Egg is a quality breakfast spot!  The specialty is their homemade Coffee Cake that rotates through a variety of flavors.  Most are great!  The owners are also incredibly nice, and truly put the customer first.

With several enjoyable entree options, the Cracked Egg is a place I will gladly go for breakfast.  I usually end up with the Benedict Ole, Southwest Scramble, or Cracked Croissant.  This is a great spot Monday - Friday...but can be crowded on the weekends for obvious reasons.笑
Well being a new resident of North Las Vegas from San Francisco, drove around and stumbled onto the Cracked Egg.

Party of 1, sat at the counter, order came right up. Not bad for a Sunday at 11:00am. I had an El Vaquero. Yum. Good portions, well prepared, everybody was nice.

I'll be back.

Only eye raising moment, noticed the 10+ child booster chairs. (loss of 1 star)
Must get LOUD at times. 
This day, not even a Cell Phone conversation. (Thank You very much!)

It was a couple of dollars more than I'd thought. But I'm finding that everywhere here. 
Not what it was years ago. But what is?笑
This place has really good food. The Price is why its a 4 star though.  They have a great cobb salad!  Bacon and eggs are great with there home style potatoes.  I always take this to go!笑
My favorite little omelette place in town!  My grandpa and I are regulars here and we can't get enough  We come about once a week and just love it, always a new kind of coffee cake, and every time it's delicious  very good customer service aswell笑
Huuge fan of the Cracked Egg!  I've gone on weekend and weekday mornings.  Weekday mornings aren't too bad, but weekend days can have quite the wait sometimes (30-40 mins).  I either get the California omelette or the mexican skillet, depending on my mood.  Both are just too delicious.  I love their seasonsed potatoes!  Their portions are more than enough for me, unless I'm absolutely starving.  This is so much better than your Dennys and IHOPs.  Fresh and a wide variety of food, and the prices aren't bad at all.  The toast always has plenty of butter, and their coffee cake is yummy as well.  I've been here more than I count, and it never gets old.笑
Love to eat here for breakfast when i get a chance too! Very friendly and excellent customer service. Love their coffee cakes before the meal. 4 stars because it should be bigger!笑
Food was amazing and spectacular service.  Very friendly staff.  The menu had a lot of variety.笑
Great place usually but this morning went in.   Was next to get a seat.   Cashier was staring right at me and waiter gave table to people who came in after us.   Will never go again.   I can't stand rudeness.笑
I have eaten here a few times and the service is always fast and friendly.  My favorite dish on the menu is the Sweet Potato Skillet.  It is really tasty and different.  Their oatmeal is also some of the best around!笑
Love this place! The staff is super friendly and efficient and the food feels like a home cooked meal. A tad on the pricey side for breakfast but portion sizes are generous. My personal favorite is the cracked croissant because how can you go wrong with bacon on a croissant? The answer is you can't. Do expect some wait time on a Saturday or Sunday morning though I've never personally waited longer than 20 minutes.笑
The service and food are outstanding.  I ordered an omelet and cooked it to order with the changes that I requested.笑
Continuing our search for the perfect breakfast restaurant, this was the second Cracked Egg we sampled.  The food was very good, not spectacular but very good.  I had the Big Bad Wolf omelet, and it was properly named.  Packed with heart-stopping meats surrounded by the omelet it was really fit for a wolf.  The hash-browns were good too, but I had to let most of them go just to get the omelet stuffed in.  Being gluten intolerant I didn't eat the coffee cake, which my wife said was good as well,  And my cake gave her a second one to take home for later.  She also had the chicken fried steak which she really enjoyed.

The negatives and reason this is not five stars is that there was a fair wait to be seated.  Luckily it was a nice day and we could sit outside on the food-court seating.  Inside waiting is minimal. I admit we are slow starters, and came at the peak hour, so maybe if you are an early riser there might not be so much of a wait.  Also, being full and the seating closely set it was rather noisy inside.  I am not the first to post the "no WiFi photo" but I have posted it again to bring it to the front because their admonition to talk like it's 1995 was being followed with gusto.  

Still, once seated the service was quick and the staff was very friendly and most helpful.  And that often makes up for any bumps in the road.  

And fie on me, I am so used to eating around my gluten intolerance that I didn't ask if they had a gluten free menu, which I discovered after I had eaten my fill.  On the other hand, I did mention it and the gluten free menu wasn't offered.  Next time I will ask.笑
Everyone I've brought with me to this place enjoys their meal.  Haven't heard a complaint from any of my guests.  Most love the spicy skillets and burritos.  I am on a strict diet right now and I ordered an egg subsitute omelette and generally  when I order such items I doust them in tabasco...this one...I shook a little salt on it and devoured it with no sauce. First time ever.  Yum!  The prices are slightly higher than I'd like, but they provide several coupons on their website each month.笑
I love eating here, the food is always good and hot. The service is nice and place has a homey feel. We eat here at least every other week and signed up for their card and receive monthly  coupons.