Best Sushi for takeout, great portions and not too pricey!Ǿ
Figured I do this little restaurant a favor and add them to the list. Husband and wife team run this quaint little sushi shop near the major intersection Cedar/Lee. 

Forget Pacific East, forget Sushi Rock, and forget Shuhei, this is the place to go for sushi in Cleveland. 

The sushi chef (husband) learned his trade from NYC before landing in Cleveland, his dishes are creative and visually appealing. Quality of fish is also spectacular. Prices are very reasonable compared to other spots in town, and once you see the amount of effort and work put into each order, you'll think you've got a steal. It's like getting Nobu at rock bottom prices (although I think Nobu is way overrated). 

Order the a la carte sushi and/or rolls to your liking and get one of the many sushi salads for an appetizer. You'll have a very pleasant meal.Ǿ
Delicious, and the food was gorgeous!

We came late evening on a Tuesday, had the restaurant to ourselves.  We were a little surprised at how long it took to get our food, but it was well worth the wait and we had a snack of edamame in the meantime.  

Would definitely recommend this place.Ǿ
I am completely confused as to the ratings for this place.  We ended up here for a meal on accident and had, by far, one of the worst sushi experiences I've ever had.  We were the only party in the restaurant and it took the sushi chef 30 minutes to get out the rolls.

I'll admit that the rolls are cheap, but you get what you pay for.  The spicy scallop roll was a complete fail on a delicious classic and I couldn't even finish it.  The salmon nigiri actually made me want to yak.  The pink salmon roll (California rolls with salmon and salmon roe) was the only decent item on the menu.  My order of uni didn't even come out...ever.  My friends couldn't finish their food either and one of them had to walk across the street to get something from CVS to make her stomach feel better.

I do not plan on coming back and sincerely hope that there's a better sushi restaurant available in Cleveland.Ǿ
The sushi was great, but the place has sadly closed down =(. I've had to settle for Ariyoshi recently, but Aeoshi was my top choice.Ǿ
ONe of the best sushi places I have eaten at.  I have my favorites in LA, NY, WA, and OH, and this is in the top 3 of all sushi places. 

IT is owned and operated by a husband and wife team who support the restaurant by themselves.  You can see them there late into the night, creating some of the most delicious rolls. 

Aside from the great food and service, it really feels like you are in their dining room.   I am moving out of Ohio, and I will miss the meals they create.  Highly recommended, and if you go, the NY Roll is wonderfulǾ
Great place for sushi.  Don't let the coke machine (or the sometimes lack of customers) turn you away. Some of the best sushi in Cleveland, and it's probably the most affordable.  The husband and wife who run it are very friendly, and always throw in free food for us when we place an order.Ǿ
I have to admit, I'm wondering how this place got such great reviews. My girl and I went because of near 5-star reviews. Yeah, the sushi was good, but it was not really spectacular. And it wasn't a particularly great value (as one of the early reviewers had said). 

We ordered both the specials: the pot stickers and spicy soup. They were both delicious. As for sushi, we ordered a spicy scallop roll a salmon skin roll, salmon roe, and a spicy cali roll.

At first glance the presentation was awesome, but upon closer inspection I could see that none of the rolls displayed the precision or craftsmanship that I like to see when I order sushi. I don't want to pay for rolls, and find myself thinking that I could have rolled them just as well (if not better) myself.

So we settled in to the exciting part, eating... It wasn't bad by any stretch of the imagination, it just wasn't great. I couldn't find anything distinguishing about the spicy scallop roll. It was sort of a mushy consistency and I really couldn't tell that I was eating scallops at all. I liked the Spicy Cali, though, and I thought that the fish was of a respectable quality. The salmon skin roll was different from what I'm accustomed to, but tasted pretty good as well. 

The atmosphere is relaxing, but you know you're in a cafe rather than a restaurant. On the bright side, you do not feel rushed. I feel like I have time to sit and enjoy my food and relax in between the arrival of the soup and the rolls. On the whole, however, I'm not quite sold.Ǿ
Came here on a Monday around 6pm. It's a nice cozy location near the Cedar Lee theater in what was formerly a Starbucks.

There are currently two sushi restaurants on Lee Road - Aoeshi and Ariyoshi (across the street). I really like both; but what distinguishes this restaurant is that the sushi is more spicy and the prices are more expensive. That said, the sushi is very good.

It's unfortunate that so few people seem to visit this restaurant, but with Ariyoshi selling $3 rolls across the street all the time, I can understand why. If you want to give this place a try, I'd recommend going soon - who knows how much longer they will be around...Ǿ
BYOB!! (WIth no additional charges)

Meticulous surgical precision crafts the sushi..paper thin apple slices feathered the rolls...yumm. Very good, smaller selective menu, and wonderful service from a warm family team.