This is the second time i have gotten home and the take out order was wrong.  Disappointing and just not worthh driving back into town to have the order fixed.  I just think it should be right the first time.  I feel as though the quality has decreased over the years.Ǿ
Good food. Good menu. You will find anything from breakfast to dinner. Some of the breakfast items are served all day - which I love. Decent price regarding Chagrin Falls area. I would recommend :)Ǿ
Slow and disorganized. We should have driven to Beachwood, where service is friendly and quick. At one point, we noticed that while full, no one was eating in the whole dining room. Go there if you have plenty of time to wait. The food is good and the waitress was friendly.Ǿ
A cozy restaurant in Chagrin Falls.  The menu is typical American fare with burgers and sandwiches, salads, and entrees. Nothing spectacular, but good food. Like many places in the Falls, its in an old building, so there is nice ambiance and character in the restaurant.

I'd recommend Yours Truly for lunch or a casual dinner - good for kids.Ǿ
This is a classic Cleveland institution that employees quality people who are make the average Joe feel like they are apart of the family being served by some aunt or uncle of yours who you love to visit for the company and cuisine. It is comparable to a diner like Cameron Mitchells Cap City in Columbus, however I prefer YTR because of the atmosphere, food and prices are very comparable.Ǿ
Excellent value! We were there for breakfast and sat outside with our dog. I had the Eggs Bruschetta and my son had the Sunrise. Both meals were tasty and satisfying and much more than we could eat. Wait staff was friendly and efficient. The manager (maybe the owner) even brought over a bowl of cold water for our dog - she was very happy! A definite repeat for us!Ǿ
The food - 3 stars
The manager - 5 stars
The server - 1 star...so we'll just kind of average them and give 3 stars.

There was a lengthy wait for a Sunday morning and it's a TIGHT space so waiting can be a pain.  We were seated and ordered.  The kid we had with us just wanted 2 pancakes with chocolate chips and a small bowl of fruit.  Upon reviewing the bill we were charged $6.50 despite pancakes being $2/each.  Even with an upcharge I don't think a handful of chocolate chips should be $2.50 more!  The server argued with us saying "I just entered it." Uh, I'm not saying you entered it wrong. I'm saying make it right.  There is also no listing of an upcharge for chocolate chips. On another dish it lists 60 cents more for blueberries so that's our best comparison...but again, not $2.50.  I ask to speak to the manager because clearly she was appearing to be incompetent and she rolled her eyes and shook her head at me at my request.  He came over and was wonderful. He actually shared that she was recently demoted from manager and I now know why.  Good move, Yours Truly!  Now just get rid of her all together and you'll be better off.  The manager did what she should have done -- apologized, recognized our problem and made the situation right.  I was happy paying $4.60 (2 pancakes plus the upcharge they do for blueberries) but not $6.50.  He ended up removing the charge all together which he totally didn't have to do.  Her service up to this point was okay but holy crap, some people need to learn how to respond to negative customer service situations.Ǿ
No longer a fan favorite. Third time, the takeout order was wrong, late and poorly cooked.Ǿ
My wife and I took the kids here on 8/21/13 for dinner on the night before school starts. 2 of our kids each received a certificate for a free kids meal from their school over the past year. We wanted to use them before they expire. The food has always been pretty good, and there was nothing out of the ordinary about the food this time... it was fine. Our sever was friendly enough, but it seemed that she was having an off night -  it took us a while to get served and she had forgotten a couple of requests, though we had no beef with her... everyone has those kids of days. What upset me is being informed of management's decision - while we were paying our bill - that they are now only accepting one of the free kids meal coupons at a time. Really? I don't understand the logic. It's not like my wife and I shared an appetizer and tried to get away really cheap with the kids eating free. We purchased two adult entrees - one for each free kids meal. Most logical restaurants that offer kids eat free days offer a free kids meal for every adult entree purchased. I don't understand why ours wasn't honored.

If Yours Truly management happens to read this and care to explain to me the logic behind this policy, please feel free to reach out to me.Ǿ
Today is a beautiful day here in Chagrin Falls and made better by the tasty meal I had at Yours Truly. If you get a chance, try the Fried Artichokes and the Napa Salad.  Our server Geoff recomended both and like our food, he was fabulous!!!Ǿ
Came here for breakfast and it was great! Polite staff, great vibe, and delicious food. Highly recommended, in a cute town that's fun to explore.Ǿ
The Yours Truly chain of restaurants is a part of growing up in the eastern suburbs of Cleveland.  I've been going to every location since I was in diapers and I'll keep going back as long as I have a reason to go to Cleveland.

I started out on the kids menu, worked my way up through cheesburgers and cottage fries, past the Friday fish fry (yum!) and up to my current favorite: the special delivery.  This is one of my favorite burgers anywhere and always feels like home to me.  Sour cream, onions and mushrooms on a toasted bun with a side of cottage fries...this is heaven.  Pair that with one of their old-fashioned milkshakes and I don't even have words to describe the artery-clogging bliss!

The whole menu is good, though.  Although ordering anything and expecting it to be perfect isn't always a "sure thing", it's reasonable to expect that you'll go away happy.

The Chagrin Falls location is my "home branch" and I've been there for the ups and downs, including when the kitchen burned down and left the place closed for months while they fixed it up and renovated the whole place.  Now there's a great old-time feel that perfectly complements the restaurant's small-town location.  I always see a handful of people I know in here (except for the tourists), so it's a comfortable atmosphere that just feels right.

This restaurant is one of the best things that Northeast Ohio can truly call its own and I'm glad about that.  I hope they keep going strong for a long time to come.Ǿ
I second Liz's review. I dream about Yours Truly, specifically when I wake up with a hangover. Their notso fries are amazing!!! I love their milkshakes... let's just say I love everything about it. After every high school dance we would wake up and head over to YT for some goodness. If you are in the Cleveland vicinity- head there immediately.Ǿ
Fun place, decent food...But don't let them seat you in the back room, or what I would call the "Black hole".  If you're seated there, leave and come back another day...Or simply bring a snack to ride you over until the wait staff decides to make eye contact with you.Ǿ
Gotta love a place where the food is always good, there's always a crowd, and even my seven-year-old daughter loves it!  Sure, the booths could be bigger and there could be a better waiting area, but the intimate feel is all part of the charm of Yours Truly.  I'm new to the area, but YT has become a family favorite already.Ǿ
One of my favorite places to grab breakfast in Chagrin Falls (or at any Yours Truly location, really). Menu is diverse and expansive, and affordable for a family get-together. The CF location is a bit compact, so don't be surprised if your party of 5 is squeezed into a booth.Ǿ
Yours Truly: a seriously great family restaurant. I've probably eaten at YT at least once a month for my whole life, but have yet to get sick of it. All of the locations I've been to have a great atmosphere. While you may literally be sitting on top of the person next to you (especially on Chagrin), the great service and homey feeling make up for it. Now about the food. Although they may not have the most inventive menu, everything made here is quite good. One thing you have to experience at Yours Truly are their cottage fries, which are among the best fries in Cleveland. Try them Notso style, with gobs of sour cream, cheese, and bacon bits. I also recommend the Greek Omelet or the Quesadillas. If you're in Cleveland and looking for a fairly inexpensive quality restaurant, make sure you go to YT!Ǿ
I've been going to Yours Truly ever since I can remember and it's always been good to me.  The chocolate malt and Notso Fries are the two best items on the menu, and you can never go wrong with a burger here.  Plus, it's right in the heart of downtown Chagrin Falls, meaning you can take advantage of the best faux charm the Cleveland area has to offer.Ǿ
Thank you fellow Yelpers for this recommendation.  I came across Yours Truly after searching for restaurants in Chagrin Falls and we decided on Yours Truly based on the solid 4 star rating and single $.  

Despite the advice of so many others I couldn't get myself to order the "Notso" fries.  (french fries with bacon, cheese, and sour cream = no thanks).  Instead I ordered a Greek salad with chicken and he ordered the cod with Asian veggies and sweet potato fries.  Everything was very good overall.  The salad was fresh and well prepared.  The chicken was hot off the grill.  The stand out item on the table was the sweet potato fries. They came with a delicious honey mustard dipping sauce.  The Asian veggies were quite good and a little different.   I've never had kale before in Asian veggies and it gave them an earthy smokey flavor.  The cod was well executed although I think they were probably defrosted fillets.  But hey, it's a diner!

We sat outside and I initially thought we would be neglected being outside but our server was fantastic.  Attentive, helpful, cheerful always predicting our next request whether it be a refill, napkins or the check.  

I think a solid 4 stars and a single $ sign is spot on for Yours Truly.  If judging the sweet potato fries alone I'd give 5 stars.  We'll be back for breakfast.Ǿ
We went here because visiting Chagrin Falls is fun and great reviews means good breakfast. First the food was really good and I would have loved to rate it 4 stars, BUT...there was a hair in the food... and the bathrooms were pretty dirty...clean it up and I'll rate higher.Ǿ
i've eaten @ yours truly hundreds of times & it's always good

today i had a veggie omelet & of course, cottage fries

as always, everything was fresh & delicious!Ǿ
Cramped and noisy filled with screaming kids and terrible service. The food has gone downhill severely. I gave this place three chances before writing this review and all three times I went and sat down at the counter and was ignored for over 10 minutes. I live within walking distance and I will never ever go there againǾ
First off, I love Chagrin Falls.  It's such a pleasant little burg.  I've been there several times but only recently discovered Yours Truly, as a friend invited me to meet there for breakfast.

Yours Truly seems like the kind of place that is probably doing a bang-up business on the weekend.  They have delicious breakfast, and it looks like lunch and dinner are good, too, based on my perusal of the menu.  They have a bar as well, which means you could come in for a late breakfast/brunch on Saturday and easily transition to early afternoon drinks, then dinner, etc etc...

They have outdoor seating, too - limited but a very nice feature.

When I was here, our waitress was very patient (we talked for probably 15-20 minutes before ordering food).  She was also attentive, and I never saw the bottom of my water glass or coffee cup.

I'd go back.Ǿ
Very poor experience. Upon seating us, the teenage host asked which table we would like and when I said the booth, he told me he was saving it for a bigger party than ours of 3. He then proceeded to seat another party of three there immediately after us. We were seated at a table where one of the chairs had a growing puddle of water on it from the leaky air conditioner above. My one year old enjoyed her kids meal food, the chicken tenders were good. My husband and I ordered the Buffalo Chicken Broil and the Buffalo Chicken wrap. Both were completely saturated with hot sauce, as if half the bottle was emptied on top. It was clearly Frank's Red Hot, not Buffalo, which is what I thought I was getting. The bread on my sandwich was so soggy by the time it got to me, it was melting and falling apart all over my hands. We did not enjoy our food. One of the male waiters was also apparently taking a break right across from us and continuously tried talking to our one year old daughter, and kept coming back to do so. It made me very uncomfortable. We will not be returning.Ǿ
I've been told this place is truly wonderful. I could think of a place two doors down, I'd rather go to more though. Food is good, not great, and service was great from what I experienced. Ambience was nice.Ǿ
I love Yours Truly but...not this location. Whenever I've come here I've had the worse customer service. The waiters and waitresses have been impersonal but I've always come here in grim agreement to meet with someone.

I little bit ago my husband and I decided to take my nephew out to dinner for his birthday. We left the choice of restaurant up to him and to our dismay he chose Yours Truly. It was kinda crowded so we were asked our name to be put on the list. We were told it was estimated around 20 minutes but 45 went by...then we noticed groups larger then us were being seated...then found out that he girl who asked for our name NEVER wrote it down!! She apologized repeatedly and hey, mistakes happen right? We kept our cool then as usual we were given a waiter that didn't give us the time of day. He took our drink order and I was starting to ask a question but he quickly turned around & walked away. I even yelled after him but he ignored me. W hen we thought nothing else would go wrong...the waiter came back and broke a glass over our table! He picked up a few pieces, never apologized and came back 20 minutes later with our food!! In the meantime my poor 11 year old nephew had a huge chunk of glass in his lap and we had tiny specks of glass on the table which we had to wipe off ourselves. I can't even imagine if a piece of glass flew in his eye and having to convey this to his mother! We never heard an apology when we were handed the bill nor did we have a penny taken off. My husband and I didn't want to make a huge stink over this while we were there since we were already late for our following plans but we did leave a customer comment card with our number on it. Of course we never heard a response. My assessment of this location is they're too busy for appropriate customer service. We're just a number of many in this crowded town. One thing we do know for sure..we will never step foot back here.Ǿ
super cheap, yummy diner food.  not too greasy.  5 fingers with tango sauce, lotso fries.  It's where people go in the area.  if it is holiday season- good luck getting a table at a normal hour (and this is AFTER the expansion).Ǿ
I kept this review on the back burner however I don't remember why I never finished it. I do remember we went here for an early Valentines day weekend day trip, and just decided to eat here after looking at reviews for other places. 

When we walked in we were not sure if it was seat yourself or wait to be seated. Even though the place was not full and there were employees that past us several times we stood at the entrance for a good 5 min with employees staring at us wondering why we were in the restaurant. I finally, walked over to an employee and asked, is this seat yourself? She said No, you have to wait to be seated. Ok, I'm waiting.... I didn't want to get snippy but I was annoyed that no one said Hello or Please wait to be seated or we will be with you in a min you can insert any normal saying that one would expect to hear from any type of employee. 

We were finally seated and our server was so awesome. She was old school, and kept our drinks full and everything. I wish I can remember her name because  we talked about how much we loved her. (Sidebar) We sat at a little two top table next to two older ladies that gossiped and complained about everything and anyone, which made me laugh a little because you can hand someone a hundred bucks like that and they would complain the money was dirty or green. 

The food was ok, we had two cheeseburgers that were not great but not memorable either. I mean they were cheeseburgers. I do like a great cheeseburger, so I thought these were lacking.

If it was not for our great server I don't think I would of gave this place three stars.Ǿ
First off, must try the NOTSO fries!  They were definitely not good for you, but they were great!  Loaded with bacon and cheese!!!

My wife had the Cobb salad with ranch dressing.  It may have been the biggest salad I have seen at a restaurant.  Not only was it big, it was delicious. The chicken had great flavor and the ranch dressing had to have been homemade.  (We used it on the NOTSO fries - it was that good!).  I had The Club Burger cooked medium rare, which was great!  

The location is great right on Main Street in Chagrin Falls.  Loved the atmosphere of the restaurant and had great service!  We will definitely go back!!!Ǿ
Not quite sure why but I find this Yours Truly to have the best, most consistent food quality of all the others I've been to.  I am a huge fan partially cause I love breakfast and partially cause the food is just so damn good.  Their burgers generally are rated amongst the best in Cleveland every year in Cleveland magazine, I've never had one so I couldn't tell you.  This is because I love breakfast. I'm an egg person so whether its an omlette, the "Kill It Skillet" (Hashbrowns, Sausage, Eggs, green peppers, cheese served with ciabatta bread toast),  my absolute favorite the YT Medley (Pita sandwich with a fried egg, bacon and muenster cheese.), or even just a regular eggs, toast and breakfast meat breakfast its always good.  And don't forget a milkshake, they are also some of the best around.Ǿ
The food here isn't amazing, but it's a nice place for students to go after school or to work at.Ǿ
Food was good not great. Would have be nice if the steak was cooked better. The restaurant menu was very   Busy would have been nice if pictures were available so we could try something more adventurous.Ǿ
YT is still fantastic. They recently updated their menu, and the flash fried artichoke hearts are incredible. 

Dare-I-say, I prefer them to the cottage fries (I guess there not terribly comparable, but I try to limit myself to one fried veggie per meal).Ǿ
So this place gets 5-stars for location and 3-stars for food. I love the location in Chagrin because of the great people watching and dog watching. I would recommend sitting outside if possible to enjoy the view. The food here is basic diner food. I've been here twice and once had a burger, which was pretty good (not as good as Flip Side which is right down the street) and once had the buffalo chicken wrap which was yummy. Also had a milkshake here (Strawberry) which was good, but probably not made with fresh strawberries since there were no fruit chunks in it. Overall, this place is decent but not super impressive.Ǿ
I wish I could give Yours Truly more stars since we've been going there forever, but sadly the past few times we've gone the experience hasn't been great. I usually get take-out, so perhaps that's where their weakness is. Our order has either been wrong, not ready yet (upwards of 30 minutes past a given pick up time), or I have come in contact with extremely unhelpful/rude hostesses. Though I have to admit the food is perfectly comforting, maybe a little greasy () but incredibly delicious when we do get it. The notso fries alone are worth coming back. As one of the longer standing diners in town, it's pretty popular and can get busy on the weekends, especially for breakfast/brunch so expect a wait. All-in-all even with some previous not so great experiences, I will still continue coming back here for a quick lunch or dinner. It's a great place to get together with friends. But if you can, try to avoid ordering your food to-go.Ǿ
The past 4 times I've been here it has been less than acceptable. 

The server was very nice. Our food took 44 minutes. We waited 10 minutes for a hot chocolate.  We ordered a kid's cheeseburger, kid's grilled cheese, an omelette and a veggie burger. 

The veggie burger came out completely different than what was ordered and none of the sides were fresh. The lettuce was brown, slimy & obviously not fresh. The tomatoes were all end cuts with rotten brown spots.  The onions were rubbery and old.  Not to mention, everyone's cottage fries were cold, chewy, & terrible. After sending the veggie burger and sides back, we waited another 20 minutes for it to be sent out correctly (& with fresh tomato, lettuce and onion).  Unfortunately the second try was just as bad. 

The server offered to bring the manager by, so we agreed. 20 more minutes went by without the manager stopping by. We finally decided to leave without speaking with the manager. 

When we left we stopped to use the restroom. It was extremely unkempt. 

I'm wondering if the Hudson location has a different owner, because I've never had a bad meal there...

This is a shame we won't be going back here, because we live in Chagrin Falls.Ǿ
The food is good.
Here is the reason for the two star rating. This may sound petty. They have a pizza burger that used to be on their full-time menu. They've moved it to a seasonal menu. Really? Why? The manager said he didn't know why either. They have everything needed to make the burger except the marinara sauce. How hard is that to keep daily?
Now the reason for the two star rating is that he had heard this complaint from "numerous customers," and yet they continue to do nothing about it. Maybe with a reduction in high-star count reviews they may actually do something about the complaints.
Also, do not get seated in the annexed back room (the old gun shop). You seemed to be forgotten/lost back there.Ǿ
Great food, but a little slow on the service. They were incredibly busy though.

The chicken mac & cheese was a standout.
But everything on the menu looks good.Ǿ
If you're a Clevelander and don't like Your's Truly you should take your talents to South Beach too.  The notso fries are unreal but probably best enjoyed only so often.  I have a hard time finding anything on the menu I don't like.Ǿ
Two people in our party were served ribeyes that had gone rancid. You would have thought the kitchen would have caught the awful smell permeating from them before serving it to guests. That was obviously not the case. The smell alone encompassed our table. We promptly set them back. One person opted for a different entree, just a plain burger. The other after the experience wanted nothing else. I ordered the general tso chicken and it was pretty decent. The notso fries the table split were not-so impressive! You'd think the manager would come apologize for the bad meat but you'd be wrong again! We had to ask to speak with the manager. He came to the table acting bothered by our asking to talk to him. All he wanted to talk about was how busy he was dealing with some guy digging through their garbage looking for a license! Not the issue at hand at all. Manager was very rude and unapologetic.  Serving bad meat is a big deal and honestly all we wanted was a genuine apology but received nothing of the sort. Really expected a much better experience. .Ǿ
Very friendly staff, waitress offered suggestions for dinner, quick to refill my glass when it got low, etc. She just really did a great job of taking care of us. Notso omelet was delicious, my husband had the Mac 'n cheese with chicken and kept talking about the great taste. Will definitely visit again when in the area.Ǿ
There were a bunch of other local options during a recent jaunt in Chagrin Falls, but we needed diner food and quick. The A/C and fan were both on - freezing inside but felt great in the summer. I had a tuna melt and it was, as I told my mom, "insanely good." It was made with cheddar as opposed to the usual American, and it was on an English muffin which was a great departure as well. My mom had the chicken salad on a pita which she also liked.

The service was really friendly. I have no complaints! Good for a quick (or more leisurely) bite.Ǿ
Really enjoy going with the family. My kids always love going in and getting shakes.  Food and service are wonderful.  They have the best Notso fries!Ǿ
Traditional diner/family restaurant. Good food. Have a few beer/wine selections. Cozy front room. Larger back room. Always  a good choice. One of a chain in the C-land area. All locations are different.Ǿ
This place is small, but not as small as the place on Chagrin Road in Beachwood; this place has a back room. In the nice weather they put metal tables and chairs on the sidewalk out front (a bit crowded). Those are good seats for people watching, especially when the North Union Farmers' Market is in session. I usually get the same thing here (The Sunrise), but today decided to try something new: the AM Wrap Up with sausage. It was really really good and I think it will be my new usual for awhile. It's a wrap with eggs and sausage (optional) and green pepper and onion and cheese with a side of salsa. While this place was packed even before 1000 the servers did not hurry us along, in fact the kitchen took a little long with the order. A nice relaxed breakfast and then afterwards on in this area on a Saturday you have many options!Ǿ
Maybe it depends on what you order here.  In fairness, everyone that mentions this place raves about the breakfast.  We went for dinner and choose any type of breakfast food so maybe that is where we went wrong.  I ordered a cup of chili with the works and a side of macaroni and cheese.  Both were okay.  The sweet potatoes fries are crispy and good.Ǿ
Sitting in the strip of downtown Chagrin Falls, Yours Truly is the perfect place for a cozy diner feel.  This place offers all the best of a classic greasy diner (great wraps, patty melts, burgers, etc).  The girl who served me was exceptionally friendly & even served an additonal serving of fresh fries because the ones I got were the last of the batch and weren't as fresh.  The pricing was standard issue ($6-$10) for your entrees & the dessert menu is also worth checking out.  The reason I rated is as a 4 & not 5 is that the backroom was full of loud kids watching Disney shows on the TV in the corner - Stay in the front room if possible.Ǿ
Reliably better than average food at a fair price. However, the old fashioned decor (which is simply OLD and out of fashion) is a total turnoff, as are the remarkably tight booths, which are for midgets only. And while the tasty burgers, wraps and other dishes can be a treat, we also have a years-long running joke about Yours Truly's almost patented "brown lettuce salad" since it is about 100% likely you'll get some in any salad ordered, as we have over the years.Ǿ
Love YT! I swear by the cottage fries and tango sauce. Its an establishment in Chagrin Falls - great breakfast, great milkshakes, and decent food all around. Head downtown, see the Falls, shop around, get some YT and finish with ice cream from the popcorn shop! I have to say, I tend toward the unhealthy stuff when I visit, but I have had and enjoyed both their spinach salad and asian veggies. I also adore their chicken noodle soup - certainly doesn't resemble anything out a can!Ǿ
The best old people restaurant around. Gather up ol' memaw and pepaw and get ready to split an order of the famous "notso" fries! If that's not more excitement than your doctor recommends before your 4 o'clock dinner, then check out the monthly specials! Yipeee!Ǿ
My boyfriend and I were spending the day driving around with nowhere in particular to be, and we ended up stopping at Yours Truly for brunch. I am so glad that we did! I have been to other locations on numerous occasions but never for breakfast.  This particular one is very quaint inside and although it is small, never once did I feel "crowded" even though we sat at one of the tables right in the center of the aisle.  I have had notso fries before, and while looking at the breakfast menu I could not pass up the notso omelette.  Oh my goodness was it delicious! How could you go wrong with bacon, cheeses, and POTATOES INSIDE THE OMELETTE?!? It was topped with sour cream and served with cottage fries on the side. Absolute heaven. I am actually salivating thinking about it 2 weeks later (gross I know!). 

The only thing I would complain about would be the service... It seemed very confused to me, and we never saw the same waitress twice.  The drink refills were slow to come out, but each person came by with a smile.Ǿ
I used to live in Chagrin and this was a staple! It was so good and it was great to see today that nothing has changed!  Except it's a little bigger which is a good thing because even at 2:30 in the afternoon it was PACKED with at least 4 parties waiting.  Grant it, it was a holiday week with people off and in town for the holidays, but this is such a Chagrin Falls staple that it's always busy.  A cozy little diner with good food and great service and cheap prices!  Can't beat that. 

The food was just the same - the NOTSO fries were AWESOME!!  Loaded with cheese bacon and generous heaps of sour cream.   The BLT was solid and the BF's turkey ruben was HUGE and he loved it. 

The kitchen was fast and even with it being so packed we didn't have a long wait to get both great service and yummy food.

I dig it.Ǿ
Just small town good.

I don't think I can write a fair review of this place.  It has a romantic sentimentally for my wife and I.  This place is more than just this place it is an extension of the entire town.  Nothing is wonderful about Yours Truly it is just perfectly good.  You always wait for a table and the wait is always friendly. 

Order the "Notso Fries"Ǿ
The gold standard to which other Yours Truly restaurants will be held against is, of course, Hudson's Yours Truly. What can you expect? You could eat off of the construction equipment strewn about the local roads in Hudson. However, this place, although smaller, has a quality atmosphere and service to it.Ǿ
Stopped in here for dinner yesterday. The food was great! I had a chicken sandwich, cottage fries and slaw. I am in love with the cottage fries!!! The food is reasonably priced and I like that I can get a cheap beer in this diner setting. The waitress was a bit slow and didn't really check in on us much, but that's ok bc once I got the cottage fries nothing else much mattered!!!Ǿ
Been to several Yours Truly restaurants throughout the years.  Just had brunch at this location this past weekend after a great yoga class in the park.  I was surprised at how quickly they got us an outdoor table.  Service was prompt and efficient.  I've never been disappointed with their food. I typically get the French Toast, but this last time, I got pancakes and scrambled eggs with cheese.  It was served at the right temperature, with the right amount of syrup, and I ate every single bite of it.  I've also enjoyed their omelettes, and I absolutely love their monster hash.  I took a lot of restraint to not order that as well this past weekend!   I would return to this location without any hesitation and will continue to go to Yours Truly restaurants in the area as I have been for several years.Ǿ
This place was established the same year I was born (1982) and I have enjoyed it my entire life.  The notso fries, which are notso common are just amazing.  Picture cottage fries covered in cheese, bacon and sour cream...no this thing is no joke it actually does exist and it is heavenly!  Probably not the healthiest place to eat, but it is a landmark in chagrin falls... The breakfast here is out of this world, my suggestion is the YT melody (pita stuffed with fried eggs, bacon and muenster cheese)! If you eat here I can pretty much guarantee happiness...Ǿ
You can't go wrong here.  Everything is great on the menu and the service is always very good despite having a ton of younger servers that in my experience have piss poor customer service skills. Well, NOT HERE!

The only reason they didn't get 5 starts is because of how crowded it is up front.  I feel bad for anyone getting placed in a smaller table by the entrance as everyone stands there waiting for their tables staring down at you eating your food.Ǿ
This place has a few locations the last time I knew but is a local institution.  It in my mind replaces Dinks (after it changed names/owners) as the reasonably priced restaurant in Chagrin Falls with good food and a nice environment.  There is a reason it is usually crowded on the weekends...

The front is small and there is a back room, but I like to sit in front.  There are some tables that seat two out front on the sidewalk if you want to people watch.  

The menu is pretty vast if you include the breakfast you can get anytime.  I had a club burger and it was excellent!  I don't eat hamburgers much but had one last week that was excellent in a restaurant in Whitehouse Ohio, but this was probably even better, it was close.  The waffle fries are extra, so keep that in mind if watching price but it also came with coleslaw (the waffle fries that is).  But we shared them so calories cut ha ha, its a fair portion.  We also had a chicken sandwich which was pretty good and an omelette.  All was good.

During peak times the place is very busy. People are running around all over the place in a tight restaurant, so don't come then if you want tranquility, but it is actually a little exciting.

The restaurant interior has basically remained the same for a long time and I wouldn't change a thing.  Very quaint.  

Its located in Chagrin Falls and has locals as well as people from all the suburbs and city of Cleveland.  Its a great little town I used to go with one of my girlfriends when I lived there and later parents as well.  If you have not been to Chagrin Falls and you are from Cleveland or visit Cleveland, it is a must.  

Side Note: 
I am from the Cleveland suburbs (but live in Toledo area now) and used to complain about living there.  I lived in LA and Chicago and was fortunate to travel the US and world on vacation and for business and I can tell you, Cleveland is a wonderful city.  It will never be a global tourist destination, thats not what it is, but if you go there the downtown is greatly improved with people living there in modern condos/apt and there are many nice areas like Tremont, University Circle, Chagrin Falls, Peninsula, Ohio City, Coventry, Little Italy, The Flats, etc.  And the park system is huge and amazing.  Feel free to contact me if you need advice on what tot do.  And not I do not work for the Cleveland Dept of tourism ha ha.:). Just passionate about the city.  It is not there yet, but well on its way and ahead of many cities....Ǿ
Cute tiny place, however the customer service is not stellar. Order the chicken walnut salad sandwich which was sent back. They chicken tasted spoiled (got a second opinion from friend who ordered the Cobb Salad who agreed). Sent the sandwich back and ordered the Belgium waffle with whip cream and strawberries. The strawberries had a black bug (which was not a fruit fly) in the dish and then management assaulted my intelligence and said the bug was a coffee ground (which it was not).  The hot chocolate was not hot but cool. Not what you would expect with "HOT" chocolate. If this is the only place and your super hungry than maybe (just be careful what you order) but if not please go somewhere else. Customer service is not great and neither is the food.Ǿ
Yours Truly has some good food.  Period.  Whether for breakfast, lunch or dinner- you will find something you like on the menu.  The location in Chagrin Falls is prime for a quick breakfast meeting, a luncheon or a family dinner.  If you get there during the rush, plan on being crammed in either next to the front door or the back door as the wait staff elbow their way through you.  It's just part of the appeal. 

For breakfast, try the YT Medley.  It's a pita with eggs, cheese and bacon in the middle.  It's great.  Everyone who visits us and we take to this restaurant tries the Killit-Skillet which is a skillet full of eggs, hash browns, breakfast meats and toast.  It's pretty big, but really good.  

For lunch, their burgers are killer and my favorite is the Envelope with the house dressing.  It's simple: provolone, spinach and tomato in a pita with a cucumber ranch dressing.  Delicious nonetheless.  If it is cold out, be sure to get the chicken soup- it's just about the best non-homemade chicken soup in town.  

At any meal you should at least try the Notso fries.  They are cottage fries with cheese, bacon and sour cream piled high.  Unless you have a hollow third leg, order the junior size.  It's plenty.

This is a fun place to eat, particularly if you have kids.Ǿ
I love the chicken noodle soup and the YT Medley.  Also, when in a splurge mood, My friends and I get the Not-so Fries.Ǿ
Usually the food and service is quite good. On Sat. June 11 YT failed miserably. Restaurant was busy due to Art Festival traffic. We  weren't offered water, waiter totality ignored us for a good 15 minutes.  I ordered a cup of chowder,  got an bowl and the chowder was ice cold.  

I saw our food on the counter for a good 10 minutes before it was served.  My quesadilla was burnt on the outside, yet barely warm on the inside. It looked like it was cooked with a blow torch. 

My husband ordered dinner  portion of sliders, he was served the appetizer portion. The waiter later brought him the full dinner portion. They weren't individual sliders, just one big burger cut into 4 pieces, served rare not medium as ordered.

The waiter was very apologetic and comped our order. But it will be a while before I venture back to this venue.Ǿ
I have been going to Your's Truly (This and the other locations) for almost 20 years now, and have never had a bad meal there. The staff is always friendly, and the food is always good. I love the special delivery (burger) and the wraps. Notso fries are amazing. Great milkshakes. The chili with "the works" is also a favorite. If you can get one of the booths in front, it is a great place to watch the world go by!Ǿ
Two words: Notso Fries. They're delicious. I also really like their chicken salad and their soups. A must-stop whenever I come into Chagrin.Ǿ
I've been to this restaurant a number of times (not always this location), and it's always been all right.  I like small restaurants like this though---they have a cozy feel, and it definitely beats going to a chain restaurant any day.  I always take my sister here for her birthday every year because she LOVES their notso fries: chip fries covered in melted cheese and bacon. Heart attack on a plate, but a good one.  Coming here for lunch or dinner, there really isn't any dish that I particularly care for; however, the breakfast...OMG. The killet skillet is the BEST breakfast ever!! Soooo much food, I pretty much don't have to eat the rest of the day, and actually now that I think of it, the prices (no matter what you get) are extremely reasonable.  Some of the locations, actually most of them, are very, very small inside, so it gets crowded fast, and sometimes people who are waiting are almost standing on top of you (Beachwood location). 

This is my thing...I was at the Chagrin Falls location this past Saturday, 10/11/14.  My boyfriend and I ordered an appetizer, then food, and the app was taking a little while but we didn't necessarily mind. But our waitress, doing her job, noticed this and asked the cook about it. He flipped out on her, was completely rude and condescending, and totally didn't care we (and probably other customers) could hear it. She kept trying to calm him down and said "I know" to which his response was "Yeah, you know a lot, don't you?" The staff must've had a meeting about workflow or something, because she said "in our meeting yesterday" with his response being "I wasn't hear yesterday" and I guess that meant whatever was decided in their meeting didn't apply to him.  He was so unbelievebaly rude, and later made a comment to another server about the way she did (or maybe didn't do) something...apparently everyone was doing the wrong thing but him.  He must've been too cool with his Cleveland Indians hat his was wearing...you still have to come here for the breakfast.Ǿ
I grew up eating at this exact location. Used to hang out and eat Notso Fries .. Chat till closing and then sit out back. Its always been tight seating and very diner like. Thats very much the allure of this location. Yours Truly has some very good items on the menu and the nostalgia is very Chagrin Falls. Makes me feel at home.  

The menu has some great items. One of my favorites is the Special Delivery. What an awesome burger. The breakfast items are very good also. I used to be addicted to the Turkey Club which is one hell of a sandwich. But dont even think about going to Yours Truly without getting the Notso Fries fully loaded. Sure its a heart attack on a plate, but they are totally worth a bypass or stint.Ǿ
This place is just a tried and true downtown Chagrin Falls diner. The food is reasonably priced, always fresh and tasty and if they screw up they will fix it with a smile. The servers are usually very friendly and if you get a front window table the people watching is fun.Ǿ
Our group of four stopped in at the perfect time for a Memorial Day afternoon. We were immediately seated by a young teenage hostess, who seemed uninterested in us, as she dropped the menus on the table. Fortunately, she was just one of the hostess. 

Another nice teenage waitress came to attend to our table. She ordered our drinks and entrees. We ordered Notso Fries to share as an appetizer. Delish! Unfortunately, they were out of sour cream. The waitress suggested ranch. That worked. We ordered general Tso chicken , boneless buffalo  bites (good), The Club burger-medium (great); Special Delivery burger-medium (underseasoned-okay). Our food came out promptly. When we asked for more silverware, we were told the dishwasher had just broken down, so they were limited w/silverware. Nonetheless, we enjoyed our Neal. We also ordered the Berry Blast and apple pie w/ice cream. 

All in all, a pretty good meal. It was just a lot going on that day.Ǿ
Great breakfast. Even better service. THE place to go in Chagrin Falls for breakfast I had the kill it skillet. It's a meal enough for two but I ate the whole thingǾ
Ok food most of the time, just a quick family place. Service has always been good. Food isn't consistent except the notso fries which our children order everytime we eat there. One problem is it never appears clean but that doesn't seem to stop anyone from eating there, hasn't stopped us either.Ǿ
Quaint little diner-esque joint that is very near and dear to the hearts of many in Chagrin Falls. It's pretty basic in general, but they never fail to satisfy. There are some dishes that you just can't get anywhere else (e.g. the Notso Fries)! I highly recommend the Killet Skillet!!!! Best breakfast skillet out there. 

Fun fact, it was the first restaurant I ever ate at with my family when we first moved to Ohio in 1994.Ǿ
The tiny restaurant shocked me - I was not expecting to see how SMALL this restaurant really is! There were 5-6 tables with 2 sets of 2-person tables, 2 booths, and bar seating. This restaurant is NOT for the claustrophobic, and NOT for the anti-social. 

When we were seated, we sat next to complete strangers. The menu had a great variety, and I ordered the spiciest omelet they had. It wasn't anything special, it was just like the omelets I make at home, which meant that it was delicious. The sweet potato fries were fantastic, especially with the Tango sauce, which is mustard based. 

The ambiance in this restaurant is very interesting, and definitely not for shy people.Ǿ
There ain't nothing wrong with this place or the fact that every time I am home I kill about 5-7 skillets.  They're called "killit skillets" but beware that eating this magnitude of eggs, hash browns, bacon, sausage patties, ciabbata toast all smothered in cheese does nothing for the waistline...but sure as hell puts a grin on my face that is EAR to EAR.Ǿ
Yeh, been going there for years.  Tonight, two problems....

No Heat.  Seriously, just a clue turn off the ceiling fans!  I'd rather eat outside!

COLD food.  We saw it sit under the warming bin.  Not only our food under there for 20 minutes, but nice heating the cole slaw!

It's always been good and fast.  Tonight something was wrong!Ǿ
Great little diner spot we visited when traveling from out of town.  The food was great and the waitress was able to accommodate 5 kids under 4 - not an easy task!  They are extremely friendly and fast and you have to try the pepper bacon!!!Ǿ
We were just there for lunch, loved our waitress Donna but..... I got a chopped salad  and bit into an olive pit. Okay, not happy but understand how it can happen. However when I bit into a plastic bread tag, that was it! Could not take another bite. Donna did take the salad off the bill. I filled out a comment card and asked her to give to the manager which she did. The manager took forever to come to address my issue even though she was just sitting at the counter. She just blew off my concerns saying this stuff happens?????!!!!. Yes they took off the salad but they should have taken off half the bill at the least. LAST VISIT there.Ǿ
Yesterday, I went to Yours Truly with a friend when I was in downtown Chagrin. The restaurant was busy, as usual, and we were barely able to get a two-top during the lunch rush. Service was fair, but I don't blame them for the slowness. Waiters were working very hard during a busy state, and they did a good job. Food came out quickly, refills were made very often, but it was a wait for the check at the end. 

For lunch, I decided to indulge on some nice French toast, and I tried their always delicious pita and Lebanese hummus. The pita and hummus was delicious, as it usually is, but my French toast was not as good as I was hoping it would be. The first two pieces were well cooked, but the last three tasted as if they had been cooked next to something with onions. 

Yours Truly in Chagrin is good, but I have some beef with it: It is very small (fire code for seating is 38 people, to be exact), and sometimes difficult to get a table. Granted, it's an old building, but other locations are fairly larger than this. Also, it is sometimes loud inside, and you can't really have a conversation with someone. But, there is a remedy to that: Sit outside, if you can. It's quiet, and you can usually be seated out there much mode easily than you can inside. I recommend this restaurant, but go at a time when it's not busy, or if you have time to wait. 

I appreciate your time in reading my review.