Met a friend for lunch...found this spot on Yelp and decided to try it out...
There were so many things on the menu that we wanted to try, so we decided to share a few dishes...worked about amazingly!
We shared the daily square peg, the marinated lamb loin, and the bbq beef brisket sandwich...everything was SO good!
The bill came and I couldn't believe how cheap it was!  
I will definitely be back for more!笑
Seriously, Seriously (!!)  Lunch date this afternoon with Lauren M - the two of us decide to head just down Church street to Fabarnak. We are seated and begin to discuss 5 star reviews, what is good, and how sparingly we give 5-stars-now-a-days. Three minutes later we are both salivating over the meals being placed before us, and three minutes after that we are crafting our 5 star reviews in our heads and practically sobbing. 

So I exaggerate slightly, but with the plethora of mediocre and expensive lunch options for us Yorkville area office workers Fabarak shines through like a delicious, inexpensive, beacon of fabulousness which cannot be ignored.

See Lauren M's review below for her description of the "Square Peg" Lunch special which is a delightful and experimental steal at $9. Today's was crispy pigtail w/horseradish aioli, roasted asparagus w/ toscano cheese, mini yukon potatoes w/ basil pesto and rosemary shortbread cookies w/ dolce de leche.

I was interested in reverting to childhood, so I selected a tomato bisque with 4 cheese grilled cheese which was accompanied by onion marmalade and tomato jam. My only complaint was that I could have used much more marmalade, being that it was outstanding. My lunch came in at just over $11. 

I did have one of Lauren's cookies which were, indeed, drool worthy. 

Service was spotty at first, and then exemplary as lunch went on. And to add to the good karma, all profits benefit the 519 community centre, and 80% of the food is locally and sustainably produced. All of it is healthy, and none of the other patrons left a spot on their plates either, which is a good sign. Lots of veggie friendly options. 

Follow on Twitter for lunch specials and the like.

Feel Good, Eat Good food that blows all of the Y&B competition out of the water. I have not had lunch this good in Toronto, maybe EVER, especially anywhere near this price range.  I will be back, frequently - likely waiting in line once the word gets out.笑
Horrible service. We came into the cafe and people just left a table of four. We waited few min for it to be cleaned which is fine. We were about to sit when a group of three came in. We said they could take our table of four and my boyfriend and I can sit at another table next to another couple. My question is why did they get served first, why did they get food first and why was our order taken 15 minutes later. Doesn't matter if your short staffed which he told us half hour after, Take the order of those who came in first. 

Cherry ontop . we waited for our breakfast for half hour. Still the food has not come and its because the chef is looking for one of the ingredients for 20 minutes as stated by the waiter. 
We said its fine to leave it out and so the waiter told UA it's just few more min. Another 5 min goes by and we just had to go. All we got was a sorry.笑
Finally was able to schedule my business trip such that I could pop in here for lunch- and it was worth the wait!  

I had an arugula salad (loved the pears and pecans) and the fried chicken sandwich.  Let me tell you about this sandwich- the perfect size, an excellent piece of chicken cooked to perfection where it was crunchy on the outside and still juicy and tender on the inside, complete with a toasted bun and some delicious slaw.  One perfect combination of taste and texture.

The space was nice and clean although I knocked off 1/2 star for some of my "restaurant pet peeves" which include taking plates away from the table while other people are still eating (I know, I know, I'm being picky) and too-casually-dressed servers.  But I'm willing to forgive based on the mission of this place; they even served a free meal to a homeless man who walked in without question.  I'm definitely coming back!笑
Extremely HIGH quality food. Extremely LOW prices. 

If you like dishes that taste like they were prepared by chefs with love and care, and look and taste like they would be $20-30 per dish (but actually no dish cost more than 13!) you will love this place.

Best tasting food I have had in Toronto that hands down beats very good high class restaurants all over the city. 

This is my new favourite restaurant. I cannot believe their food is so good and so cheap. It's cheaper than Eggsmart for *@&#/#/& sakes!

As an added bonus they help the community by supporting people with various backgrounds. They give people work and help them gain job experience to get a hold of their lives. All proceeds from the restaurant go to the community. See www.the519.org

This place is simply amazing.笑
This is probably my favorite restaurant in Toronto right now.  I always enjoy the food, and I love the concept, which is to to re-introduce people with employment barriers to the work force, and to support the 519 Community Centre.

I normally order the Square Peg, which basically is a bento box, but not of the traditional Asian variety.  It typically contains a small portion of each of an appetizer, salad, main course, and dessert.  You can follow their Facebook or Twitter feed to learn the contents of the Square Peg each day.

Prices are very reasonable given the quality.  I just wish they were open Sundays!笑
On our first visit to Toronto, we wanted a late brunch.  So we hit up Yelp and saw that this place had high marks.  After trekking a few blocks from our hotel, we found the place in the middle of the GLBT side of town.  Rainbows everywhere.  The place had a modern, industrial decor.  Reminded me of Apple products.  We ordered the Square Peg, Lake Erie fish, and Mac&Cheese.  The food came out after about 15 minutes.  Everything was delicious.  The Square Peg is a bento box with a salad, meat, side, and dessert for $10 (lunch).  The meat that day was a succulent sliced pork shoulder.  The salad and sides weren't as remarkable but the fudge tort was crispy and not overbearingly sweet.  The Mac&Cheese was baked and came with a small salad.  Our children enjoyed it.  I didn't taste the fish dish but it disappeared quickly under the fork of a very discriminating eater.  Overall, the food was good and the experience was efficiently pleasant.  I deducted a star only because of the small portion sizes.  I didn't feel full after a Square Peg.  The only thing I would suggest for travelers is to be aware of the community characteristics if with children.  Our 4-yr old innocently asked the waiter (waitress?) out loud, "Are you a boy or a girl?"  Thankfully, it didn't appear the question was heard.笑
Back for another round at Fabarnak.

My coworker and I meet up for lunch once a month and sure, we could check out other restaurants in the area, but we just end up going back to Fabarnak again and again.

We each ordered the Square Peg ($10 - has gone up $1 in price) which on this day contained a slab of roasted piri-piri pork topped with a sunny side egg, creamy coleslaw, fingerling potatoes, and a mini Portugese custard tart. We noticed that the portion size has slightly increased with the price which is fantastic.

Fabarnak is celebrating their one year anniversary and also their liquor license.  The beer menu consisted of several choices of bottle local brews priced at $5.00.  They have also expanded their food menu since the last time we visited.

On my way out, I grabbed a cinnamon cupcake topped with apple cider frosting ($2).  Seriously...does not get better than this.笑
i had the korean steak breakfast with potato salad and poached egg. 

smell and appearance:
beef was really fragrant as the server brought it to my table, and the smell was very authentic reminiscent of LA Kalbi in koreatown. smell of the potato salad was appetizing too. poached egg looked perfect done.

taste and texture:
beef was overly salty and you can tell the chef had a heavy hand in the seasoning. way too salty for a breakfast. however, that being said, the texture was amazing. excellent cut choice for the beef ribs and a lot of tenderizing has been put into it. unfortunately it was the heavy hand seasoning in the korean kalbi sauce; if it was 50% less salty it would have been perfect. i was even tempted to douse it with my water, but being in polite company i declined. 

the heavy hand in seasoning continued to the potato salad where the salad was overpowered by too much salt in the vinaigrette. the spring onions would come in lovely if it wasn't overpowered by the heavy seasoning again. disappointing unfortunately. texture was good, potatoes was soft with a touch of firmness then hint towards the comfort food potential that an excellent brunch portends. 

the poached egg was well made with yolk bursting joyfully when you break it. well done.

beverages:
the cappuccino by illy was perfect. thumbs up to our barista here! 

restaurant philosophy: 
definitely inspiring, nothing beats a community driven, community bonding establishment that amalgamates sustainable local produce - and integrating estranged members of the community to create unique food experiences.

conclusion: based on the rave reviews here, i'm willing to give it another chance. especially the steak+potato hash was intriguing. the brunch menu at fabarnak was quite different from the brunch menu online, as it was missing the anticipated miso-mushroom benny featuring poached eggs, buttermilk biscuit, ginger-sesame hollandaise.笑
I pass by this place every morning on my walk to work and have been wanting to try it forever. When I finally looked it up and saw the awesome menu, rave reviews, and unique concept I was even more intrigued. 

This afternoon I took a client here for lunch. One bite in to my square peg and I was like WHERE HAVE I BEEN? You mean to tell me that this place has been 3 blocks from my office all this time?

The roast beef sandwich was rich and delicious. The crispy sunchokes were even better than actual french fries. The rootbeer bread pudding? Don't get me started. I loved the cute bento box presentation and it was a ton of food for $11. I took half home for an afternoon snack. 

My client had the gnocchi and raved about it. I should also note that she is a vegetarian and there were plenty of options for her. 

The atmosphere was perfect for a casual lunch on a cold day. It was so cheerful and I loved the umbrellas hanging from the ceiling. Brilliant! 

Two comments i would like to make: 

1. It was a little library quiet in there and I found myself wishing they'd put on some background music. 

2. It didn't affect us because we beat the lunch rush, but this isn't necessarily a great place for a client meeting because of the communal seating. For a friend lunch however, it's perfect. 

Can't wait to go back.笑
Excellent find. I went with a bunch of friends for dinner one weekday evening. The server was very polite and it felt very comfortable and welcoming. They have some nifty decor coupled with a very eclectic menu, although I might add that they have something for every taste.

I didn't get a chance to try the Square Peg, but I've heard its delicious :)

Definitely get the soup. When we went, it was a butternut squash, vanilla, and rosemary soup.笑
Came on a Saturday, which opens as an all day brunch and they serve dinner in the evening. LOVE that they re-invest profits from the restaurant back into the community and over 80% of our food is locally and sustainably produced.

Don't know if this was normal but they seemed very short staffed. Regardless the one waiter did a marvelous job. Was attentive to all the patrons even though we had to wait a tiny little bit longer - and not by much. I ordered the grits and the wife had the full monty. Both were really good and perfect portion size - very satisfying. It exceeded my expectations and definitely going to try to make it for dinner next time.  I definitely tipped generously and it was well deserved.笑
I eat here once approximately every other month, always happy with the experience. It can be busy at times and have to wait but the food is good and the places philosophy and community engagement is wonderful.笑
*3.5 stars

Fabarnak is a super casual eatery located inside a community centre in the Gay Village. According to their website, at least 60% of their menu is sourced from local farmers and producers and they want to establish a menu that is "delicious, adventurous, fun and ethical". On this occasion, they were very kind with accommodating our party of 11. 

Now onto the food!

Braised range-free chicken ($12 for some and $17 for more) - house pasta, white wine, stewed tomato, baby leeks, caponata, pecorino. I had a couple of bites of the pasta and I liked it very much. The pasta was slightly on the softer side, but by no means mushy. The tomato sauce was also very tasty. 

Beef brisket ($12 for some and $17 for more)- field mushroom potato hash, caramelized onion, and fried egg. I can't remember whether this was the some or more version, but the flavours were very bold, especially the curry-like sauce on the potatoes.

Most of the party opted for their signature square peg, which is Fabarnak's version of a bento box. The square peg comes in two sizes ($10 for "some" and $15 for "more") and the offerings change on a daily basis. For that day, we had duck liver parfait on toast, seared beef with pickled cucumber, potato salad, and finishing with devil's food cake for dessert. I was already sold upon hearing duck liver! Pictured here is the bigger size. 

Starting with the duck liver spread on toast- I thought the bread was slightly stale, and I would've liked it better had it been toasted some more. The potato salad was tasty, though perhaps a little too heavy on the mayo. The beef had great flavour, but I had difficulty chewing through it, so I ate one piece and gave the rest of my friend (and traded him for some pasta). The chocolate cake was also too sweet for me, and I gave most of mine away as well. 

I really loved the whole concept of Fabarnak, but sadly I wasn't a big fan of my square peg that night. That said, the prices are very reasonable, so I would definitely give this place a second try, but I'd probably order a sandwich instead next time.笑
Finally made it out to Fabarnak, and I am sooo sad about all the lunches we could have had together while I've been futzing around procrastinating in getting to this fabulous eatery...  I had the buttermilk chicken with cornbread and a locally brewed nut brown, very satisfying... The dishes are outstanding, substantial portions, great presentation, and under-priced, which is to say great price for great food...  and all the most interesting and best looking people eat here, really.笑
Had an amazing dinner there during their February Foodie Nights week. Maple smoked pork loin with bits and pieces soaked in fatty broth, and heavens was it decadent. Adventurous eating, for sure. Also had a fois gras mousse and gnocchi with creme fraiche and tomatoes that was to die for. Highly recommended, and for a good cause.笑
They no longer have gluten free mac and cheese. I think you can only have a salad if you are veggie/gluten-free with the new menu.笑
One of the few places I'd give 5 stars to. It's hard to go wrong here because everything is so damn good! 

As soon as I walk in, I go right to their bakery counter to get some treats and then sit down to order a hot meal. I just want it all!笑
This place used to be amazing.  A long time fan of the square peg, I didn't mind when they increased the price a dollar because the quality was incredible.  Something happened to this place though.  Whether it is new management or simply a matter of resting on their laurels.  The peg was changed so that basically it became a glorified soup and salad with potatoes and the service went downhill to boot.  Today I went in hungry and left starving and a little queezy.  I ordered the wanna-be peg that was to have potatoes, soup, a brownie and a chicken taco.  The soup was sour and kind of clumpy and I found a blond hair in the chicken taco and sent it back.  Waited.  Got a my new order, found another hair -this time brown.  I sent it back.  The only staff person their offered me anything on the menu for free (after the second time finding a hair!) but then walked away.  So unable to ask any questions about the variety of salads I was supposed to eat as a substitute for a meal - I left.  It is doubtful that I will return.  Such a shame, because this place used* to be a treasure. Now its another crappy place to eat among crappy chains on the Church st. strip.笑
FINALLY, ABBAS GOT TO HIT ONE OF THE BEST RESTAURANTS IN THE CITY.

On Saturday morning, I woke up hungover as ever, and craving food. When thinking about brunch options, Church St Diner and the Smith were discussed, and then I came up with FABARNAK. I've been dying to go to this place FOREVER.

Finally, I had my chance. 

We got there, and boy was it packed. We ended up having to wait about 45 minutes to get a seat, but all that didn't matter once I got my face full of that noms. 

We ordered (to share)

1. The Pulled Pork Eggs Benny - OMFG. SO GOOD. peppers, chunks of pork (isn't supposed to be shredded/pulled?) on a cheese bun with a beautiful hollondaise, and a leafy green salad. MUST GET. 

2. Duck Carbonara - my FAVOURITE. Fresh made pasta, with duck pieces, mushrooms and delicous duck egg. TO DIE FOR. Only qualm, it was such a small portion, I could've eaten like 5 orders of it.

3. The Beef Brisket Hash - also really good. Not my favourite though, because I thought it was a bit to sweet, but it was my dining companion's favourite. 


Notes:

In total, the bill was 20 each + Tip. WHAT SO CHEAP?

They were out of the bread baskets :(

The deserts at front looked so good.

Kudos to the employment program servers! They did a really good job!

Also, loved being seated at the same table as others...love listening to other peoples convo's and seeing what they're eating (I'm kinda a creep like that)


Now that I've had the brunch, cant wait for the full on dinner service meals!笑
Its my favorite place on Church St to have lunch.  It's a really unique concept a restaurant owned and run by a community centre.  The food is excellent and much of the staff are people ( many younger) getting job skills.  I hope they can keep it going.  It is a real inspiration.笑
Came here entirely based off of Yelp reviews, and glad to say this was a great recommendation - thanks, Yelp!  I've actually never been to the 519 Community Centre before, and I have to say it looks like a great space (I've heard it wasn't that way even just a few years ago).  Fabarnak was not hard to find, as it literally fronts the building, and is surrounded on two sides by glass, so has a great bright airy feel to it.  It's smaller than you might think (two long tables and maybe six or seven smaller tables surrounding them).

The menu is definitely fluid, this being a locavore-themed restaurant.  My only problem with this is that I always fall in love with seasonal dishes that may never appear on the menu again.  Such is my fear for the lamb small plate that was on offer - perfectly cooked medium rare lamb slices over a light salad with cherry tomatoes and slices of sweet ever-so-lightly-pickled cucumber.

We also quite enjoyed the Crispy Cauliflower swimming in a sea of curried bacon and sprinkled with microgreens.

The Gazpacho was okay, but not mind-blowing, and I was told it's a cold soup, and asked if I was okay with that.  Usually, I'd start judging the waitstaff at this point since I'm of the mind that if you don't know something like that already, you, as a Customer are too stupid to be dining out at all, and I believe waiters should be as snobby as I am in that regard, but I couldn't fault the guy - he was nothing but friendly and efficient from beginning to end - attentive without being obtrusive - literally, the perfect waiter.

One of us got the daily "Square Peg", a bento box of four constantly changing dishes - last night's theme was Zucchini - a fried zucchini steak (pretty awesome with whatever red sauce they blanketed the crispy thing with), zucchini blossom filled with ricotta (a little ho-hum), a side of duck and corn hash (really flavourful), and some sugar-coated zucchini fritters (probably the best thing in the "Peg").

You really get a sense that they care about the diners here, and that they definitely know how to provide both great food and great service, all at a very reasonable price - I ask you, what more could you ask for in a restaurant?笑
After checking out some reviews on local restaurants, I had to drop by Fabarnak. IT was one of the few affordable restaurants striving to serve local food. 

I arrived around 7pm  and it was pretty quiet. 

Based on the recommendation from the cashier clerk, I ordered the lamb sandwich to eat in (no waiter service at dinner time) at $9 including taxes. 

The cashier that served me was really friendly and helpful. When I didn't order any drinks, he suggested water. I was shocked when he handed me a glass cup and a beautiful large pre-chilled Le Parfait glass bottle of  extra cold tap water.  This definitely impressed me and enhanced my cafeteria style dining experience compared to eating at Fresh where they served us our tap water in cheap plastic cafeteria cups and the tap water was not even cold.

It took them under 10 mins to prepare my sandwich but when it came, it was hot, tasty and oozing with  blue?? cheese  (wish that they had included more lamb).

The bonus with this restaurant is that they employ workers who face barriers to employment. 

I truely believe that we need to start/support restaurants that build communitiy relationships and foster sustainability. When we spend our money, we are in fact choosing to support businesses whether we are conscious/proud of it.
 
Fabarnak may not be perfect based on some of the reviews noted by other people,  but I give them high marks for attempting to build a business model that is unique and sustainable. 

Eating here made me feel good in so many ways and I would definitely come back.笑
I go here for brunch fairly often.  The specials are really creative and delicious, sometimes combining unusual breakfast ingredients in a wonderful way.  The servers are polite and attentive.  Likewise, it can get crowded on Saturday mornings.  5 stars!笑
Had a truly utterly fantastic brunch here. 
Living on church means lot of great restaurants to deal with, farbarnak is far by the best, from their complimentary bread to entree. 

I'm already seeing myself checking in on every saturday afternoon :)笑
The service is always excellent here.  Their menu changes according to season, but each season brings a new twist and new flavours.  I've eaten at many five star restaurants, and the taste of the food more often than not exceeds the taste at far fancier establishments.  

You can have a 3 course dinner for about $25 and lunch for about $15.  It is a must try.笑
I had dinner here several weeks ago. The food was delicious and the prices can't be beat. We had the square peg and smoke duck pasta and fish and chips.  Everything was so delicious and presented beautifully.  I also love how the restaurant's mission is to help individuals who need opportunities to develop skills that will help them with future work endeavors. Oh and don't skip dessert. We had a cranberry cupcake and white chocolate coconut pie. So yummy!笑
3.5 stars.  I have been here twice but I don't know what the big deal is.  The service is great and the atmosphere is nice but I've had better food for the same price elsewhere.  I would go here again because it's close to where I live but it wouldn't be the first place I pick.  I haven't given their weekend brunch a try or tried too many of their dishes on the menu but with the rating this place got I was slightly disappointed.笑
Food is amazing, and healthy, five stars for food
yes you should expect to wait, but good food takes time, so build that into your plan, I'm willing to wait for a good meal. Square peg is good reliable simple choice, but everything is delicious.  Note that the high priced fancy fruit juice is just apple juice with a little bit of pomegranate, cherry or other juice to liven it up. 

I recommend it, but I always go with a backup restaurant planned, since 3 out of 4 times I've intended to go, they havent been open. Call ahead. 

They arent open when they say they are open, and sometimes decide not to open at all for the day. Their website has little information, and the contact page is blank. Unreliablity, and inconsistancy are the reason this doesnt get 5 stars. They do not post hours on the store, it seems to be a form of arrogance and contempt for their customers.笑
I wanted to give this ace a four star rating due to it being inexpensive and having good (not great)  food,  but the pictures on the website show a much more elaborate style of food that what's on a very small selection of food for lunch,  maybe 10 items which includes the apps.   

The place is dressed like a fast food restaurant,  and kind of hidden up some stairs.   I actually walked by it and didn't know it.   

The service is friendly,  but if it were packed it could be a challenge with one waitress for about 25 seats.   We had a late lunch  though,  so no issues to report there.笑
Visited this restaurant as a lunch assignment and left satisfied with my arugula salad and raisin chutney dressing. My friend, enjoyed a fish sandwhich of which I forget the name and a mixed bean salad which was very delicious albeit a tad dry. Had I been hungrier, I would have ordered a larger dish, but that gives me another reason to visit, so all is good!笑
I went back for Friday lunch with two of my family members. I had talked it up so much, that they were really excited. We all decided to go with the bento special. 

In our family, we barely use salt. But everything was really under-seasoned, and you could tell that they barely put in effort. As one of my family members said  "it's like they didn't even try".

In one bento box, we were each given two thin and small slivers of lamb meat on a bed of potatoes in tzatziki sauce. The tzatziki sauce literally tasted like nothing; it was so under seasoned, and it wasn't even creamy. It just helped the potatoes stay moist, basically. 
The meat was really tender and well seasoned, but it was literally two slivers...

In another bento box, we each got 4 little brussel sprouts and 3 pieces of croutons...I could see the bottom of that box so clearly. The brussel sprouts were warm, and nothing amazing. The crumpets were just crumpets lol 

In another bento box, we had more veg. Fresh raw green beans and carrots tossed in a Thai-inspired dressing. It was under seasoned...the veg was fresh, but that's the only positive thing I can say with confidence.

The least-bad thing was the dessert. A square piece of rhubarb cake with whipped cream on top. It was sticky, moist, sweet, and did what a dessert should. If anything, that filled me up the most.

I was very disappointed, especially because it's Fabarnak, and not just some random place I had no expectations for. Judging by what everyone else says, and my last experience, maybe this is a one-off thing, but I was still very sorry to my family members who came a long way out just to have such a bland meal; I'd rather have eaten at home.笑
I visited Fabernak for a weekday breakfast.  I love that the restaurant supports the 519, a local LGBT community center; it's worth going to for that reason alone.  And the staff I interacted with were all friendly, helpful, and pleasant.  

However, the breakfast food is not great, and not a very good value for the money.  We tried a lacklaster breakfast burrito that was fine but somewhat flavorless for $8, and an "ultimate" breakfast sandwich on a chive scone with egg and peameal bacon for $6.  The sandwich wasn't bad, but not something I'd go out of my way for.  Also, the carafe of water we were given was dirty; there were bits of weird gunk floating in it.  The coffee was decent, though, and our glasses were refilled when dining in.

Granted, I haven't been here for lunch or for weekend brunch; it might be a lot better then, especially the "square box" sampler dish everyone raves about.  Maybe lunch is more interesting?笑
I somewhat like this one  -----}  Rabbit Gnocchi
I kinda like this one          -----}  Peruvian Flank Steak
I definitely like this one    -----}  Deconstructed Chowder

I like this one too             -----}  Creative, fun, simple, healthy, diverse Menu

I DONT like this one        -----}  Green Hard Metal Chairs笑
I would happily give fabarnak five stars for the value I get for my money.  I work nearby, so fabarnak is usually a once a week staple for me.  For what you get, the price can't be beat, at least not anywhere I've been in Toronto.

I adore Fabarnak, and I've introduced it to many friends who agree that its fair prices, and creative food make it totally worth while (as I type, I am munching away on a yummy square peg lunch special)...  Sometimes, however, the quality at fabarnak can fluctuate.  While I'll go back again and again, sometimes I have been disappointed.  The square pegs are the staple, and give me the chance to try things I wouldn't normally.  But, because they make a limited quantity, sometimes the food in the square peg can get a big disappointing, perhaps because they make a certain amount in bulk.  This is the only reason I'm knocking a star off this delightful little eatery!  I find when I do order off the menu that the food is always top quality and wonderful.  

One thing to note: Fabarnak is a social enterprise that gives employment opportunities to people who may traditionally have barriers to working in the restaurant industry.  As such service can be slow sometimes.  Don't take it out on the tip though, the tips all go directly to the community center!

oh, and cupcake Wednesday is rather special and amazing.  I recommend checking it out!  If you're curious, like them on facebook, or follow them on twitter, and they post their daily specials, including their cupcakes!  This works out great for me, as it allows me to decide whether or not to order takeout that day.笑
Good: We had dinner here on one of the Harvest nights, so they were temporarily licensed! The wine list was good, but the beer selection was an excellent - especially important as the menu that night was small. We enjoyed some Beau's Lug Tread ale with our meal, and it worked perfectly. 

Better: The service is really friendly and efficient. Dinner in this community centre space makes for a different experience than most restaurants as it's not dimly lit... but I found it refreshing to see the other patrons, especially people meeting at the communal table. 

BEST: Chef Wood is an adventurous cook, and puts his dishes together with a lot of thought. We started with the "duelling tongues" appetizer - cod and beef tongue served with a sauce for dipping. The tea-infused capon wings were decent. The ribs were cooked very well, but the apple fritter really stole the show. The halibut en papillote with vegetables was pleasant; well done for a very healthy dish. 

I would give this particular dinner 3.5 stars. While all of the food was very good, only the ribs and apple fritter really blew me away. However, I'm intrigued to return, as having food of this calibre at lunchtime could definitely push it into 5-star territory. 

Dollars: $100 for two appetizers, two mains, two big bottles of Beau's, tax and tip.笑
Just been here this afternoon for late lunch. Had beef brisket sandwich and iron steak sandwich with salads and soups, and dessert was pecan pie. Total was about 38 including tips.

It was awesome!! Definitely come back again. Even it's red meat, but tasted pretty light. Like the salad dressing a lot.

Soup was good, but not that exciting as sandwiches, as well as dessert.笑
Another Yelp find, we ventured into Fabarnak for a light lunch before heading out of town. We shared four small plates (deviled duck egg, cheese toast, marrow, and chicken wings) along with the cucumber salad. What interesting textures and flavors! The waiter explained how the chef likes to incorporate unlikely ingredients into common dishes. All I can say is, it works. Even our 13yo and 10yo (who admittedly have different palates than most) enjoyed the experience. The 10yo would recommend the cheese toast, the 13yo ate more marrow than I would have expected, and I was a big fan of the salad (with goat feta, YUM!). Sleek atmosphere, friendly staff, tasty dishes, and all for a good cause - definitely worth your time.笑
Been here a few times, always getting the random bento box of the day. Every time has been solid, both food and price.笑
I'm a BIG fan of this place. 

Partly because it is actually an awesome restaurant with delicious food, partly because the concept is great.

Basically, this restaurant servers as training grounds for teaching people the skills they need for employment. There are professionals working together with the trainees help them learn the skills they need to be productive members of society. 

We must have been lucky both times with servers near the end of their training because they service has always been friendly, quick and the food delicious. Both times we've been we had soups, sandwiches and coffees.

If you live in Toronto, this is a must check out restaurant.笑
Saturday all-day breakfast at Fabarnak...

I was looking forward to visiting this place after all of the encouraging Yelp reviews. What can I say?? I'm a huge fan of this place.

The decor was very minimalistic but colourful. Upside-down pink umbrellas as lighting, a long wooden table in the centre, and pieces of artwork made the place seem artistic but homely. The waiter was friendly and very informative about what was on the menu. It was a little busy when I went so the service was a little slow but it was all worth it.... because the food was amazing.

I had french toast with pea-meal bacon with mustard seed and beet jam on the side. The beet jam was delicious. So innovative! Everything on the plate just went so well together. The grits seem to be a popular choice, so I'll try that next.

I don't know how they think of the menu because I think it changes almost daily.... but whatever you're doing Fabarnak, keep it up! I have you penciled in for every Saturday...笑
Came here for dinner last Friday and Saturday, yes two days in a row, that probably explains how much I love this place. The food was amazing, Friday, we tried the duck pasta, smoked bone marrow, and the daily special fish. everything was so perfectly done. The duck pasta was so impressive I had to go back there again (of course the fish was amazing too, but deals like that are not available every day), Friday, duck pasta, bone marrow, pig tail, and the daily peg square. The egg Florentine and the hash potato was definitely the highlight of the meal. The duck pasta was consistently amazing, when I mix the running duck egg with the rest of the pasta, I feel like that's the moment that I worked so hard the entire week for. 

The pickled mushroom, oh, please try the pickled mushroom, it almost comes with every appetizer. Bread is amazing too.笑
I love this place for a few reasons. First of all, I love the ever-changing menu. The Bento box lunches are fantastic. Incredibly interesting, local, and tasty food at great prices. I love that it's in the 519 Community Ctr. But most of all, I love their ability to host a private dinner gathering. I hosted 2 work parties here in the past 12 months. Jacob and the team were incredibly accommodating, pleasant, and efficient to work with. Our group of 18 is quite diverse  in our tastes and dietary predilections, but not a single person was anything less than thrilled with the food offerings.笑
Although we got here too late to try the famous square peg (it sells out early, don't delay!), we got to try a delicious kale salad and I think some sort of grain salad with roasted squash. Both hearty, tasty and well-priced. We also got a scone or biscuit that was just ok and very small for $. Staff was so pleasant and helpful.笑
I have been here for brunch numerous times. Not only is it reasonable priced but I have never had a disappointing meal here. I'm usually here on Saturday's for brunch. 
The brunch specials are always changing and are always lovely. A few of the items I've had in the past are: Bourbon soaked, Caramel Pecans French Toast, Trout Eggs Benedict and Gluten Free Cinnamon Oat Pancakes (all their pancakes are gluten free actually) all for $10-11. 

Coffee is great. Staff is great. So are their baked good.笑
Wow!  Ok, healthy, fresh, inexpensive and delicious food with a social conscience?  What? What? What?  Yup!  All of the above and more. 

Had lunch here today with Lauren M. and my goodness it was everything that everyone has been raving about.  

Today's square peg of Boston lettuce, smoked blue cheese and buttermilk dressing with baked beans, smoked pig feet stuffed corn toritillas with aged gouda, pickled pepper hot sauce and melon semi freddo and rum sugar cookie was indeed a mouthful to pronounce but worth every single  syllable when it came time to feast on this delicious offering!  All for 9 bucks!


Would I return? Yes!  Would I recommend this place to others? Highly!  Was the service good?  Absolutely!笑
Ordered the Square Peg on December 20, 2013.  
Included: Duck confit salad with poached egg on top, roasted potatoes, sticky toffee pudding and garlic bread.  
Price: $11+tax
Service: Meh

The deal with this place is that's an oxymoron.  it has a fancy name (Fabarnak) but it looks like a cafeteria.  They have fancy dishes, but it's served in a bento box.  They are a restaurant, but located in the same building as a community centre.  

So as for the food, I thought it was slightly above average.  What I liked the most was the poached egg as it was perfect and the yolk came oozing out onto the duck confit.    The duck confit was decent and the meat texture was perfect, but I found it slightly salty, as were the roast potatoes.

As for the pudding, this was good and I would have it again, although i really don't like sweets. I think a lot of people would like it.  

However, my biggest pet peeve about the Square Peg is that I felt it was the dessert that filled me up and not the entree.  I would have much preferred to have a bigger entree and smaller dessert.   I really don't want to pay $11 for a big chunk of cake and a small entree.  

Maybe it's just not for me, but I think this is an average lunch place and really a bit overrated.  Sorry.笑
This place is just amazing. The food is ridiculously good. Daily specials are actually special. Their house salad and fries are much more unique than what you usually find. In addition to the heavenly cuisine, it's a cute little place with friendly service and prices that are very much worth it. I loved the experience and will definitely be coming back.笑
Fabarnak is probably my favourite restaurant in Toronto. Their Square Peg offers great value and allows you to try a little bit of everything for a very reasonably $10 for a small serving and $15 for a larger serving. The small serving usually fills me up which is great. Besides the terrific value, the square peg also allows you to try something different every time. They usually tweet what the square peg of the day will have so its probaby best to check if its sometihng you will like before heading out. I don't usually do this and have never been dissapointed with their food. I've only ordered from their regular menu once and got the duck pappardelle which was perfect as well. Other than the food being perfect, the service here is great as well although like other people mentioned -  a bit slow. The staff is always super polite and attentive and have even 'reserved' a square peg for me and had it ready a few minutes before the restaurant closed. I believe the restaurant also hires people who are from disadvantaged backgrounds and helps them turn their life around which is great. Its great knowing that you can support great causes like this by enjoying an amazing meal at honest prices. If only all the world's problems could be solved like this. Another amazing initiative by the restaurant is that they donate all the tips they receive because according to a sign by the cashier 'all the staff is paid well to serve guests and so they want the tips to go towards helping other people'. The restaurant also has great ambience. I love the green chairs and glass windows and can only imagine how amazing it will be in the summer when everything is nice outside and they will perhaps allow you to sit outside on the little patio and enjoy your meal. I highly reccomend Fabarnak to anyone. Its worth the trip across from wherever you live.笑
The food is pretty good and unique. They always have different options every time I go in. But, the portions (except for the bento boxes) are small. Price is reasonable though.笑
I went on a Sunday. Strangely, they had only brunch well after noon. Anyway, the food was decent and unique. Most portions were appropriate. The southern grits dish was pretty bad though.. very spicy and not much else. Beef brisket dish was tiny. The sandwich I got was good. Started with a c. Service was pretty slow.笑
So over-rated.  I had the pasta.  It was terrible.  First off, it tasted a little off.  It was like eating plain pasta with chopped parsley on top.  It was pathetic.  

The dessert was good though.  I had white chocolate pecan pie.  It was very good. The pecan part was nice with little crunchy sugary toffee-like pieces...  I would rate their pie a 4/5.  Go for Wednesday cupcake day for breakfast or lunch.笑
I can no longer keep this secret. After all, I have taken five friends here over four meals in almost as many days. I think that I've hoarded this amazing place (almost) to myself for long enough. Fabarnak is amazing and everyone needs to know right now!

Over three lunches and a brunch, I've sampled two extremely different square pegs, two massive tasty bowls of the server recommended smoked cheese and bacon topped warm potato salad, two perfectly proportioned (with far more cake than icing) cupcakes (which are different every week and available only on Wednesdays), a delicious Full Monty breakfast, a deconstructed chowder, and half of an order of their fantastic yeast-leavened pancakes with peameal bacon and rosemary whipped cream. 

Organic iced teas come in lime, lemon, and pomegranate. They even carry Boylan sodas which are sweetened with cane sugar. A big hot mug of "gout russe" tea or any other choice from their selection of French teas will wake you right up too. 

There are only two tables on the raised patio. If you're lucky enough to snag one, you might just catch some of the action on Church St. (like the World Naked Bike Ride that we caught a glimpse of this past Saturday). The smaller and communal tables inside are nice and comfortable too.

The service is consistently sincere despite the fact that all of the tips (and most of the proceeds from the sales) go back to the 519 community centre (which the restaurant is housed in). It's so wonderful to meet servers and chefs who enjoy their jobs and believe in what the operation stands for...all the while enjoying inventive fare at an extremely great deal.

I am pretty much already a regular, but hope that I won't have to fight any of you to get a seat now that I've let the fat cat out of the bag.笑
This restaurant is absolutely amazing. I was here for saturday brunch and I ordered their pull pork benny. It's the best eggs benedict I've ever had and I've been to many restaurants for brunch in Toronto and NYC. Words can't describe how good it was. 

I'm definitely going back and I can't wait to try their dinner menu. 

Tips: They don't serve dinner on Tuesdays.笑
Fabarnak is one of my favorite restaurants in Toronto! The place is casual but sleek and I always have a good experience both with service and the food. I like how they explain their specials for the day, as they would do at classy restaurants. It always takes a while for me to decide, but it doesn't matter because anything I order here is exceptional! I tend to get something from the regular menu though, rather than the square peg. I love the duck carbonara and herbed chicken, and the desserts always look so tempting! The menu may vary daily but I like how they come up with different ideas every time, which make them all the more interesting. Meals at Fabarnak are always unique, fresh, and delicious at a very reasonable price. I wish they'd be open all day though, all the way till dinner time!笑
Brought the beau here for his bday dinner and we both fell in love with the food. The atmosphere is sooo casual and then they bring out these beautiful plates of food and totally blow you away. 

Of course we had the square peg but paired it with some small plates and a side salad (which was the size of a meal salad). Everything we ate was well thought out and carefully prepped. And very in season!

The server was awesome, so helpful and friendly. Can't wait to come back for Saturday brunch and dinners as much as possible!笑
I have to say I was a little disappointed with this place. I had the ham grilled cheese and added the kale salad. While the salad was honestly phenomenal, the ham on the sandwich was really fatty and offputting and the bread was too hard, so I ate less than half of the sandwich. 

The decor is kind of cute. It's a small place but they've added some artwork and umbrellas hanging from the ceiling to liven it up a little. There is one umbrella that is hanging the opposite way from every other umbrella up there- and I realize this is nitpicky, but that drove me nuts!

The service was quite slow. It was just one guy serving all of the tables as well as the customers at their walk-up counter, which I thought was unusual during a lunch rush. I wouldn't recommend coming here if you're in a hurry, but I do plan to go back some day and try other menu items.笑
2.5 out of 5 for me. 
 
I know most ppl love this place, but i wasn't overly impressed. I got to try 8 different dishes in a group of 4, and all in all, i thought the dishes were conceptually good, but lacked the development of flavour in a lot of cases. But not bad all the same.  

I think the prices are quite good, the space is great, but other than that, i wasn't really impressed. The service was pretty bad.

I have a sense though that i may have come here on an off night, so i am interested to go back and try the square peg, but all in all, not a winner for me for now.

and i think it's worth mentioning that i got sick from the food as well the next day. pretty sure it was the halibut cheeks that did it.笑
I wish, I wish, I wish we had more places like this in Toronto.

First, you can't beat the story and concept behind this restaurant, almost cafeteria-like in its setting in a community centre.

Second, so many of the menu options are nutritious, healthy, and yet creative - great for meeting a friend for a dinner that won't make you feel like you'll be rolling home.

I had the small classic bisque to start, which I now realize didn't have a cheese brioche as stated on the menu (perhaps that's only with the large?). The soup was a little on the spicy side for me, which overwhelmed any other flavours that would have been underneath, and I skimmed out the pool of evergreen oil floating on top.

For the main, I had a dinner-sized cassoulet. It came presented nicely with a few small triangles of brown toast. It was delicious, warm and hearty. I could eat it every day. The serving size was very reasonable for its price.

We went on a Friday evening after 6pm, so they were sold out of nearly everything (including dessert), sadly. I can't wait to go back and try something else, though I wouldn't be surprised if I ended up ordering the cassoulet again.笑
Came here with high hopes based on all the other positive reviews - Definitely wasn't disappointed! We had the square peg (which tonight was corn, short ribs, tempura, icecream dessert), and the duck cabonara. Both were great and had an asian fusion fare to it. For appetizer, we had the sweetbread schnitzel which was for sure the highlight of the meal. You must get this!! 

What can be improved is the speed of the service. It took us awhile to get our appetizer and then to get our dinner. Staff was very friendly. 

Love that this restaurant is a social enterprise. It would be great if they could advertise it more in the restaurant - maybe have the info on the menu or something.笑
I'd heard good things about Fabarnak before I went there for dinner with a rather attractive young man. We were both very pleased to find out that the restaurant more than lived up to its reputation, with its central location (less than a block north of Church and Wellesley), excellent service, inventive and enjoyable cuisine, and remarkably low cost.笑
I didn't get to try their marquee item, the Square Peg that everyone has raved about -- they were sold out -- and therefore can't consider my review complete.  That being said, I was pretty disappointed with my brief experience this afternoon, and have real misgivings about going back.

I ordered the sandwich of the day: Cuban.  The meat was greasy, as was the bun -- so much so that I found myself constantly wiping my fingertips.  Worst of all -- Sin of Sins! -- it did not contain the promised pickles, and to quote Pete Cherches, "A Cuban sandwich wouldn't be a Cuban sandwich without sliced pickles. They add a crunch and flavor that goes very nicely indeed with the pork, ham and cheese."  Thus, apart from a lightly garlicky aioli (or whatever it was), there was nothing to this sandwich apart from meat and cheese.  This being my second time trying and failing to get a good Cuban sandwich outside of Miami, I am throwing in the towel :)

The spring mix on the side was a'ight, although it didn't contain the advertised cucumbers.

The service was lackluster.  It took quite a long time for the server to come take our order, and rather a while to get rung up, even though this was well after the lunch rush and the place was half empty.笑
This restaurant was a great find for me thanks to yelp.  I went for brunch and had poached eggs and toast which was beautifully presented.  I also had coffee which was delicious.  The staff were extremely friendly and very efficient. I would highly recommend this restaurant.笑
Finally, I had the square peg and loved it.
I've been meaning to try Fabarnak for so long now, and when I ate, it all made sense. Given such a high average Yelp score, you wonder why? Why the "hype"? Can they live up to my expectations? To answer: Yes, yes they can.

Going in, I didn't research what type of food they served or what was on their menu. I just assumed it was delicious food, and that was all I needed to know. I heard that their Square Peg meal was a sampler's choice from heaven. Being the Bento Box fiend I am, I had to try it.

What's nice about Fabarnak is that it's small, modest and humble in it's ways. The space is small, seating is certainly limited and decor is at a minimal. But it's all fine. Like I said before, it all makes sense. The food is the highlight and I don't need an animatronic gorilla pounding it's chest during a fake rain storm. Fabarnak is like sitting in someone's kitchen for lunch/dinner. A candle, a fork, a spoon and a knife. A painting, a hanging apron and some lights, that's it. Nothing to distract your senses from indulging in their cared for food. How do I know it's cared for? It tastes like it.

I ordered the Square Peg, 4 compartments with their daily specials ($15). Roasted shredded squash with parm, lamb wild rice, kidney on crostini,and a chocolate brownie with caramel for dessert. My lovely gf ordered the large portion of roasted chicken with vegetables ($17). 

We loved our food. We couldn't stop commenting with each bite, literally. I thought the execution of every component was done exquisitely. I don't remember the last time I had a meal that I thought was prepared as well as those dishes. Admittedly, I liked my gf's choice roasted chicken more than my square peg assortment. Both dishes demonstrated thought and creativity but the flavours and seasoning were perfect on the chicken. The pesto smere made the dish. 

Overall, Fabarnak pays attention to detail. Seasoning food is second nature to them. The flavours are true to the ingredients. Nothing is hidden because there isn't anything for them to hide. Simple dishes with big bold flavours, that's what food is all about.笑
deep fried pig ears and crispy pigtail? this is no place for porky pig. overall, exceptional brunch spot (they have dinner service as well) north of the downtown core. i really love the texture of the halibut cheek cuts; the meat just falls apart like tender chicken breast but has a really juicy and flavourful taste to it. the pigtails were meh and much too chewy for me to order again. the service was very friendly but server seemed a bit inexperience but that gets better over time. Place has a great menu that is refreshed frequently and it's a nice change from your usual eggs benny type brunch spot笑
Excellent food and good service sums it up. The only gripe is that the restaurant is beside a small parkette and there's always sketchy people outside smoking or just stinking up the place. No need to use your bear spray, just have it handy. Cool and hip furniture, weird hours, and the food is healthy and tasty. Pro-tip: Go for breakfast, brunch or lunch.笑
I love this place and I've never even had the clam chowder or the pegs. Some duck pappardelle and beef brisket is all I need!笑
I dont understand the hype. Truly. I was so excited because of the unusually high reviews.

We walked in, unsure about how it worked, and no one paid any attention to us. We were basically ignored for a while and finally someone who seemed to think we were a bit of an inconvenience took our order and sat us down at a communal table (which I happen to really like actually).

We ordered sandwiches. I had the lamb and he had the beef brisket. The lamb was actually pretty good. It was juicy and flavorful....my only complaint being that the bread overtook the sandwich. The potato salad I had on the side was ok. My husbands brisket sandwich was fatty and tough and cold and somewhat on the bland side. Once again, the bread was so large, it overtook the sandwich. The best thing i had here was the pear fennel muffin. OMG that was GOOD! Like really really good. I would go back just to have that muffin. Outstanding flavour that was lacking in the sandwiches.

It took 45 minutes to get our order and they had already sold out of a sandwich within 30 mins or ordering which was annoying. 

I was really disappointed here. I wanted to give it more, but I didn't have a good experience.笑
Pros: Food is excellent. The staff is friendly and the prices are great. 

Cons: The location is terrible. the main door of this restaurant is attached to a community center which means that people are walking in and out all the time. the temperature is close to freezing inside the restaurant. there is no wine or alcoholic beverages as the restaurant doesn't currently have the necessary permits.笑
This little gem flies under the radar inside The 519 community centre on Church Street, but the concept and the quality of the food may soon blow the cover.

Fabarnak has awesomeness written all over it, right down to the wordplayful name. Recently opened in November 2010, it's a teaching restaurant aimed at training people with barriers to employment, with profits going back to The 519. Kicking up the good citizenship a few more notches, the menu is all healthy, sustainable and locally sourced.

The comfortably minimalist space isn't large, but floor-to-ceiling windows give it a bright, open and modern feel. Rumour has it that a patio is slated to open up once warmer weather arrives.

I ordered 'Earthy', a barley risotto cooked in miso broth and served with caramelized onions, succulent mushrooms and green peas. The seasoning was perfect, and the portion was sized just right to fill me up without giving me a food baby.

Everyone else in my party was similarly impressed with the food. At $12 for a main at lunch, the prices are great for the foodie-worthy quality you're getting.

A few things were a bit rough around the edges: my tea was served in a disposable paper cup (biodegradable, but odd for dining-in), service was pleasant and competent, though a little inefficient at times. NB: no liquor licence (yet?). On a separate note: as a vegan, I'd be happy to see at least a few more vegetarian options on the meat-heavy card. No stars deducted -- it's a newly opened teaching restaurant with a great concept and sweetly forgivable little kinks.笑
Came on a Saturday, which opens as an all day brunch... I think 80% of of the food is locally and sustainably produced.

Very very short staffed. One waiter did a marvelous job. Was attentive to all the patrons even though we had to wait a tiny little bit longer - and not by much. I ordered the grits and it was good.That's why it is ****.笑
This place deserves one star. I am only being lenient because they have an admirable business model of giving back to the community.

Cons:
-Server handed us the menu, when ordered a few minutes later they said they ran out of bacon and a few other ingredients. You are suppose to tell the customer what you ran out of prior to them looking at the menu. Unprofessional.
-45 minute wait for food during a slow time of the day.
-We had to remind our waiter to bring out food out!! Seriously.
-eggs were lukewarm
-apathetic waitstaff (friendly does not equate good service, speed is important)
-small portion for shrimp grits

Pros:
+Business model
+Shrimp grits was good
+plate presentation
+Decor

I don't have much else to say about this place. If you can't serve your customers properly on a Saturday morning, don't open. 45 minutes for two eggs and a shrimp grit? Seriously, unacceptable.笑
A great concept and social enterprise. A small selection of quality food, attentive service, and decent prices. Went last night for the first time. Had the butternut squash appetizer. The squash was quite flavourful, the  bed of slaw it was nestled on was okay. I had rabbit and mashed potatoes and my partner had the duck confit. Both were tasty. We had apple pie and a double layer chocolate cake for dessert. The cake was rich, moist and delicious but the apple pie was not good. It was soggy and the crust not quite done. We did not select from the fresh dessert menu, but selected from the counter choices. We will go back.笑
Small place -- only a few tables, and easy to miss.  Don't.

Had a coffee and the duck carbonara.  One of the best pastas I've ever had -- ingredients fresh, past texture chewy, aroma fragrant.  No salt and pepper on any of the tables.  Not necessary -- the chef knows what he's doing.笑
The first visit i had at Fabarnak was a bust - Friday night, no reservation, they turned me away. This time, again on a Friday, I made a reservation, only to get there and find that we were the only people in the restaurant; what gives? Either way, i'd recommend that you get a reservation on a friday evening.

The food here is so good. 
- My favourite is the small plate hangar steak, marinated to perfection and lightly seared. The complementary pickle and pesto provides the perfect pairing. 
-The bone marrow was a little dry and the red cabbage it came with didnt do it for me. The mushrooms with dressed with a vinaigrette that veered on the sour side.
- Curry and Cauliflower soup of the day was the worst dish actually. It was very bitter and you can taste the excessive bay leaves. The cauliflower is puréed but the soup was not too thick. 
- Braised beef brisket was covered with spices and tho a little on the dry side was very good. Too much finger looking potatoes that didnt taste very good.
- My friend had the square peg and i had a taste of her steak - fantastic

The fresh ingredients, the unique and ever changing menu, plus the phenomenal pricing makes this place a 5-star. This is the perfect place to hang out with a friend or go on a date without breaking your wallet.笑
Great food. Amazingly priced. It is community-based supporting and engaging people that use the 519 community centre. I wish they had food as good as this in the Beaches where I live. My co-workers and I have had many lunch dates here. The staff are amazing and the community centre is an example of what the rest of the world should be like (cohesive and supportive)笑
Awesome brunch spot, especially on Saturdays.笑
Came in for lunch with a friend on a weekday it was pretty busy and unfortunately only one lady was at the front. She was pretty slammed but took our order and filled our glasses with water at the table. Mr.friend tried the haddock (no batter) on a bun and I had a steak sandwich.  One meal all for under $12, comes with full fluffy salad too! 

Another great thing is the restaurant proceeds go back into the community center :)笑
This place is *OK* - it's not the worst place to have brunch, but for what it is I found it over-priced. What they serve is nothing special and when I eat out I prefer to eat things I feel like I couldn't easily make myself. Staff are not the most friendly, but fine. I do like that it's profits support the 519 Community Centre - which makes me more likely to eat there, despite the quality/cost disparity.笑
Went here for dinner and I am so so so happpy I did. Freaking delicious.

I was a little disappointed that they were out of their Square Pegs, but that's okay, I forgave them pretty quickly. I ordered the daily soup, which was a Beet Puree, and the Halibut cheek gnocchi +++++++!

The first sip of the soup made me think "Huh?" because it was not your average soup flavour... but as I sipped some more, I thought "well duh! How else would beet soup taste!" It was very beety, but the goat cheese sprinkled on top was an excellent pairing and enhanced the flavour. I was sorry to see myself finish it because I really started to enjoy it. The halibut cheek.... OHHHH the halibut cheek!!!! I am a huge huge scallop fan, and the texture of the halibut cheeks was very similar to scallops (!!) plus a little more chewy. I was misled because I thought the halibut was served with gnocchi, but I think they meant that the pieces of halibut cheeks were made into "gnocchi". So yums nonetheless.

My date ordered their chowder and beef brisket. Chowder was interesting at first for her as well, but it really grew on her. The beef brisket was soooo tender and stewy, and the portion was very generous. Very hearty meal.

We both ordered the smaller portion for dinner, but it was very fair. The quality of the food is really top-notch, unsuspectingly so given the location/environment. And to top it off, considering the community and people that Fabarnak supports, it most definitely certainly deserves a 5.笑
We were here on a Saturday and evidently, they only serve breakfast/brunch. No lunch menu. 

I had the shrimp and sausage and grits. 
I've had grits all over the Southern US. 
These grits...are nothing like that. 
The grits were chunky and hard- like undercooked corn...and honestly, not super tasty. 
They really shouldn't call it grits...
The flavor of the dish itself was good...but the grits was completely unexpected and not really in a good way. 
The shrimps were tiny...sausage was good though.

Service was great; they were very nice and accommodating. 
I had a soy latte with my meal. 

The portion was kinda small...we were All hungry after our meal and needed to snack after lunch (most of us had the grits. one of us had the frittata).

Overall, OK experience, but disappointingly, nothing like what the other diners obviously experienced.笑
Are you a foodie who also happens to be cheap? (Or "thrifty"?) Well say hello to your new favourite lunch spot; FABARNAK.

I read about Fabarnak on Toronto Life and decided to hit it up for lunch with fellow yelper Jennifer M. 

The restaurant is operated by the 519 Church Street Community Centre and all profits are reinvested back into the community centre itself. Most of their food is locally and sustainably produced. 

The lunch menu is fairly extensive but the real pièce de résistance is the "Square Peg" bento box ($9!!!), which is a bento box filled with four smaller portions of their daily specials..

Today I dined on crispy pigtail w/horseradish aioli, roasted asparagus w/ toscano cheese, mini yukon potatoes w/ basil pesto and rosemary shortbread cookies w/ dolce de leche for lunch. FOR $9!!!!

I've never eaten pigtail but it was served battered and pan-fried like a schnitzel, the meat inside was fatty, tender and succulent with a texture similar to pulled pork. The mini shortbread cookies topped with dolce de leche nearly had me drooling. Portion size was by no means huge but it was certainly the right size for lunch.

The rest of the lunch menu includes salads ($4-$7), soups ($4-$7), daily quiche ($5), variety of sandwiches ($10) and an extensive list of delicious sounding entrees: "deconstructed chowder", "peruvian flank steak" and "white bean pappardelle" to name a few ($10-$12). Good selection of vegan and vegetarian options.

Service was a bit slow when we first arrived, but a few minutes later the entire staff was literally bending over backwards to ensure we were well taken care of and enjoying our food. This is quite commendable considering they don't even pocket their own tips - it all goes back to the community centre. 

The Square Peg and other specials are updated daily on Fabarnak's twitter account (@FABARNAKresto)笑
It seems like if you read most of my reviews about brunch lately they've been 2-3 stars. Why can't anyone gets Eggs Benedict right in this city?!

Service was SO SLOW. 

My pulled pork eggs benny was kinda gross. Don't get me wrong, I still ate it because I was starving but it was a miss on three points: biscuit got too soggy with everything, pulled pork was too watery and vinegary, and the entire dish was served a little colder than room temperature. The traditional breakfast was good and filled the boyfriend. Which for $10 is kinda awesome. I tried the fingerling potatoes and they were yummy, I wish they came with my eggs benny instead of the vinegary salad. 

If you're a fan of apple fritters, get the fried pancake dough. It's very yummy! 

But if anyone is reading this please make sure your food is served hot. Bring back the mushroom miso benny (because that's the only reason I actually wanted to eat here). Do less with the pulled pork benny (it has way too much going on). And maybe schedule a third server for Saturday brunch.

I will be back because I really want to try the square peg.笑
Fabarnak is a precious gem, with its delightful menu selection and cheap prices.

I sampled my sister's square peg, which had pork belly, corn-on-the-cob, green beans, and a blueberry ice cream dessert ($9). Superb! 
For myself, the eggplant quiche with a fresh side salad was refreshing and satisfied my lunch hunger ($9). Next time, I will have to treat myself to a cupcake for dessert.

I'll be raving to all of my friends about the quaint decor and excellent service.

See you soon, Fabarnak!笑
Good but Over-Hyped...
Trying the brunch menu. Arrived late - around 2:45pm. Decor is very casual - almost Cafeteria feel.  Can seat 24 people. Young 20-sh crowd when I visited.  
They already ran out of the Duck Carbonara (have to try next time). Waiter recommended the Pork Benny.  It comes with a side of salad - too much oily.  The eggs benedict is well prepared. Just the right amount of salt. The bacon accentuates the Egg on top of a Cheese scone .  Really good combo.
A complementary piece of cranberry shortcake was provided. Bite gently as I found a few pieces of hard shell-like objects embedded.  
Hot chocolate (small) tasted like it came in a pouch. Low quality.
Overall, it is a good meal - A standard 3 rating.  I will come back and try other things.  Skip the hot chocolate though.笑
As good as it gets, an apt description for this restaurant.  A great deal of thought was clearly put into this restaurant and it shows from the moment you walk in the door.  Decor is sparse but appropriate, the setting is very relaxed and simple, and the wait staff couldn't be more well suited for this type of environment.  The gentleman who seated us and took our order knew the menu extremely well and was very helpful with making our selection.

Fabarnak serves ethical food, yes that's right *I* used a buzzword.  What I mean by this is that all their food is local from the ingredients in the food to the beer and wine served.  This brings me to the menu, like the decor around you the menu is also quite sparse but what is on offer is quite appropriate to the meal time of the day and diverse enough to fit whatever you might be in the mood for.

My wife had the ... well it was a pasta thing and honestly I don't recall its name, but she loved it, so much so I was fairly certain she'd have licked the plate clean if not for the fact that people were around.   I had the fish and chips and have to say, hands down it was the best I've ever had.

Oh, I might add if you have a chance to have their cream covered carrot muffin ... do it!!  Don't ask why, just do it.  You'll thank me, and so will your tongue, stomach and any other part of you still capable of joy. :)笑
Uh, this place is the bomb.  I am so incredibly jealous that there is no place at all like this in Atlanta, GA where I live.  It's basically an ever-changing menu of very interesting modern/American (Canadian?) dishes, with an extremely high level of creativity and absurdly low prices for what you're getting.  The interior takes its cues from the lobby of MOMA (love the green chairs and upside-down pink umbrellas) / Karim Rashid school of colorful minimalism, and the servers seem generally cute (non gender specific), quirky and capable.  If I lived around here I'd be here once a week minimum.  Everything we had was delish, but my favorite thing at the time was the Farmbird (I think) Lollipops.笑
Not that great or anything special.  The price is ok for what you get. I'm not sure if I'd bother coming back.


The restaurant charged us for a bad cup of coffee that they served that we asked to have replaced. That is very unreasonable, we won't be back ever.笑
Great food, great value. They don't seem to be changing the menu as much as before so it gets a little bit boring if you go there often. Also their dinner hours are weird, I believe they are only open Fridays. Twice I went only to be disappointed (how many places don't open for dinner on Saturdays?) Nonetheless, very tasty overall笑
I love this place.  One of the best brunch restaurants in the city and now have had dinner there on several occasions. The food is delicious and the restaurant gives back to the community.  It is a great model for others to emulate in the future.

For brunch, I strongly recommend the pancakes.  The addition of the rosemary whipping cream with them is sublime (and I'm not exaggerating).  

The prices are very reasonable.  We'll be heading there again next week. :)笑
Fabarnak is THE go-to place for a vegetarian lunch in the 'hood. Incredibly tasty and beautifully presented food, served by generous and kind staff. And economical to boot! If you haven't yet, stop for lunch - you'll keep coming back.笑
Fabarnak should be spelled Y-U-M! Tucked into the 519 Community Center, its facade is unassuming (in fact, we walked right past it!). For future reference, it's right in front of the Beer Store. 

The service was a little slow, but they were understaffed with only two servers who also made the drinks. Food more than made up for it though. I had the pulled pork benny - which is GENIUS by the way because if there's something I like more than eggs benedict, it's probably pulled pork sandwiches. My boyfriend had the duck carbonara, which was also really really good. The bone marrow we got on the side for $4 was really not worth it for the price - skip this. If brunch tastes like this, I'm excited to try their dinner. The best part is that they serve primarily locally-sourced food and it benefits the community center. What a way to up your karma count while stuffing your face. 

Note: brunch is only available on Saturdays, so get thee to Fabarnak this coming weekend.笑
Great open airy modern space, Great food, Great time! Good for a date. Check Twitter for the Daily Square Peg Special, and then make sure to go and order it. Portions are not huge, but the taste makes up for it! Good price for a cup of coffee with your lunch as well.笑
After reading the reviews on Yelp I was very excited to try out this restaurant but my experience there left me underwhelmed. 

My friend and I made our way to Fabarnak at around 3:30, and the restaurant was practically empty which I found peculiar.

 I got the pork sandwich which came with a choice of soup or salad and my friend got the steak with tomato bisque. I also opted for the tomato bisque. 

When the bisque came, I was very excited to dig in but was left disappointed-- plainly put, it tasted like lemon juice and not much more. My sandwich was okay, nothing really special however there was a pretty large piece of cartilage in it which was kind of off putting. My friend's steak was also just okay in both mine and her opinion. 

Our meals both came to around $10, which seemed to be a pretty fair price. 

Bottom line, there are better restaurants in the area and I most likely won't be visiting this restaurant again. If you're thinking of going here because of the great reviews and are specifically interested in the tomato bisque, you're better off going to Jack Astor's when tomato bisque is their soup of the day. Although I've not had tomato bisque at restaurants very often, Jack Astor's was definitely superior and the bisque was the main reason for which I dined at this restaurant.笑
I changed my mind about Fabarnak!!

After my last visit to Fabarnak with 2 yelpers and ended up I have a chance to order some real entrees..... (Nice Yelpers were forced to shared theirs with me!)

Sorry, Square Box I no longer love you as much as before.....

Entrees, you are my TRUE LOVE. You are so well prepared and with class and great flavours. You are the REAL DEAL....and a real deal at that price too!!

Now I have to come back to try the Fabarnak's Brunch Menu (the morning after meal)!笑
I have returned to Fabarnak several times since this review and each visit was more disappointing than the last. Also, the menu is constantly changing, so if you enjoyed a dish in the past, do not expect it to still be available the next time you visit. Today I visited them one last time and I ordered their ricotta gnocchi and I disliked it so much that I put it aside after 3 bites. The texture was unappealing and the flavor unappetizing. I offered my friend some to try and he also could not have more than one bite, and he eats everything! Arghh $12  down the drain.笑
I'll be honest. I am gluten free. They didn't really help me find good options that would be safe for me on their menu. I have tried to eat there a couple of times as I'm a huge supporter of local restaurants. But they turn me away every time.笑
Finally was able to get over to Fabarnak today with a couple of coworkers. Great food and space. I had the Chicken with cornbread--very nice.  My coworker had a wonderful glutton-free mac and cheese, and another coworker had a daily bento box style meal.

Add to the great tasting food the fact that it is mostly local-sourced, and the goal of the restaurant to train people into the workforce, it is a real winner of a place.

Bit noisy at lunch at the long table, so pick a small side table if you can.笑
Fabarnak has a very cool and casual cafe vibe to it inside a community centre.  It has a couple community tables and a few tables for two.  It's quite small and cozy.  I had the french toast and it was unbelievable!  I also had a side of bacon and it was probably the best bacon I've ever had.  I would definitely come back.笑
Pretty well-hidden place, with no large sign or anything... but with 59 reviews and counting, I guess it was really just me.

Came here on a Saturday with my wife for the brunch. Interesting brunch menu, as it seems more 'lunchy' (I'm trademarking that word). I had the risotto and my wife had the duck carbonera (not really 'brunch' food by any sense of the word.

Both were very well cooked. Good texture on the risotto, and the carbonera was very flavourful. They also gave us some cranberry biscottis as a starter, which I think were baked in house, and were pretty good. Got a watermelon ice while waiting to pay at the cash register. Tastes great, and the portion is decent for two bucks. Nice refreshing treat on a hot day, and a good switch from the froyo places that are all over nowadays.

Service was fast. The place itself is has a very simple design, but it's pretty effective. If it were possible (and it probably isn't) a larger patio area would be nice. Some other reviews were mentioning that they employ people from the community center, which seems like a very nice gesture as well.

All in all, strong buy, and am looking forward to trying their dinner menu.笑
I would give more stars if I could. This place is crazy good. Their food is incredible and soooo cheap. I love going to brunch here on Saturdays.笑
Still a fan, but not a fan of waiting :(

We waited 30 mins for our food after ordering, so much for a quick lunch place. It would be nice to pick up the pace so that we can come here for a quick bite to eat before returning to the grind. 

Opted out of the Square Peg yesterday. It was Salad with Polenta something, steak and mushroom and a maple donut. Instead, we got sammiches ($10 with soup!) and I got the pork shoulder. 

Pork shoulder was DELICIOUS. Had a spicy beans on the side, and was on top of greens and some cheesy scone.  ($12 for some, as opposed to $14 for some more) was more than enough. 

The beef brisket sammich was tasty too. I could do without the bread - there is a meal version of this too. 

I still love the atmosphere here and a great place to catch up, if only we had more time!笑
Fabarnak is on the ground floor of The 519 Church Street Community Centre, a meeting spot for the LGBT community. It's a modest space, about the size of a garage, and is fitted with a long communal table in the centre of the space. In the summer the front windows open up to a little patio that faces Church street.

Cutting to the chase: my food was excellent. I had a watermelon gazpacho to start, which was perfect on the broiling hot day I visited. It was cool and tangy and bright pink. All pluses. I tried to order a pork sandwich but couldn't get it on whole wheat bread for some reason, only ciabatta which I hate. (Weird.) So I opted for a fried chicken sandwich, which came with fennel and I believe roasted red peppers. I enjoyed it. 

I can't help but feel that I missed out by not getting the Square Peg, but all-in-all it was a great meal and at a pretty reasonable price. I shall try return.

Obligatory Title Pun: This place has got the NAK.

Menu Readability: Now THAT'S a menu. Bright colours, clean design!

Need to mention: Yelpers can't seem to get enough of this place. I was having lunch with a yelper when two others walked in. Sheesh!

What this place teaches me about myself: I need to be more insistent with my bread preferences.笑
Walked past it many times; glad I finally made it in.
Restaurant helps train individuals and offers very good food!
Jerk chicken sandwich and soup; tasty.  Excellent baked goods.
Will return.  Prices very fair.笑
Went past it a couple of times with friends but when you find it it's like the pot of gold underneath the rainbow.

The beef brisket sandwich was AMAZING ! The service wasn't far behind either. First time and definitely will be back.笑
My husband and I were very excited to visit Fabarnak for brunch after reading all the rave reviews.  I ordered the Shrimp and Sausage grits and he ordered the Full Monty.  Unfortunately, it seems that the kitchen had run out of ingredients, but didn't bother to tell us.  The food arrived -- the grits were not very 'grits-like' but more resembled corn kernels in sauce.  This wasn't as unusual as the fact that there were no shrimp, two half-slices of sausage, no greens, and no shaved toscana, all of which was promised on the menu page.  The Full Monty was supposed to come with potatoes -- there were none.  There were a few clementine slices, mixed with refrigerated cubes of watermelon and cantaloupe that seemed a little past their due date.  Not impressed at all.笑
It is so easy to walk by Fabarnak without realizing you're passing by one of the best brunch spots in Toronto. Actually, AWESOME is the word I'm looking for.

What's not to love about eggs benedicts? I love them even more on pulled pork! I've never had this combination anywhere else, and I'm in love. I don't think I'll have my egg bennies any other way now. 

Service was just as awesome as the food. The place is small, so only two of the staff were shuttling about and surprisingly, my cup was always filled. Wait for the food wasn't too long - we were munching on complimentary scones from the kitchen anyways. 

They were sold out on the buttermilk chicken and the peg box when I visited, but I'm 100% sure I'll be back to try them out!笑
A little bit tucked away but worth seeking out, Fabarnak never fails to disappoint. The menu changes regularly, and there are many inspired choices, deftly executed, for *ridiculously* low prices. There is really no reason not to like this place, the decor is refreshing, windows on three sides give a great airy feel, and the casual vibe makes it easy to drop in anytime.笑
One of the best lunch spots in the area. Local produce with a subtly upscale slant. The square peg (a meal served in what looks like a bento box or cafeteria tray) had 4 well thought out food options, was fun to eat and was reasonably priced given the quality. The options change constantly! Look up the hours as they can be weird and check it out! You won't be disappointed.笑
I came here around afternoon to pick up three Square Pegs to go.
I can't say much, since it's all already been said. Refer to other Yelpers. They do not lie and the rumours are true.

Also came for dinner, with a few friends, for my birthday.
Fabarnak rotates their menu (fairly) often, so it's always nice to have a fresh list of choices...and not get stuck in a rut. Luckily, too, all the choices are always delicious and wonderful.

THEY ALSO CHANGE THE UMBRELLAS! YES! I NOTICE THE UMBRELLAS!

I'm not a foodie...but if I were, I'd be able to describe this place with mouth-watering succulent detail. As such, I can just urge you to come here yourself and experience the mouth-water with your own eyes...er, mouth.

PS, service is a bit slow. The wait is worth it.笑
On a cold, frigid day, it's wonderful to have a restaurant like Fabarnak near by.  A place that you can walk and grab a tasty brunch.

My favorite, the Shrimps and grits, was as delicious as ever.  The spiciness of the sauce helped to drive the  (-21 ºC) cold winter chill away plus this dish always arrives hot.

Today, I decided to go all out and treat myself with pancakes as well.  The yeast-leavened pancakes were fluffy and perfectly cooked.  The rosemary whipped cream complimented the sweetness from the syrup, already drizzled over the pancakes, nicely.  And the peameal bacon was scrumptious!

If you are indecisive about sweet or savory, I highly recommend Shrimps and Grits + Pancakes together.  Life is short, eat now and pay for it at the gym later!

Oh ... if only they served an out-of-this-world Southern Fried Chicken and Waffles (and good strong coffee), weekend brunch would be much less complicated and completely satisfying for me (and many others, I'm sure).笑
Wow!  What a surprise and an amazing experience!  Tucked away in a community center is my favorite restaurant since moving to Toronto. 

Not a place for a lot of atmosphere, but they've done a nice job with what is clearly a community center level of budget.  The staff was amazing - super helpful and quick. 

Tried the fore gras terrine (served on truffle shortbread-genius!), the tomato soup (spicy with cinnamon notes - very unusual and tasty), the beef brisket (beautifully prepared), and a couple of desserts, which were exceptional. 

And, in the end - $50 for three courses and two glasses of wine!  Amazing value!笑
Well after my first experience here was not the Best, I certainly wanted to give it another try....I met my friend James here for lunch today.........and oh my it was worth the wait ! 

The food was fantastic. I had the cheese sandwich and James had the pork, we both had the chowder......well the soup was wonderful and the portion size was just perfect for lunch.
 
My sandwich was great - didn't realize it was going to be a hot sandwich - grilled cheese, so when the warm sandwich with homemade ketchup arrived it was a pleasant surprise, and not enough ketchup.....but it  was just wonderful !  

James loved his sandwich with the exception of the sunny side up egg on top...he didn't know it would arrive like that. 

The specials and the square peg that were described for the day sounded just incredible.......

$30 + $5 tip was a pretty good deal for lunch.

I do have to mention that the service was very slow...out of 10 - service was around a 4. After we received our meal, he was not attentive at all......don't think that will stop me from returning as I'm sure I will be back !笑
Dear Fabarnak,

What can I say? You're just... fab.

Love,

Tammy笑
I had been meaning to try this place for over a year, but I tend to eat out mainly for dinner, and Fabarnak has irregular dinner hours. However, I saw recently on the website they were offering Friday night dinner from 5:30-8:30 so I found my chance.
I wasn't disappointed.
My companion and I were the first people there, which was a good thing as there was a line up by the time we left. We ordered the "pig tail" appetizer, the braised beef short rib with mushroom dish, the pork meatball sandwich, and for dessert had a saskatoon berry pie and a chocolate cake with salted caramel buttercreme.  
The pig tail appetizer was outstanding, tender and tasty. The pork sandwich was also delicious, if a little bit messy. But the beef dish stole the evening, it was so tender and flavourful that we had to try not to lick the dish clean.
Unfortunately, while the desserts were good, they were not 'outstanding' like the rest of the meal.
Overall, the food was unique, very tasty, of high quality and very reasonably priced. Without drinks we paid 45$ for an appetizer, 2 mains and 2 desserts. 
I will be going back. Very soon.笑
The food is as good as it gets in a chill cafeteria-like atmosphere.  I come here when I'm in the neighborhood and am never disappointed.  Ive been underwhelmed by the brunch but I think that's likely because the regular dinner/lunch food is so unbelievably good.  the sandwich with slaw is unbelievable.笑
I decided to drop by for lunch since I was in the area and I wanted to see for myself if Fabarnak lived up to all the rave reviews.

I ordered the famous square peg ($10 lunch/$15 dinner), it had four compartments like a bento box. 

First part was a salad with pig's ear, the pig ear was perfectly made, so flavourful.
Second part was hash vegetables, fresh, well made and delicious.
Third part was a lightly battered cod tongue, done to perfection, perfect amount of batter, not oily at all and the fish inside was cooked to perfection.
The last part had a chocolate espresso cake with vanilla ice cream on top which was only okay.

I definitely have to go back and try other dishes on the menu. From what I have tried so far, the place makes fresh, simple food that is so well executed. One thing that also really stands out is your getting amazing value for your money, for the quality of food your receiving.

Fabarnak is a small simple place with service that is not great but not bad either. 

Overall, I would have to give it a 4.5 rating.笑
I dropped in to much lauded Fabarnak for lunch, before catching a show.

+Boston lettuce with goat's feta, red onions and peppers
+Smoked trout, pickled fennel on toast
+Mini squab sheppard's pie
+Banana pudding

The food was fabulous, the service was excellent. I had a fruit juice which was great. At 10 dollars this place was an absolute steal. Keep in mind this place appears to be very busy, a number of people I saw coming in didn't have a place to sit. The restaurant is also very small. 

This place was great, loved it.笑
Tucked away in plain sight in the community centre on Church, Fabarnak was a great discovery! It sports floor-to-ceiling windows that let in loads of light and are good for people-watching. The decor is clean and modern and the small, open space has a social, easygoing feel to it.

Fabarnak has two big hooks to its presentation - firstly, that its employment model is directly geared toward helping members of the local community find work and training, and secondly that as much of its food as possible is locally sourced. And what food! The menu offers a compact array, though diverse in flavour, of soups, sandwiches, salads, a bento box type sampler plate, and some heartier mains like chicken, risotto and roast meats. 

I ordered the pork shoulder, while my girlfriend had the green pea risotto. My dish was a sizable and attractive piece of pork, crackly and black around the edges with an even gold-brown crust, served on a portion of mixed beans in maple glaze with two soft little buttermilk biscuits on the side. It was delicious! The pork was lightly charred on the outside and positively melt-in-your-mouth and flavourfully meaty on the inside. The beans were just sweet enough to balance against the smoky pork. Yum.

My sampled bite of the risotto was not like most that I've eaten before - it was served with a texture almost like a puree, and came with a dollop of pureed carrot and some lightly anise-flavoured baby greens - but the snappy and bright flavour of green peas was absolutely refreshing and appropriate for a hot summer lunch.

It's also of note that the prices, for food this impressive, were very reasonable - the priciest items on the menu, full mains like the pork shoulder I had, are only around $14, and I felt like there was enough food there to leave satisfied.

If I had any minor quibbles, they would be as follows - the coffee was not great, and I would have enjoyed a cold beer but they don't offer alcohol. But these issues were certainly not enough to deter me from being really pleased by my stop at Fabarnak!笑
Amazing food. Ask them what people come there to eat the most and you will be pleasantly surprised.