If you only want some drinks before the game, then come here. If you want something to eat, go somewhere else. We waited 45 minutes before we walked out. When we told the bartender we couldn't wait, you could tell this happened all the time. He didn't even put up a fight. I would only come here for drinks, but then why not get drinks where you can eat too? So I will never be back.Ǿ
They had a great grand opening on opening day. Located in the Del Monte building, next to Jerome Bettis' Grill 36 on North Shore Drive.

This is the sports bar Pittsburgh needed on the North Shore, giant sized sandwiches, great beer specials and did I mention Giant sized sandwiches? My IPA partner and good friend, Ross, ordered the Pot Roast Burger. A burger, thick sliced cheddar, then layered with succulent slow cooked brisket, onion straws and a demi glaze drizzle. I had a Panko crusted portobello mushroom cap, with  fresh sauteed spinach, herbed cream cheese and creamy horseradish sauce. Ross almost ordered the "Squealer" a burger, yep, you guessed it, with cheddar, pulled pork, BBQ sauce and bacon! Call your cardiologist!!!  Other sandwiches all look amazing with names like: The Rise and Shine Burger  (American Cheese, potato pancake, fried egg and bacon), the Popeye Burger (Spinach, red onion, goat cheese, and warm bacon dressing), The Wise Guy Burger (hot peppers, Sauteed onion, Marinara sauce, and fried Mozzerella Cheese). All  sandwiches are priced at 8.99 or 9.99 and come with your choice of onion straws, tater tots or curley fries. Speciality Burgers are 10.99 and come with the same sides.

There are so many more sandwiches and other menu items, I can't write about them all. The menu does include steaks, entre salads, soups and sides and desserts.

There is also a cigar bar for those of you who enjoy a good stogie after dinner. Full bar available as well.

In a city with a ton of sports bars, it's finally good to see one that takes pride in the food. Did I mention the great sandwiches here?Ǿ
I was surprised at how slow this place was on a Friday night before a concert. I liked the pierogi, my pulled pork sandwich, and the brownie sundae I shared with Darren, though. The service was good, and the place was clean. I think their fries are frozen, but oh well.Ǿ
I went here on a sunday funday to get some drinks and food but was sadly disappointed.  We stopped at a couple other places but their outsides patios were packed so we decided on this spot. 

We walked in through the back and saw a lot of open tables outside that haven't been cleared so we walked to the front to find a hostess.  She was friendly but sat us at a dirty table.  She cleaned it off fairly quickly and thats where our service ends. 

The restaurant didn't have drinks menu but they " can make anything". hmmmm ok, no pittsburgh theme bevs? It took us about 10 minute to get waters and about 25 minutes to get our drinks. Once we got our drinks we noticed they were made with brown mint. meh. The server was apologetic but all over the place. Took us another 20 min to get our tab.  

I am normally a bit forgiving because i used to work in the biz but this place just missed the mark.  I know they just opened so maybe they are just getting the kinks out? 

I have to say this a horrible name for a place... come on guys, this is the only name you could think of? I get its a cheesy pgh themed restaurant but...I am still not letting it slide.Ǿ
Went here on a concert night, & they only had 1 bartender only had yuengling on draft, granted they have about 40 drafts. Every other restaurant on the north shore that early evening had at least 3 bartenders.Ǿ
We stopped in for a bite to eat before a game.  They immediately sat us, which was nice because there were 6 of us and got us drinks in an almost timely fashion.  I only had a side salad because I had just had breakfast, but my fiancee had a sandwich and fries.  His take was that it was just OK.  Even though I ordered a side salad for my lunch they brought it out as if it were an appetizer.  15 minutes later everyone else was served.  

Despite this oversight, everyone seemed to enjoy their meals and they had us in and out in a reasonable amount of time, so they are OK in my book.Ǿ
Kay and I finally dropped by PG&SB prior to catching Trivium and Devildriver at Stage AE recently, the eatery/watering hole's proximity to the concert venue proving invaluable. 

In reading some of the previous reviews, I've noticed a heap of scorn being hurled at the service. In all honesty, we had zero issues with the hospitality. Our waiter, whose name escapes me, was friendly and adept. PG&SB was surprisingly barren on a Friday evening, something that put the young, tattooed, light-footed garcon at ease. I'm sure he deserved an easy night for a change. "It's been crazy lately with the big rubber duck and the Pirates. Whew. I'm glad it's a little slow," He said. 

Regarding cleanliness, the restaurant was immaculate from what I could tell. I noticed no foul smells, dirty tables, dingy silverware, or spotty glasses. 

Why am I only giving them a 3 out of 5? For starters, I should say that my 3 will be a very high 3, but that rating falls short of a 4 (which is what I wish I could give them) due to a dinner that teetered between the markers of "Bravo!" and "Blah" too often.

Once again, I came very close to ordering a burger as I do much too often in restaurants such as these, but deciding to halt that compulsion in its tracks, I rolled the bones and went with a Pittsburgh Steak Sandwich. The shaved ribeye, grilled peppers and onions, and a wad of melted provolone in a mushy, perfect Portugeuse-ish submarine roll was as enjoyable a Philly "wit" as any I could possibly devour in Steeltown. The meat was generous, the cheese was oozy, the vegetables were properly caramelized, stooping sidewalk pleasures were had. I almost wanted to stand up and eat it over a counter. 

Those accompanying french fries, however, were quite obviously frozen, something that need not have been. And no, they were not in the sandwich, nor was coleslaw present.  Are ya kiddin' me? Cut up some taters, and twice-fry 'em, guys!  If I can do it...hell, if teenagers working at Kennywood for the summer can...

Redundancy be damned, Kay and I shared some pierogi for an appetizer. Plump and delicate, they invoked gently boiled ravioli or gnocchi with their garlic butter, sauteed peppers and onions, and Parmesan. Only some marinara sauce was missing, but we made do with that which never fails to tempt tongues and soothe heat: sour cream. Again, writing candidly (as always, despite what my detractors say), PG&SB's pierogi were outstanding and rank among the very best I've ever feasted (beasted?) on. 

The Homemade Brownie a la Mode, another obsession of mine, was our shared dessert by default, and wasn't much more than what its title indicates. There were blobs of vanilla ice cream and ribbons of hot fudge involved. It seemed thrown together. The plating was unimaginative, and the brownie itself lacked the fudgy, just-baked oomph I anticipate when I order such a thing. I've heard better renditions of this song, and they've been many. 

Damn. Here I am, still weighing my grade. 

Look, omitting dessert and those factory fries, PG&SB would garner a 4 from my keystrokes without any nail-biting , but with a run-of-the-mill menu of bar food at hand, this place needs everything to be stellar, and our meal didn't reach enough of those gastronomic highs for me (see Sidelines in Millvale for what typical pub munchies can and should be).  In other words, FRESH fries and brownies that murder with decadence need to happen here. Homemade ice cream and hot fudge wouldn't hurt either. Those pierogi and that cheesesteak can most certainly stay.Ǿ
This place is a great addition to the North Shore the food is excellent, i would highly recommend the pot roast burger. The main bar is huge with plenty of TV's to catch all the games. And the cigar bar is a the only indoor place you can smoke on the north shore.Ǿ
DO NOT, I repeat DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME GOING HERE!!!

I have never had such a horrible experience in a restaurant in my life. I worked at restaurants for many years. I get it, you get busy once in a while. This place is one of the restaurants that won't make it a year. It's a shame, with the awesome location and plethora of TVs I really was excited to try it out. 

We went to Pittsburgh Grill and Sports Bar against my friends suggestion to stay away as the food wasn't great. I like to try out new places, especially on the North Side, so I was happy to stumble in here before a concert on a Tuesday night, despite what he may have said. Bettis Grill had a wait, this place did not. Score!

We walk in and an employee asks us if we are going to the bar. "Sure, we'll grab a bite at the bar." We followed her back where she didn't really seat us, just kind of left. We sat down at one of the tables around the bar area. I noticed the bar was starting to fill up rather quickly and I could only see one employee in site. So, to make it in time for the concert we quickly relocated to the bar. 

Upon sitting down we decided to order everything at once. We sat at the bar for literally 30 minutes while the bartender served some people around us and walked by others. He didn't even offer us a drink or just simply say "I am sorry I am so busy I'll get to you when I can." I worked in a restaurant for many years. I understand these situations come up in restaurant but at least addressing the customers would help your cause. 

I really think there were 2 people working at this entire restaurant that night. No use in trying it out, go to the other restaurants nearby.

I can't stop wondering what they are going to do with all of those TV's when they go out of business?Ǿ
The food is poor but it is a bar basically so I can deal with that.  What I can't deal with is a sports bar that doesn't show sports on their tv's.  One tv showed nothing, another group of them showed Commercials for acne medication.  The also don't have NFL Sunday ticket!!!!????  What cheap excuse for a sports bar doesn't have Sunday ticket?  In a football town.  Never again.Ǿ
Ugh. 

That's how I feel about this place. I mean, that's kinda how I feel about the North Shore restaurant options right now. The Tilted Kilt? No thanks. Now Pittsburgh Grill. Ugh. 

I walked through the back end of the restaurant, through the patio, to join my friends for dinner before a show at Stage AE. I went through the whole restaurant three times trying to find them. I finally found them in the front Cigar Bar because they said that was the only available open area (sorry, but so gross smelling). The hostess had told them the wait would be 20 minutes. Um, hold up here... something's fishy.

So I ask the server if that's for real. She said, yes, it's a 20 minutes wait. But here's the thing. The bar was packed in the back, but the tables... I'm going to guess they were probably 1/3 full with guests, the rest were completely empty. In my complete and utter shock I blurted out "but there's hardly anyone sitting at the tables!" And she simply responded, "they're all dirty." CLEARLY, they were not all dirty. I have eyes. I saw no dirty tables. 

I know I repeat this til I"m blue in the face, but I've been a hostess and server. Just tell me the truth. My guess is that they were understaffed. Why they were understaffed could obviously be a couple different reasons. Bad planning or people calling off. There's a sold out concert across the street though, schedule accordingly. 

Anyway, maybe, just maybe things could get better if the food was good. Not so much. I ordered a portobello burger and sweet potato fries. The portobello was smothered in mozz cheese and was pretty bland. The sweet potato fries were the saving grace. They were good. 

I feel like I'm almost forced to come to these places until something better opens up. For me, my go to is always Jerome Bettis. It's just always solid for me. Rivertowne isn't too bad either. Just heed my warning and head there instead!Ǿ
Good cheeseburgers and nice draft selection. Lots of huge flat screens. Nice location near the Doubletree.Ǿ
After  a concert at Stage AE my boyfriend and I needed a place to rest our aching feet.  We sauntered across the road to The Pittsburgh Grille.  I think the decor is very nice and the bar has several interesting and colorful sports mural adoring the hallway walls.  It appears that they have every inch of wall space in the bar area and dining area covered in flat screen tvs.  It would be over kill any where else but since this location is right next to the stadium I can respect the concept.  I was impressed that this place has a cigar bar, that's something I haven't seen since I was on a cruise.  I like that I think it adds a touch of class. This restaurant is plush and comfortable. 

We only stayed for one drink although I would have liked to have a few more.  There was patron in there screaming obscenities at a hookey game. That the Penn's weren't even playing in...  She was the only one yelling and at the top of her lungs too. While the rest of the bar was trying to have a good time.  One other thing I didn't care for is that the bar tender was too busy flirting to even notice that our glasses were left empty for over 5 minutes. Mind you there were only about 6 people in the room. I understand tips must be made, but not at the expenses of other customers receiving good service.Ǿ
Decent food, nice atmosphere and good service. This was my experience at Pittsburgh Grill and Sports Bar when 4 of us stopped by after the last Steeler's game. We had originally intended to go to the Bettis 36 Grill and grab some food to wait out the traffi but, there was a line out the door. So, we kept walking and decided to try the Pittsburgh Grill and Sports Bar instead. When we arrvied, the place was fairly full of football fans but we were able to get a table right away. Our waiteress was quick to get us some hot drinks since it was freezing outside. We were able to watch the rest of the games on the multiple tvs in the dining room. I ordered a bowl of the chicken tortilla soup and tried my husband's quesadilla. The quesadilla was pretty average. It came with a small amount of corn and bean salsa. I would have preferred a side of guac. However, my chicken tortilla soup was fantastic. Just what I needed to warm up on a cold December day. I would argue that the soup was homemade which is quite unusual for a sports bar. The flavors were spot on and the chicken was in shredded chunks, not the unifromed cut up pieces you tend to see in this type of restaurant. My only criticism is that I wish there was more of it. The bowl was fairly small. Another interesting aspect of this bar is the cigar lounge. If you're a smoker or a cigar fan then you's probably enjoy this aspect. I did not. The smoke wafted out of the lounge and down the hall into the bathrooms! Luckily, the dining room was far enough away that I wasn't bothered while I ate. However, I smelled like a cigarette factory after a quick trip to the bathroom. Better ventilation is definatey neeed. I was also quite surprised by the bathroom attendants. This does not seem like the type of place to have an attendant. Overall, a good place to grab a meal before or after the game, just avoid the cigar lounge if you are not a smoker.Ǿ
Excellent specials, including the Pirate Punch a with cranberry and pineapple flavor and $4 beer. The perogis, pulled pork potato skins and cinnamon sticks were all excellent and I'd try them all again. The frosting with the cinnamon sticks is so good you could eat it with a spoon. 

This place was on its way to an excellent review...then the waitress disappeared. For over 30 mins we waited and waited until I had to walk over to the bar and inform them the waitress was AWOL. A few minutes later she comes over and without explanation or apology and acted as though she wasn't MIA. The manager later came over and apologized, and offered us nothing for having to go through this ordeal.

I'd go here again but word of advice, bring a signal flare in case you are abandoned. If the service doesn't improve this place won't be open for long.Ǿ
I stopped here because it was less crazy than the Tilted Kilt (plus we have one of those in Charlotte...so I already know what the Kilt is all about).

Atmosphere- Large sports bar, numerous televisions, cigar bar (near front entrance), large windows that open in the summer to face the patio for outdoor-seating.  On this night, the entire place was kind of empty.

Service - The staff here is friendly and communicative (even spent some time with me chatting about Charlotte).  Bartender was in shutdown mode while the wait staff stopped by more frequently to check on me.  It was understandable, with only five people in the place, including me, I would want to leave too. 

Food - Despite being disappointed that a place called the Pittsburgh Grill does not have any Pittsburgh specific menu items (at least from what I could tell), the A1 burger (see pic) I ordered was very tasty.  However, the side of tots were a little dry.  The beers here were cheap w/ $3 Labatt's keeping me happy on this Saturday night.   

Overall - A satisfactory experience here.  I would give Pittsburgh Grill and Sports Bar another try on a different night...maybe when the place is more lively...though it is unfortunate that the overall menu was just okay.Ǿ
I guess this place is fine for a Sports Bar between two sports venues. It has the requisite million TVs and big bar. 

I was unimpressed by the food.  Burgers, fries, onion rings - very typical.  It was OK, but nothing for which to go out of your way.  There are other foods in the world besides burgers and Pittsburgh has a million places to buy burgers, can we please use some imagination?  Pirmantis, for example, is at least something non-typical and different, if not especially healthy.

If you are going to open a place with Pittsbugh in the name, how about some Pittsburgh style food, such as Pieroghis or hot sausage or salads with French Fries in them?  Or at least something just a bit different?

OK, rant over.  We had a novice server who was very eager to please.  No problem there.  They had a small kids menu.Ǿ
I wish I had zero stars to give this embarrassment of a restaurant. We were seated for atleast 30 minutes while waiters stared and walked past us like we didn't exist. No one took our drink orders not even offered us appetizers. The menu we were given were all ripping apart and everything just looked a mess. Went up to the manager to let him know and he sent over the most incompetent waiter I have ever met.  No apologies for our embarrassing 30 minutes wait. All he had to say was "I am here now. So you want to order" Are you kidding? We left as soon we heard that. Please for your own sake,  don't bother even going here.  Just useless and a waste of time.