Amazing dining experience. Food was great but the service was what made my evening spectacular. Might just become a regular here,,,笑
Great food, excellent service and interesting people watching.笑
I came here for Summerlicious dinner with low expectations due to prior reviews and also because it was Summerlicious, but I wanted to give the place a chance. I love how I can make a reservation on open table even during Summerlicious unlike places like Canoe. 

We were politely greeted and seated, and attended to pretty quickly. Compared to Canoe, I think the service was much better here, I was at Canoe for Winterlicious for dinner as well, and had to wait for our RESERVED table for about 15mins, and the food in general took a while to come. Also, considering that this place is supposed to be a "Cafe" and hence more casual, I was surprised at the level of detail, it definitely felt more formal than a Cafe type restaurant service.

The food was great taste and presentation wise. There was a nice selection of bread served with butter with salt on top. 

For starters my husband and I both had the Seared Digby Scallop with sweet corn succotash, avocado mousse. The scallops were perfectly cooked, nice and crispy on the outside and not rubbery. The avocado mousse actually tasted strongly of avocado, usually mousses have a diluted tasted. The corn succotash was refreshing and has a salsa like quality, the dish tasted like it was mexican influenced.

For the main we had Mediterranean Daurade in a Boulliabaisse sauce, rouille crouton and Roasted Cumbrae Beef with tuscan potatoes, salsa verde, broccoli rabe, calabrian chili. Both were nicely presented and the beef was perfectly cooked to a nice medium rare -medium which is what I like for roast beef.  The bouillabaisse was very favorful, and complemented the fish well.

For dessert we had the Tonka Bean Sundae with candied pecans, maple caramel, chocolate brownie, tonka bean chantilly and the Chocolate Tarte served with cocoa nibs, praline, chocolate mousse, limoncello sorbet. The tonka bean ice cream was creamy and not too sweet and had a nice tonka bean flavor which taste like a fruity vanilla if that makes sense. The accompanying candied pecans really gave it texture, overall it was yummy. The chocolate tarte was INTENSELY chocolaty, if you are a dark chocolate lover, you will love this, I like it and was satisfied after a few bites. Again, I love that it was not took sweet and was well balanced.

Overall, I had a nice experience here, I will definitely return, the prices on the a la carte menu is slightly pricier than a normal restaurant, but I don't think it is exorbitant, entrees are about $25-$35 which is pretty reasonable in my opinion for the quality of food and level of presentation and service provided and the location.笑
3.5 stars. 

It's good french cuisine. The ambience is nice. The interior is modern yet comfortable. The service is memorable. The food is modern with classic influence. The only place where Boolud falls short is actually in flavour. Presentation wise, it's beautiful. Prep wise, you can see the perfect cuts. But something about Boulud still feels like hotel food ironically. Under seasoned, tough meet.... that's what's taking away from it. 


It has all the ingredients to be a memorable addition to area - but just needs to work a little more on the food.笑
I went with my boyfriend for our mini vacation there in four season for a weekend.  He booked the table with our room reservation.  The sitting was late (8:30) and I expected to have better seat (I'm wrong ) my boyfriend is a 6 feet tall big guy but  they sat a us in the tidy table.  With the bottle of wine and a large Seafood tower We order I thought they will offer to change the table.  (I was wrong again)  the seafood tower was great. We ordered a duck course as main to share but they didn't not help us to divide it.  I wouldn't expect these service if we are out at a neigbourhood restaurant, but I would expect better service in a restaurant in the Four seasons hotel.笑
The food is excellent the furniture is not. The individual chairs are uncomfortable and strange looking, as if one found them in a garage sale. Part of a restaurant's charm is the furnishings. This one does not cut it. The breakfasts are perfect. The service is perfect as it should be. I have not tried lunch or dinner yet.笑
The summerlicous lunch was good! My friend and I tried the salmon appetizer, the escargot wtih puff pastry, the fish main, and the chicken main. I also really liked the chocolate with raspberries.笑
Went there for Sunday brunch. Elegant decor plus super friendly staff. Every staff members would smile and greet you when you pass by. Food was made of fresh ingredients and are tasty. I would give five stars if the food is truly delicious up to its price level.笑
Nice atmosphere. 
Food: Overall, food was average. Coffee was average - very bitter. Berry tartine- the sheep cheese was nice, but would have preferred it on a nuttier bread. Lemon ricotta hot cakes - they were mediocre; actually, they were pretty disappointing. Definitely wouldn't order them again. They were thin almost like Scottish tatties and without a lemony zest that I was looking forward to. The spiced cherry on the side was far too sour and way too watery. Dont dump all of it on your hot cakes like I did. 
I also don't understand why they leave the orange juice out without a lid and not on ice. Who likes warm OJ?? 
Service: average. Empty packets of sugar were left on the condiment tray.笑
Reserved dinner for Winterlicious.

Service:
- Excellent throughout. Although we were dressed casually in jeans and considering the area, we were treated with hospitality and no pretension. From the maitre d to our servers, the staff were attentive and courteous. Our main server refilled our water often.

The food itself was delicious, but to me it's not worth $45 even with the Winterlicious deal. 

Apps:
- Loved the seared ahi tuna salad with grapefruit and mayo (tastes like kewpie).
- Bf didn't love the dahl as much but I thought the spices and flavor were spot on.

Mains:
- The mackarel was grilled to perfection, melt in your mouth, tasted fresh and was a generous portion. The accompanying quinoa or some other grains (Iforget) was just ok.
- Bf liked the lamb, and he doesn't eat lamb. It was cooked perfectly, and the gamey-ness wasn't too strong. The portion, however, could have been bigger and a better cut (he didn't like the chewy, tendon bits). It came with potato gratin and gravy, which were tasty.

Desserts:
- The 3 choices were all similar, sundaes and a cake. I wanted to get the cake, but bf is allergic to nuts. We got the 2 sundaes, coffee and peach. They were good, but I expected to be wow'd considering the place and how it's a french restaurant, and I wasn't. I did enjoy the mint and cardamom infused creme fraiche.

Drinks:
We had the cheapest sparkling wine each and are by no means wine gurus. Admittedly, $15 per glass is robbery, but it did the trick and gave a nice buzz.

If I had the money to spare, I would like to go back and try the crispy duck egg.

Venue:
- We were seated in a semi-private area, with chairs similar to the one I have at work lol. I don't know how I feel about the frosted glass table. I really LOVED the art on the walls though! We sat nearby the Bob Marley piece made out of broken shards of vinyl records, which was awesome. Behind me was an Einstein collage saying love is the answer - fitting for Valentines.笑
Had lunch here last week for my birthday. Talk about incredible service, food and overall experience. Once a staff person told us to head upstairs, we were greeted and the hostess took our coats. We were seated immediately. Decor is a classy modern version of a 1960s bistro. Lots of green and brass with banquette seating. Service was excellent. Quick but not rushing, chatty but not intrusive. 
Food was exceptional. Clean, good portions, simply prepared. Cocktails/wine list was lovely. 
Once it came out to the wait staff it was my birthday, they brought a small tray of Madeleine's with a candle alongside our desserts and tea/coffee. Such a nice touch. 
It was a lovely experience and I look forward to going back for a special occasion another time!笑
I had dinner in the Cafe Boulud last week.  It was OK, the menu for Winterlicious was not great at all for $45, the service had hints of condescension, overall was expecting a better effort from them, disappointed.笑
The food was amazing, the lamb shoulder was a bit salty but was very delicious still. 

****I found a strand of hair which wasn't pleasant. However, the service was excellent so I just let it go and didn't make a big deal of it. Three star because of the hair - or else, it would definitely be a 4-5 star experience.笑
This is my second visit to Cafe Boulud.  The first time was opening week - I would rated it at 2 stars as the food was very mediocre and I tasted grit as I crunched into my lettuce for the salad.  This time was much better!  Both times were for lunch.

Service:  9/10 From the reservation to the final coat pick up, the service was attentive, warm and non-imposing.  Our server dropped in on us at a steady pace, and was helpful in explaining top dishes, and ensuring my tea was always re-filled (I almost didn't notice him!).  It was very comfortable.  The food came within 15 mins of ordering.

Food:   8/10:  The food has been getting much better since the last visit.  Styling looks really great.  The bread basket was okay - I always prefer warmed bread (e.g., makes me think it is freshly baked). I had the french onion soup, which I found a little too salty - but it was decomposed and not the traditional french format which made it interesting.  My husband had the Lobster bisque which came with a delicious dumpling.  I like the format as servers poured the soup into a bowl which contained the dumpling with some gastro-froth (don't know what it is).  Also had the Albacore Tuna which was light, refreshing and wonderfully flavoured!!  I ordered the Nova Scotia Halibut which was well put together - the walnut gnocchi was SO TENDER.  The halibut itself was an 9/10, but it was on a bed of chopped spinach which I think would have been better if they kept it in larger leaves and made it less 'rich' tasting. 

Atmosphere:  9/10:  I love the organic but grand atmosphere.  Lots of natural light, comfortable seating.   

Overall a very pleasant visit and I would certainly take more friends and clients to the Cafe Boulud.  I am curious to try the original restaurant in NYC - will write about it when I do in April!笑
When a chef carries with him the heavy weight of fame and 3 Michelin stars, expectations run extremely high.  A new restaurant carrying his good name faces the enormous challenge of living up to the brand.  Partnering with a high end hotel like the Four Seasons can compound the challenges to deliver quality and service on a massive scale.  On this front, Cafe Boulud does its very best to uphold the high standards we come to expect of Boulud's food and of the Four Seasons service.

The restaurant is situated on the second floor atop the trendy d-bar lounge and is decorated with a fun eclectic collection of pop art.  The room is lively, casual and free of stiff pretension.  Service was impeccable, from the welcome, to the waiter, the knowledgeable sommelier, even the bus boy and servers were knowledgeable enough to answer a mildly inquisitive question about one of the dishes (much to my delight and surprise).  I was very late arriving for the reservation and my friend remarked that the staff were exemplary at dissipating his annoyance.  Lucky for me, said friend and I go so far back as to allow me the latitude for him to dismiss my tardiness and chalk it up to stupidity on my part.  :-)

On to the food, Boulud's menu is divided into 4 sections traditional French fare, seasonal, vegetable and world (where the chef experiments more with world flavours and spices).  We over ordered many dishes and shared everything so we were able to sample a vast array from the enticing menu.  

Black Truffle risotto

Roasted Beet Salad
monforte feta, mâche, pingue speck ham, blood orange

Crispy Duck Egg
fricassée of wild mushrooms
duck confit, salsify and celery root

Vadouvan Spiced Quail
avocado chutney, breakfast radish
confit turnip

Nine Herb Agnolotti
tomato marmalade, baby artichokes
parmesan cheese and niçoise olives

Ontario Venison
beer-braised cabbage, cassis poached cranberries
red fife späetzle, spiced jus

Dessert:
Grapefruit Givré
sesame halva, rose loukoum
grapefruit sorbet

Each dish was gorgeously presented and all were as tasty as it was beautiful.  Out of this world good were the Crispy duck egg and the Nine herb Agnolotti.  I salivate as I write this recalling how we sopped up all that yolky jus with the bits of bread leaving nothing but the gleam on the white plate.  

The remarkable grapefruit dessert with the hairy tufts of Turkish delight served exactly as the palate cleanser I needed at the end of such a sumptuous meal.  

Cafe Boulud is exactly the type of restaurant that will do well in our fair city. Fine dining as entertainment is done exactly right at this place.   Give us interesting and superbly presented food, a casual and not too stuffy atmosphere, exemplary service and send us happy diners home with a electrified taste buds, warmly filled tummy and a big helluva smile on our face.笑
Came here for lunch and got the steak frites. 
The food was good. Everyone I went with left with a cleared plate. 

The service was fine. The server wasn't over the top friendly but was patient and delivered everything we needed. 

I give a 3 rating because everything was overall  "good" and middle of the road.笑
We actually stumbled across Cafe Boulud while in the neighborhood looking to celebrate a birthday.  We got more than we ever imagined!  The Steak Au Poivre was absolutely outstanding and cooked to perfection.  The service was very attentive and  helped us make this a day to remember.  If you are looking for a top tier restaurant look no further.笑
We were here for a summerlicious lunch when it was being offered. 

We arrived early and checked out the swanky new four seasons hotel. It's beautiful! 
We were met by enthusiastic greeters waiting to seat us and accommodate my baby stroller.  Our waiter was also very attentive. 

I don't remember what we ordered but the food was excellent! Everything from the appetizer to the dessert was bursting with favour. The ingredients all tasted fresh and in season! Much better than some of the most prestigious restaurants in Toronto. 

The decor was refined yet relaxed. 

This is a highly recommend!笑
Overall - 2.0/5.0

This review is purely based on my experience with the Summerlicious Lunch Menu as well as general service quality.

Appetizers:
* Rillette de Cochon and Tartare de Saumon - The salmon tartar was the better one out of the two but overall nothing highly to note.

Mains:
* Sole Meunière - The seasoning on the fish was not well balanced. Parts were saltier than others. Also the texture of the fish was a bit dry and overall complexity of the dish did not reflect the quality and execution that is expected from an upscale French restaurant. The best part of the dish was the potato cake which was nicely seasoned and smooth on the inside.

* Poulet au Vinaigre D'Estragon - The chicken itself was cooked very nicely but needed more seasoning as the dish was quite bland. The tomatoes and onions did not compliment well with the chicken either.

Desserts:
* Coupe Glacée Framboise Litchi - An absolutely refreshing dessert for those who enjoy the tartness with a bit of sweetness from the lychee. 

* Gâteau au Chocolat - The dark chocolate flavour was quite pronounced which balanced well with the cake. The creme fraiche sorbet also went nicely with the crunchy bits of chocolate. 

Note: One star was deducted due to the fact that we had to wait 30 mins after our reserved time to be seated which was absolutely unacceptable. Also there was an inconsistency with the way the servers brought out the dishes. Some just quickly dropped off the dish and left without any expression given, others would greet you with a smile and take their time to introduce the dish.笑
We had a pretty delicious culinary experience. We tried the pre fix for $95. I was a little nervous about this because I'm pregnant and have a lot of dietary restrictions (i.e. no raw fish, unpasteurized or soft cheeses, under-cooked meat etc.) but the server and the chef were really excellent about adhering to these limitations and also clarifying if there was at all any uncertainty as to what I could have. 

I had a cold salad with steamed lobster, an excellent warm pasta dish with pesto and mushrooms, the potato wrapped sea bass (favorite dish of the night), lamb and a molten chocolate cake at the end of dinner.  Warm made to order madalines for the table with dessert was also an excellent touch. 

Everything was delicious and I left incredibly satisfied and uncomfortably full.

I really have no criticisms. The service was absolutely top notch. The ambiance was spacious, beautiful and comfortable.  I highly recommend this restaurant.

Summary: Delicious culinary experience. I highly recommend the Pre-fix.  If not in the mood for the pre-fix the potato wrapped sea bass was my absolute favorite dish.  Excellent service. Beautiful ambiance.笑
I went to Cafe Boulud for brunch expecting a really nice brunch buffet like the old four seasons with friendly service and familiar faces.  Instead this was my experience...

I first got there with my husband and asked to simply walk in for a tour as we had never been there before.  The hostess said we were not allowed in if we werent staying and said we can look from outside the door. (oooooooooook).  We were there already so we decided to stay.  We asked for a table of 2.  FYI it was empty but the hostess decided it would take 15 minutes for her to find a table for us because there were reservations at 12 and there was nothing available.  It was 10:30am.  I explained to her we would be done by 12pm.  Finally she let us in.  I don't think they should be rejecting anyone at this stage...i mean its a ghost town in there.

we were seated.  There is no brunch buffet...it's all a la cart which is fine although I prefer the bufffet.  

I ordered blueberry french toast which we shared as well as eggs with potatos.  The food was fine but it is breakfast so i would hope that it's hard to screw up eggs and toast.  There were not very many options though considered it's a brunch menu.

Overall the vibe is dull.  The old Four Seasons had more spirit!  Maybe the new staff are just getting comfortable but they are coming across as clueless, rude and cold.  It does not have the same happy vibe as the old four seasons.  I don't think i"ll be going regularly but I'm glad I gave it a try!笑
What to say about Cafe Boulud?
-located in the beautiful new Four Seasons hotel in Yorkville. 
- nice ambiance 
- music encourages hearing your table mates. :-)
- modern clean line vibe
- pleasant staff and servers 

We checked it out for Summerlicious. 
We tried:
- the pork rillette to start
- I had the chicken (a generous portion and moist!) Hubby had the sole meunière. Very nice. 
- He had the chocolate cake (small portion) and I had the Paris Brest.  Lovely with a custard cream. 

Cocktails and wine were both very expensive. 
That's what you get in Yorkville! 

Regular menu looked good but pricey. 
It was good but I have enjoyed other high end restaurants more.   I never balk at paying for a great place with fab food. There are others in the area I would go to again over this spot. 

Just my 10 cents. :-)笑
My wife and I have been here a few times. Very cool place inside the Four Seasons Hotel and Residences. Nice ambiance and comfortable place to enjoy breakfast with someone special. The service is very good and attentive and the menu choices are very well done. My wife had the lemon-ricotta pancakes and I had the omelette. All very flavourful and served with nice presentation. Definitely a good place to take someone you want to impress.笑
Took my family to Café Boulud for this year's Summerlicious lunch menu.  At $25, it's a bargain for a Michelin starred Chef and Four Seasons!

Located on the 2nd floor of the newly built Four Seasons, the view of Bay Street is nothing special, but the design of the space is very impressive... I felt so damn Fancy!
Until my bro-in-law broke a plate... then we just pretended not to know him ;) HA!
Even with that, service was still friendly and accommodating.

I had:
Appetizer - Heirloom Tomato Salad (with tomato consommé)
It was ok - only had 3 small wedges of tomatoes... could use a bit more basil
Main - Roasted Cumbrae Beed (with salsa verde, potatoes & broccoli)
The meat was cooked to a prefect medium, but the salsa lackluster - could've done with it.
Dessert - Tonka Bean Sundae (with candied pecan, maple caramel & brownie)
Yey! This was good, not too sweet.

Although the summerlicious menu was not overly exciting... All else was impressive -  Beautiful presentation, exceptional service, well designed space.  What else can you as for from Four Seasons & Daniel Boulud?!

Will definitely come back for their dinner menu.笑
While we were happily downing our wine, trying not to listen to the repetitive trance club music and anticipating our food, our kick-ass server brought us these scrumptious little pastries stuffed with comté cheese. I probably could have just eaten 30 more of those and called it a day, but I digress.

Some other things our party had:
- the best bread basket ever
- roasted cauliflower
- roasted beet salad with arugula and burrata
- crispy duck egg with asparagus and ham
- duo of Cumbrae beef
- brown trout
- Nova Scotia halibut
- madeleines

Portions were on the small end of the spectrum (you'd probably want a side dish or two) but thumbs up for taste and presentation.

I don't eat meat and Alex, our waiter, happily offered to double up on the asparagus that came with our duck egg. How refreshing to not be penalized for wanting a dish sans something - these days, the norm seems to be either a smaller portion, an extra charge, or worst, the lame "no substitutes". Then entirely of his own accord, Alex brought out the ham separately for our carnivorous dining companions. Totally awesome and thoughtful. 

Someone must have overheard that it was my belated birthday because they sweetly lit a candle in our dessert basket of madeleines. Those madeleines! So warm. SO FLUFFY. I wanted to Honey I Shrink Myself and crawl inside.

In summation: art was terrible, food was great, but service was even better.笑
Working up the ladder, or in this case, working up the food chain, I was extremely disappointed in Café Boulud. Having to think I canceled Daniel just this past weekend. Maybe it was a good thing? Then again, Toronto doesn't have any Michelin rated restaurants, and this establishment doesn't exude this certain sophistication.

I was literally floored with the presentation of the shrimp cocktail. I had already adjusted my expectations knowing that we are in Toronto, and that I shouldn't be that critical and also, be nice. After a short moment, I forgave the fact that it looked like 6 shrimps were just tossed onto a plate (very much like I'd do at home), but the taste was enough to push me overboard. Being nice, I had my wife kindly inform our waiter that the shrimps needed to be returned. 

Subsequently, the rest of our meal was as expected (i.e. modified expectations, as expected). The manager was kind enough to offer a change from shrimps to escargots (I wonder have expected anything less).笑
Come here for the service, the ambiance, the exclusive feeling of dining in the Four Seasons, and the beautiful people. Safe to say I enjoyed every part of this meal.

But don't come for fine dining or gastronomic adventure. The food here was all serviceable. Some quite good (steak with frites) and some quite underwhelming (oysters). But at the $100 pp price range, serviceable doesn't really cut it.笑
I have to agree with a more recent review about front of the house staff.  Overall they need better training on how to be a little more customer focused.  We went for brunch on a Sunday and it was a 20 minute wait even with a reservation, and it appeared that several people who arrived after us were seated before.  When i tried to get their attention, i was met with less than polite attitude and the woman at the front desk needs to find another job more suited to working with people.  Her head was down the entire time, and she was afraid to make eye contact with anyone.. when i questioned her boss i was told that my perception was not the reality. huh, is that a fancy way of saying that i'm wrong.  whatever, the food was good, and our waiter was good as well. but i hope they learn a little more about time management and how to treat all customers equally. and if my perception was wrong, than explain to me why.. i'm a logical person, tell me why several other people were seated before me.笑
favorite place in toronto by far. 

Food is good, Service is good, staff is always very friendly. 

I've been here over 10x, order the peppered steak (steak au poivre) almost everytime and am never disappointed. 

I love how this place is decorated and most importantly PRICED. This place is SUPER reasonable. I wont say its cheap just because i dont think most people will consider a $300-$500 dinner for two "cheap" but for a really high quality restaurant i think this place is priced very well. The standards to be able to work at cafe boulud are extremely high and this place is nice but not pretentious. I really appreciate the fact that they dont bother to explain every component of the dish like at some other restaurants. I want to eat my food while its hot and would rather not wait for the waiter to give the entire table a soliloquy before i can dig in.

The atmosphere here is the best- very relaxed but fun... u can have wine/beer or shots of tequila. 

Manager at the time was also very nice- comp'd us a bunch of stuff, remembered our names on subsequent visits, even made a special dish not on the menu for my friend cuz he knew he was coming in that night. 

I've tried most of the stuff on the menu but everytime i go always start with the lobster salad then the steak au poivre. Get whatever u want for dessert.笑
My boyfriend and I came here on Friday for Winterlicious and we both had a great experience! The $45 dinner menu is definitely worth it - portions were good, everything was plated beautifully - and the great service/ambiance made for a wonderfully relaxing date night.

Appetizer:
I ordered the mushroom soup and my boyfriend got the tuna tartare. The soup was definitely one of the highlights of the meal for me - very creamy and savoury without the mushroom flavour being too overwhelming - and the tartare was quite tasty (and fresh) as well. Would recommend both of them.

Main course:
The fish stew was the only dish that I felt could be better; the seafood was cooked nicely but the stew itself was very salty. However, this might just be me (and my unusually low tolerance for salt) as my boyfriend didn't think it was too salty and ended up finishing it for me. I didn't try the lamb that he ordered but he enjoyed it!

Dessert:
Both of the desserts that we ordered (warm madeleines and the savarin) were lovely but I especially liked the madeleines - simple but super yummy, and you get a lot of them too.

Overall, dinner was delicious and it was a great start to Winterlicious - would highly recommend!笑
Café Boulud has been on my list of places to visit for a while now, and I am so happy I finally got a chance to go during winterlicious.

All four of us opted for the Digby Scallops for our appetizer. The scallops were seared with brown butter to have a hazelnut crust, and it was paired with celeriac gremolata foam. It was a really interesting texture, but the scallops were to die for. I could eat 10 of these and still want more!

For my main, I ordered the Pink Salmon on top of a bed of smoked spelt and brussels sprouts in a mushroom broth. The salmon was cooked well and it flaked off easily. The spelt paired really well with the broth. The broth had sort of an Asian influence, which I enjoyed. 

The only one at the table that didn't get the salmon got the Cumbrae Beef "Pot au Feu" with bone marrow, carrots, turnips, and potato. I had a piece of the meat and it was good - one of those 'fall off the bone' types of meats that was really tender. Yum! 

For dessert, two of us ordered the Tropical Fruit Sundae with coconut ice cream, roasted pineapple, and passion fruit coulis. I didn't taste this but they said it was really good and refreshing. They really enjoyed the passion fruit sauce!

The other two of us ordered the Pear Chocolate Gateau, which was a chocolate square bar with three layers: a fudge layer for the base, poached pear filing, and a chocolate mousse on the top. On the side was another slice of pear, a scoop of hazelnut gelato and a sprinkle of hazelnuts. Oh my goodness, I hope I described it well enough because it was amazing. I would go back and order just this dessert because it was so good!! I know chocolate is my weakness but this was actually really good and I highly recommend this.

Overall, I really enjoyed my meal here at Cafe Boulud. The service was great and they explained all our dishes to us when it came. The atmosphere of the restaurant was posh but not overly sophisticated to make normal people (like me) feel out of place. While some people have a luxury of eating at these types of restaurants on the daily, I think that Cafe Boulud would be a great place for a birthday or any other type of celebratory dinner. I would come back in a heartbeat, and I can't say that about a lot of places.笑
Cafe Boulud - my choice for Winterlicious 2017. 

With the number of posh venues, deciding on a Winterlicious restaurant was quite a challenge. After reading BlogToronto's "20 restaurants to eat at during Winterlicious 2017", and having visited both Sassafraz and Kasa Moto, I chose Cafe Boulud as my ticket. 

This was my experience:

Booked a table for two through OpenTable for a Saturday evening at 630PM. Had to travel from Markham to DT, figured this was the best time slot to avoid traffic on the DVP. Paid $15 to valet the car (3 hour allowance) at Four Seasons instead of parking across the street at the Green P as my date and I were both dressed up and did not want to brave the winter winds (February). 

Decided to skip DBar (cocktail lounge on the main floor) and head directly to dinner. Checking in was simple and efficient. Confirmed our table and received a number for checking both coats at the door. 

Saumom Marine (app):
The combination of the marinated salmon and crudités salad was delightful. The combination of the crunchy greens and the savoury salmon was spot on! (8/10)

Boeuf Bourguignon (entree):
The wine braised beef was succulent. Melted in your mouth like butter. (8.7/10) 

Tart aux myrtilles (dessert):
Almond streusel paired with icecream was good. Nothing special. (7.5/10)

Service was good. Fresh bread was brought to start you off. Found the venue to a bit noisier that I would had preferred. And the tables were pretty close to each other (Sofa section). A frequent complaint for Winterlicious is small food portions and poor service. That was not the case for Cafe Boulud. 

Only complaint was the $16 Long Island Icetea from the DBar. Tasted like 3 vodka shots and a cheap lemonade. Huge disappointment - took two sips and left it. Do not order it. 

Overall, Cafe Boulud was a great experience! Can't wait to return to try their regular menu. Now go try it for yourself!笑
First off I would like to first point out that there were some excellent aspects of the evening. For example, the hostess was quite friendly and accommodating. Also, the individual who was tasked with bringing the plates, did his job perfectly. I especially appreciated the detail he gave us when explaining each component of the dish and the rationale for each item.

The main problem that my wife and I had with our visit was on two fronts. These had to do with our server and the other issue was the condition of two dishes (both of the first course, and my individual one for the second).

We chose the tasting menu, because it seemed like that would be the best way to experience our first visit to Café Boulud. The first course, the scallop Ceviche had a beautiful appearance, but there was a distinct odor that my wife pointed out - which I did not notice at first but did so from then on. I do not wish to imply that the fish was not up to code. However, I think that some if not all reputable kitchens would think twice before sending out a Ceviche that even had a faint "fishy" smell.

The other issue I had was a minor one, as far as the dish itself, but I think brought out some of the disappointment I had with the service. The dish I am referring to is the famous Potato Wrapped Sea Bass. It was cooked perfectly, and I will fully admit, it is an amazing dish. Unfortunately I did have a few bones in my portion. Again, this something that happens from time to time and, in itself, is not a big deal. When our server came by to ask how the dish was, I said it was very good, and politely noted that I had a couple of soft bones in mine. His response truly shocked me. He replied, sarcastically, "I'm sorry, I personally cleaned the fish myself!" and walked away.

Sadly this was not the only disappointing aspect of the service we received that night. Early on, he asked if we were dining for a special occasion. I noted that it was our anniversary, and he gave a blank response as if he did not care. I was left thinking "why bother to ask in the first place, if you don't care?" I suppose it would not have been so bad, if he had been attentive or polite otherwise, but unfortunately he was not. When the time came for the check, we waited at least 30 minutes before he finally remembered us and said, "do you want anything else?" At that point neither of us wanted to spend another minute at Café Boulud and asked for the check. While we were waiting I heard him say to another couple, of whom he paid much more attention to than us, "happy anniversary." Again, maybe just another little thing, but even little things can ruin what one hopes to be a special evening.

As an epilogue, I sent a letter to the manager about my experience. For the most part I simply wanted to tell him about where the evening fell short in my opinion. I don't know exactly what I was expecting in reply ... but I was expecting a reply of some sort. Unfortunately I did not receive one - not even a form letter. I can now only include that the service and mis-steps with the kitchen are regular occurrences at this establishment.

I have heard great things about Chef Boulud's restaurants in other cities, but I don't think I will bother to find out after this experience.笑
One of the best meals I've ever had. I had foie gras as an appetizer and beef two ways as a main and it exceeded my expectations. 3 types of bread came to the table and our waiters wine selection was perfect. We had three desserts and we're given a complimentary plate of Madelines, which were delicious. Would go back the next chance I could get.笑
We've Bouluded twice this year with my parents - once for my lovely girlfriend's birthday, and recently for my own.

I have yet to find a lacking of flavour in any one element of any one meal. I opened with a Mushroom Velouté  I admittedly was drawn to based on the inclusion of a quail egg. The Egg was delicious in spite of the fact that it was overshadowed by an incredible Hot Mushroom Purée. 

My GF ordered the B.C Spring Salmon, which came with a mysterious giant cube made of fennel. I was super jealous because I love food shaped in cube format. She happily shared, and I happily partook.

I ordered the Black Cod, which was served in a lobster bisque, with what I believe were crunchy little bits of lemongrass. 

We ordered the Pear & Pistachio dessert (which was fabulous) as well as - what is now family tradition - a bowl of fluffy Madeleines. Don't eat too many or you'll end up like Charlie and his grandad floating to the ceiling of Willy Wonka's chocolate factory. And getting back down isn't pretty.笑
The worst customer service ever! The worst manager on duty! The food was good and staff were very nice. We had a reservation at 9:30, we went for 9:30, they asked us to have a sit in their lounge for another 30 minutes. Everything was awful! McDonald has better management! The guy on duty was the worst manager, his name was Jeremy! AwFUL!笑
I did my homework prior to booking a summerlicious reservation here, and I had high expectations, that were for the most part met.

Upon arrival (slightly early), we were promptly seated. The server was very attentive throughout the evening, and provided excellent service. The food was delicious. For the main, i had the Risotto Gnodi (pasta dish), and it was really, very good. For dessert, I had the strawberry sundae, which came in a glass, and was layered with cookie crumbs and strawberry preserves at the bottom, followed by vanilla ice cream and whipped cream. It was one of the best sundaes I have ever had and really exceeded my expectations for a sundae. The cocktails from the bar downstairs are incredible. 

Ambience is very important to me, and there are no complaints in this department. The decor was modern, stylish, and unique. The tables are not too close to one another, allowing you to feel comfortable and relaxed. The music was loungy and great. My only complaint, and I personally think it is quite substantial, is that for an upscale restaurant that has a dress code, the patrons attending (mostly for summerlicious I presume, on this particular evening), did not abide by it. The table next to me had someone wearing crocs. This is really unacceptable for an establishment with such a reputation. This is not a diner. It saddens me to say that most of the patrons were inappropriately dressed. Restaurants feel that they have to please and be politically correct, but honestly, dress code should be in effect. Wearing slacks/sweats/casual clothing is disrespectful to everyone, and it really takes away from the whole experience (especially for dinner).笑
Not much to say, however I really did enjoy the food  presented to me this evening. Tasted flavourful and was texture filled. The service at the table was subpar to what i was expecting, however I can't say its a complaint, more of a, there is room to improve type of critique. I give the benefit of doubt that its a busy day and the servers are probably exhausted, but for me to give more than standard gratuity, you have to try a lot harder. Overall I say its still a great place to go to, maybe avoid those monstrous evenings of special occasions to not deter your overall experience.笑
Service: excellent! From the moment you are greeted to the moment you depart, you are treated with care. The staff is very attentive and always with a smile. 

Location: downtown, valet parking or green P parking in the area. 
Busy during lunch hours.  

Food: we had the calamari as an appetizer. Really flavourful, small dish. 
For entrees we had the chicken and frites. I felt the chicken needed more flavour. 
The burger and fries also needed a bit more pizazz. 

Price: I felt the prices were a bit high however the service, atmosphere and experience are what you are enjoying the most.笑
Came for lunch.  
We have been to other Cafe Boulud-New York, Montreal on numerous occasions and this is our second visit to this location.
Hostess were very courteous and attentive.
Service by wait staff was subpar-never asked if we wanted a second glass of wine, offered coffee refill or how was the food, etc.  
As in our first visit for dinner the lunch was also under~whelming and left us un-satisfied. After all this is CB at the Four Seasons! 
Presentation, taste, and quality for the Cambrian beef, Mediterranean Sea bass, grill calamari was not to the quality we experienced at cafe boulud in Montreal.
In my opinion the Montreal C B is the best of the 4 Bouluds. 
The salad and charcuterie dishes were good.笑
Lunch service from top to bottom was excellent. They had the high chair in place for our son upon arrival. Good recommendation on wine.

Starters
Beef Tartar - The winner. I offered to every family member, and my father had 3 spoons off my plate.
Oysters on the half shell - Solid.
Calamari beignets - Runner up to tartar. Very tasty.

Mains
Lobster Salad - Made my dad real happy. Half a lobster in there, but it's $32. It's about what I'd expect.
Sea Bass - The loser of the group. I had higher hopes. Not bad, but was just ok. Higher expectations for this price & calibre of establishment.
Striploin - For lunch, this was massive. My mother said that I wouldn't need dinner. She ended up being right. Delicious, with a great accompanying bearnaise sauce and frites. Even at $51, I got my money's worth here.
Salad Nicoise - It's what I expected, but my wife is the connoisseur of this salad and was disappointed with measly quantities of tuna and potatoes. Potato quality to her, was also subpar.
Spaghetti & meatballs - Kid's menu, nothing remarkable, very plain. I should've ordered the cavatelli for my son instead and had the leftovers myself.

Desserts
Profiteroles - Entertaining presentation. A dome that melts and surprise, profiteroles. Smooth and consistent flavour.
Another dessert, which I can't recall was also good. Father liked that one better.笑
Was so excited to finally eat here.   I've never had anything but a positive experience any other Boulud restaurant I've been to.   Also, how can you go wrong to eat at the main restaurant at the flagship location of the world's most consistent luxury brand?

C'est dommage.

What a letdown.    Unfortunately so.  

Sure, it's a lovely room with great service.  Delightfully informal while extremely attentive.   And sure, the wine list is great and the Sommalier is even better.   Suggesting a wonderful Nîmes  to match our palate and particular pricepoint.  

But the food...  Zut alors.  Ce n'est pas grande cuisine française.    

All six of our combined dishes were pedestrian at best.   Ranging from a somewhat decent lamb dish to completely terrible cavatelli.   Something that appeared to be undercooked and wallowing in a bowl full of tears of forgiveness. 

That's fine at a lesser establishment.   But you don't come here for hit and miss.   

I understand the anger M. Boulud must have felt when NYC's iconic Daniel lost a star last year,  but why did he take it out on the kind people in our fair village?

Vous ne devriez pas perdre votre temps et d'éviter ce restaurant piétonne.笑
OMG. they are really good. 
I love their food and the service was so nice! 
They seriously spoil you! LOVE them. 

but It's definitely pricey...............very..............笑
Excellent winterlicious meal.  Although the menu didn't look very exciting, the food came out quite exceptionally well-prepared.  we had salmon and pot-au-feu.  Both were surprisingly different, especially the pot-au-feu which came with a delicious piece of bone marrow on the braised beef and three slices of pink flank steak.  The salmon came with brussels sprouts, exquisitely presented and prepared.  Appetizer scallops were okay but the slightly overpowered by the cream sauce.  Game hen terrine was interesting and well-presented.  Pear chocolate cake dessert was excellent!    Service attentive.  Overall a four star meal.  Was even surprised that the waiter gave us the unfinished bottle of wine to take home.  
BTW, wine by the glass is outrageously expensive at $17 - $19 a glass.  It's better value to get a bottle and take it home if you can't finish it.笑
They certainly ruined beef tartare for me. They try to make it an interactive experience so the server brought out a chunk of raw meat, like it came straight from the market, then he dressed it in front of us with the usual condiments. Definitely not appetizing. Entrees were just alright as I had higher standards for a Daniel Boulud restaurant.笑
Came here for summerlicious dinner. Had the green salad, the entree with beef, and the souffle for dessert. Although the souffle was delicious, I found the appetizer and the entree to be only mediocre. Even with summerlicious pricing, it was overly expensive for the quality and quantity of the meal. The complementary bread was hard, difficult to bite and cut the roof of my mouth.笑
This was a great culinary experience, especially for the price. Our entire team at work and I are extremely picky, but we will all return. Highly recommend: roasted beet salad, warm lobster salad, nine herb angolotti, beef duo, bleuberry vacherin, and chocolate mousse cake. The soups and squash risotto were a little bland.笑
This Summerlicious I had the pleasure to check a few places that I wanted to try for some time.  I have to admit that I usually have low expectations for summer/winter-licious meals but somehow this year, I had very good surprises. The number one was Café Boulud. 

I wanted to start by stating that I had a fantastic experience at Café Boulud. The service was impeccable. The food was perfectly done. The decor is classy. 
We were a party of four and we were seated right away. We had about 5 different servers working with our table. They were extremely attentive, cordial, and knowledgeable. I only have great things to say about the staff at Café Boulud. One of the waiters dropped some red wine on my friend's jacket and I discretely mentioned that club soda would do miracles, and quickly we had club soda and a clean napkin plus a lot of apologies. 

I had the scallops for appetizer. It was perfectly executed! The fish with bouillabaisse and crouton was marvelous. The wine pairing was a great choice and the tonka chocolate mousse was very good but I was happier with my friend's option, the mango, passion fruit with meringue dessert. So good!

I liked so much that I already went back since my first visit and I still love it! I would recommend Café Boulud for a very special date night when you want everything to be perfect.笑
A solid 3.9

Place, staff, food... as mentioned in most reviews are all OK / good. This being said, nothing was really to wooaaah about (and for the price, you would expect some woaah somewhere).

Appetizers, entrees, desserts combine several tasty ingredients, but there is always one or two things wrong here or there... too salty here, not enough of this there, steak a little bit too chewy there, not warm enough...

I would be happy to go again, but not in rush to do so... and with so many other options around, this may be a long time from now...笑
I was here for the winterlicious lunch menu -$28/pp

I was seated right away for my reservation at 1pm.  When I was greeted, the guy asked if I was here for a special occasion, to which I replied "no, just here for lunch with my family to try out the winterlicious menu" and he replied "oh! Winterlicious, that was what I meant by 'special occasion" huh?!? This left me a bit baffled. If  'special occasion' meant winterlicious, why not just straight up say it.  It's like he was hiding that there's a winterlicious event going on. Oh well.....

The meal went fine.  There was nothing to rant about, but also nothing to rave about.  The price was fair for what we received.  The servers was polite and prompt with refilling our water.笑
Went for their set brunch menu on a Saturday and thought the taste, food presentation, casual ambiance and formal service was exceptional.    I've been to Daniel in NYC so had very high expectations and was not disappointed - white glove service in a not-so-stuffy setting.    We ordered the steak and the Eggs Benedict...both were amazing.

Although definitely at the higher price range for brunch in TO, this is a great spot for special occasions.  Not formal *jeans and button down shirt is fine* but definitely fine dining at it's best. 

While other international chefs have not lived up to their names in Toronto, I think Daniel Boulud is an exception.笑
We were here for an early Sunday brunch. As you know, Cafe Boulud is a part of chef Daniel Boulud's restaurant empire; the flagship restaurant is Daniel in NYC. But I digress. Cafe Boulud is on the 2nd floor of Four Seasons Hotel. For those of you not familiar with Toronto, this Four Seasons does not have a sign outside, it's a tall, shiny building with a fountain, and it is easy to miss. We passed the D bar on the 1st floor and walked up the stairs, to be greeted by a friendly hostess who asked if we had a reservation before leading us to a table in a nearly empty restaurant. The ambiance is quiet, comfortable, bright, luxurious, and modern. 

We enjoyed the lattes, lemon ricotta hotcakes, and benedict florentine, which were served promptly by our amiable, unobtrusive, efficient waiter. All in all, Cafe Boulud is exactly what you would expect from an expensive hotel restaurant. A good place to eat and linger a little, if you live in the area or are staying at the Four Seasons.笑
Not really a 3 star more like a 2 and a half star restaurant.

The menu is very limited and nothing great.

There wines are way over priced.

There service is just OK .

The decor and seating is also nothing great 

We were also seated at a booth where there was a serving station directly behind me and all I could hear is plates being prepared.

Our Toronto restaurant management and or owners including this one need to go and take lessons from other restaurants in other cities in the USA and around the world.笑
Came here with a few of my girlfriends. Beautiful space and attentive service. Price was on the steeper side. The food was good, but found it to be salty, even for me. 

The crispy duck egg was excellent (4*) and so was the steak tartare (5*). I ordered a fish dish, which was wayyyy too salty. 

I'm not sure if I will be coming back as it was too pricey for the food. Perhaps for a special occasion because it really is a beautiful venue.笑
Honestly, I had expectations of high standard of service, menu and flavours and I feel they were all met or exceeded.  Although there were lots of options to try we opted to try the 5 and the 7 course tasting menus.  Pretty reasonable for the price as portions were quite substantial for a tasting menu.  Starting with the gruyere amuse cheese puff, things went uphill wonderful from there.  My menu was Cheese Puff- Lobster -Pesto ravioli- Sea bass with potato wrap-Grilled Loin of Lamb with nettles and Non chocolate dessert (yay!)  They also gave us a tasting of chocolates and truffles and a basket of freshly baked madeleines ( amazing)  Happily had expectations surpassed on this experience.笑
What a great place to have a casual, and delicious lunch with friends! Delicious seafood and wonderful salads.笑
We tried Cafe Boulud for our anniversary this year. I had been wanting to try it for a while, and what better place to choose for an anniversary dinner than a chic French cafe with a Michelin-starred chef attached to it? The service was impeccable, the food however was hit and miss.We started with cocktails (the Elderflower fizz and a Caesar, both fantastic). We had cod croquettes from the small plates menu, which were fairly plain, with large pieces of cod in the small croquettes. I was expecting a smoother filling, and overall the flavour was simple, and lacked seasoning. We shared the rotisserie chicken dinner, with asparagus and mushrooms, as our main. The chicken was incredibly moist and well-cooked, but again, the seasoning just wasn't there. Same went for the potatoes that came with the bird. I've read reviews both here and from professional food critics and it seems that the chicken is a bit of a hit or miss, either sublime or 'okay.' We seemed to have gotten it on an 'okay' night. The asparagus and mushrooms were nicely seasoned and very flavourful. The hit of the night, however, was the baked alaska. The presentation (and setting-on-fire-of) was wowing, and the dessert itself was amazing. The meringue had a beautiful charred-marshmallow flavour, and the ice creams were smooth and rich. If I were to return, it would definitely be for dessert!笑
Good ambiance; lighting was really nice... not sure why I noticed that. 
Staff were friendly'ish. Hostess kept looking over my head when she was talking to me. Our waiter was really nice.
The profiteroles desert was amazing! Tar-tar was okay. Chicken liver appetizer was delicious!
Not really worth the price, but I'm more of a Motel 6 kinda person and less of a Four Seasons, so my opinion should have no real bearing on your choices of where to dine.笑
Great fine dining experience! Had the 5 course meal and all courses were great with creative ingredients and plating. Pigeon and the Halibut were highlights. Service was attentive but not stuffy. Definitely among the top restaurants in Toronto. Don't forget to take some of the Madelines home with you ...笑
Let's get one thing straight first. My visit to the newly opened Cafe Boulud was nothing like that of Amy Pataki from the Toronto Star. I did not feel "something is off with the Toronto iteration," plus I witnessed the opposite of "distracted servers, unaccommodating reservationists and fumbling busboys." I'm assuming she just wandered in on an off night, because everything I saw told me Cafe Boulud was staffed by an attentive team serving mind-blowing food.

Cafe Boulud was my fifth trip from Richmond Hill in search of foodie gold, which some thought a bit much since there were perfectly serviceable restaurants in Richmond Hill. But I was in search of more than just serviceable. I wanted to see what artists could do at the top of their game. And also, I wanted to experience a restaurant at the moment of its birth, and since Daniel Boulud's newest spot had only opened in October, this was my chance to see the place while it was still shiny and new.

After making our way through the Four Seasons Hotel, we were led to our table in the brightly lit, modernistic dining room, which, surprisingly for such a high-end restaurant, happened to be under painting featuring The Avengers--which felt very strange, not only because such a thing was unexpected in that environment, but also because I'd actually once helped write an issue of that comic!

It turned out that this was no cheap knock-off mash-up, but the work of Mr. Brainwash, whose paintings filled the dining room. We were told they were all for sale, and if we were interested, one could be ours for from $55,000-$90,000. Not in my league, I'm afraid. (Hey, restaurants like Cafe Boulud are themselves only rarely in my league!)

We studied the menu, which included three our four dishes in each of four types of cuisines--"la tradition, classic French cuisine; la saison, seasonal delicacies; le potager, the vegetable garden; and le voyage, exploring the flavours of international cuisines"--and had a tough time making up our minds. All of the dishes were tempting.

How was one to choose from an appetizer list that included "country duck terrine, foie gras, black fig, pistachio, spelt levain" and "rabbit porchetta, young root vegetables, watercress, mustard crisp?" Or from such entrees as "grilled Ontario lamb loin, crispy belly, spiced eggplant, fregola sarda, tzatziki" and "steak au poivre, dry-aged Cumbrae strip loin, bone marrow, confit shallot, pommes Pont Neuf, parsley salad?"

After much deliberation, I decided to begin with "crispy duck egg, fricassée of wild mushrooms, duck confit, salsify and celery root." Piercing the egg sent gooey yolk running through all the ingredients, adding an additional level of sensuality to the delicate flavor of each. It gave me one of those food moments I treasure--all thought fled, I could not speak, the conversation carried on without me, the voices at my table suddenly muffled and distant. A transcendental dish, delivering exactly the heightened moment of consciousness which is the ultimate goal of all my foodie expeditions.

For my entree, I chose the "roasted Ontario veal loin, cheeks and sweetbreads casserole, oyster mushrooms, carrot confit, garlic-parmesan polenta." Why? Well, for one thing, my rule is, if cheeks are offered, cheeks it shall be. They are the tenderest part of any animal, and not always found on the menu. So I ordered the dish that included them, and while the meat was not quite as succulent as that at Momofuku Shoto the night before (after a 36-hour sous vide bath, it wasn't a fair fight), when combined with the flavors and textures of the loin and sweetbreads, that wasn't entirely necessary. The dish had its own charms.

For dessert I chose "caramelized Gala apple, lemon chiboust, sablé breton, ginger ice cream" from the La Tradition portion of the menu, wanting to see what the chef would do with a French classic ... and what he turned out to do was deconstruct it, which I wasn't expecting at all. But the presentation was charming, and the flavors were true, so it was a pleasant surprise.

The service was exemplary, with the staff jumping into action at the slightest motion of a finger or tilt of a head that showed we were in need. They were so responsive they seemed to be mind readers, which is why I was taken aback by the "distracted servers, unaccommodating reservationists and fumbling busboys" comment above. The crew was definitely bring its A-game the night we were there, and my fellow diners were well aware of that as well, noting how quickly they leapt into action throughout the dining room.

We drove back to Richmond Hill in silence, the meal having soothed our souls, much like a massage, or a swim in the ocean. When I got back to the hotel, I couldn't stop talking about the meal, particularly about the crispy duck egg, the star of the evening as far as I was concerned.

Now let's see ... what excuse can I use to get back to Toronto so I can work my way through the rest of the menu?笑
Went for Sunday brunch at Cafe Boulud for the first time.

Upon our arrival, the hostess immediately took our coats for coat check and seated us on a comfortable couch with a beautiful glass table.  It wasn't long until they offered us a coffee or tea, and of course I had to get my late morning cup of java.  Couldn't help but to get a mimosa later as well!

Looking around the space, I noticed that tables were set up with a good distance between each group, which I appreciated.  It was a busy time as many families and friends were gathered for brunch so it's nice that each group had their privacy.

Café Boulud offers a prix fixe two-course brunch menu, which also includes coffee, tea or fresh fruit juice - all for $38 per person.  Each course features 5-6 choices so you're bound to find a few things that will appease your appetite.  Here's what we indulged in:

 Charcuterie & Cheese Board with chefs selection of cured meats pâté and artisanal cheeses. There were various meats and cheeses, dijon mustard, olives and a pickle.  All were tasty and good to nibble on together before the second courses arrived.

 Viennoiserie Basket with chef's selection of house-made croissant and danish with fresh berries. This was very fresh and perfect to start off your day.  Also, enjoyed the fluffy, buttery pastries.

 Preserved Quince Tartine.  The spread was sweet and creamy and quince, refreshing. It would have been better if it was less on the sweet side though.

 Lemon Ricotta Hotcakes with spiced cherries, Ontario maple syrup and whipped cream.  The hotcakes were sweet enough that we thought it was fine without the extra maple syrup on the side.  Other than that, the soft and fluffy hotcakes were pretty delectable!

 Farm Egg Carbonara with housemade pepper bacon, poached egg and parmesan.  Seems like a simple enough dish but there was a lot going on with the flavours.  The savoury pepper bacon and creamy sauce was balanced out by the perfectly poached egg.  But, had to make sure you have a bite of bacon with the fettuccine or it could get too salty.

Steak & Eggs with over easy farm eggs, hanger steak, grilled tomato and béarnaise sauce. Steak was tender and seasoned well to go with the potatoes and tomato. Really enjoyed this with the eggs over easy.

If you're looking for a trendy yet quiet and delicious brunch spot in Toronto, I'd recommend that you give Café Boulud a try.  You will not only enjoy their brunch menu with a twist, you will also feel comfortable and welcomed by the attentive staff.笑
On Christmas Eve, my dad and I (whom was celebrating a birthday) participated in the restaurant's prix fixe. For the price I was expecting more. Although the quality of ingredients was high, the mains were the only satisfactory dish and appetizers left a lot to be desired in terms of flavour. Although, the desserts by far were the absolute worst. I really expected such higher quality and flavour. Very dissapointed to say the least and I didn't leave happy paying the amount I did for the two of us, inclusive of wine and espresso. That being said, our waiter was wonderful and the ambiance was enjoyable.笑
Wasn't crazy about the previous iteration but really like the new decor and menu.
As always the staff is amazing!笑
1. Food - Great! The scallops were cooked to perfection, and the seared fois gras was delicious. The star of the night was the venison - it was a perfect dish. Perfect. The terrine and  risotto were tasty, but one dimensional. The desserts were the only disappointment - they lacked depth and some of the flavour combinations didnt work for me. 

2. Service - Near perfect! This place has excellent customer service. From the maître d to our server - it was fantastic. I especially have to thank our server - I wish I could recall his name. He is a young Asian British man who was an absolute pleasure. He made great recommendations and explained them too. In addition, he was able to answer all our questions with a genuine smile, and took the time to explain each dish. He helped us not only have dinner, but have an experience. He made our evening. 

3. Decor or Ambiance - Vibrant. Sexy. Warm. Intimate. Modern. Open-concept. Classy. I liked it. Chairs and tables are well spread so that youre comfortable, and can hear the voices of your dinner party, and not of the table next to you. The warm yet vibrant yellows stand out in my mind. 

Great food, excellent service, great decor! This is what you want from a restaurant. This is what makes me happy. Ive never given a resto 5 stars, but this place was nearly perfect.  *big thumbs up*笑
Food: 3.5/5
Service: 4/5
Cleanliness: 4.5/5
Atmosphere: 4.5/5
Price: $$$

Michelin-starred chef Daniel Boulud has numerous restaurants around the world, and Canada's lucky to have two in Toronto and Montreal. We visited Toronto's Café Boulud back in January 2016 for brunch, finally crossing off all the Canadian locations! Voted Canada's top #14 restaurant, the newly renovated restaurant is truly a great place for weekend brunches.

Café Boulud officially has three locations across North America: New York City, Palm Beach, and Toronto. In Canada, the café is located on the second floor of Toronto's Four Seasons Hotel while they also have a d|bar by Daniel Boulud on the first floor. You can see the menus of both the bar and the café above.

The café actually only offers brunch on Sundays, and we visited on a Saturday afternoon. We didn't make a separate reservation for our brunch but we did arrive earlier to check for space. We ended up arriving after their breakfast and before lunch times, so we had some time to kill. Because we arrived early for lunch, the host took note of us. Reservations can be made by phone, in person, or online through Café Boulud's website.

We were one of the first few to enter Café Boulud for lunch and I was really impressed with them! Café Boulud recently went under a big renovation in terms of its menu and they also added a beautiful bar. The French bistro-esque café made me feel like I was in Europe more than Canada, and I loved it.

The menu at Café Boulud was not that big, as it was a café after all, but it had enough choices in each category that it had me stuck for awhile as to what to order. I decided to try the Frenchie Burger ($24.00) while my husband opted for pasta. We also decided to order an appetizer to share, though I don't fully remember what we ordered :(. No extra drinks other than sparkling water were ordered as I was pregnant.

Because we ordered so early on during its lunch hours, we also received our orders quite quickly. The croquettes were delicious and I really liked how the lemon on the side was also grilled. The food was soft and tender on the inside and we could really taste the cod fish.

Our entrées arrived shortly after, and I was so eager to try my burger! I think I might've been a little more excited to try the big bowl of fries that came with the burger more so than the burger itself... I'm one of the biggest lovers of french fries you'd ever know. Anyway, my burger was good but it didn't exactly satisfy me. Perhaps it was just because I could only get the patty grilled well-done as I was pregnant (I prefer medium-medium well). My husband really enjoyed the burger and couldn't fully understand why I didn't like it as much as he did. I loved the fresh arugula in the burger, quite different from the regular lettuce you get, and the tomato-onion compote was great. I still don't know why I didn't fully enjoy the burger and I really wish I knew.

Hubby's pasta dish was delicious, especially because of the lamb ragu! The pasta dishes at Café Boulud were available in half and full portions. I quite liked the pasta as well, more than my Frenchie burger, and I wished I had ordered the pasta instead. We both liked how the pasta was perfectly al dente because the texture of the pasta really enhanced the dish. Definite re-order.

By the time we were done with our brunch, Café Boulud was packed with customers! I definitely recommend making a reservation in advance as the café is quite popular. Our brunch experience was satisfactory and we would love to return for a nice romantic dinner later on when we are in town. Their dinner menu is similar but has more options, and I would really love to return to Café Boulud for their prix-fixe Sunday brunch!

Service at Café Boulud was great (as it should be) and we were consistently checked upon throughout our lunch. As the restaurant became busier throughout the lunch hours, we couldn't get a hold of our server as easily as we did which was slightly disappointing. Nevertheless, other servers still took care of us.

If you've ever wanted to try Daniel Boulud's French cuisine and you're in Toronto, we highly recommend that you try Café Boulud. It's a great French bistro to enjoy time with your loved ones at any given time.

Valet parking is available through Four Seasons Hotel Toronto.笑
Wow! I was completely blown away by this place. Was it fairly expensive, yes. Did I think it was worth it, yes. 

The staff was well versed in their craft from cocktails to wine to food. There was nothing I ate or drank that I didn't like. 

This is a great place for a celebration.笑
Went here for Summerlicious 2016 dinner.  $48 per plate.

Overall, it was very good experience.  Food was great, decor was stylish and the wait staff was attentive.  

Thank you笑
I came here for my friends bachelorette party.  I am giving this place four stars because the dessert and appetiser were amazing enough to make up for the unimpressive main.

I ordered the fennel risotto as my appetiser.  It was creamy and rich with a hint of piquant flavour given by the lemony shrimp.  I really enjoyed it and was thankful that the portion size was large. 

I chose the pacific halibut as my main.  It lacked flavour and was nothing special. 

For dessert I had the warm chocolate coulant.  Wow, this dessert was to die for.  The gooey chocloateyness of the coulant along with the salty sweetness of the caramelised milk ice cream was cloud nine in my mouth ; ) mmmm...笑
Went here for a special 5 year anniversary  dinner with my DH, and the folks definitely made it special for us! (disclaimer: it helped that we knew the sous chef)
They started us off with a complimentary glass of champagne, and the servers were exceptionally polite and knowledgeable.

Our favourite thing was their Crispy Duck Egg....sooo good.  It was smoky with the bacon, perfectly fried and crispy on the outside, and then velvety smooth inside with an exquisite soft yolk.  It was comforting and luxurious at the same time.  I could eat that for brunch, lunch, or dinner any day!

We planned to order off their menu but the servers convinced us to order their special of the day which was a stuffed whole fish with lobster and scallops and served with a creamed corn and a bunch of other sides.  It cost around $90, but it was meant for 2 people, so we tried it, and it was amazing!

We were going to leave after dinner as we had to catch a cab to get to our show, but they gave us a complimentary dessert, which was very nice but nothing that was really memorable.  

And yes, we ended up being late for the musical and were one of those people who walk to their seats during a scene change.  oops!笑
My love and I went there on Valentine eve for a romantic Winterlicious late night dinner.   We had never been to his Toronto restaurants, although we always enjoy his NYC food places.

We were amazed at the proliferation of his eateries on both floors of the 4 seasons hotel.   And they were busy.

We got a deuce right at the back of the second floor cafe.  We found these tables to close to its neighbors.  As in when the wait staff served the adjacent table their rear end was literally in our face.   There was no privacy from fellow diners adjacent and behind us was a very loud group of 4 biz types who should have gone to a pub instead.

The food.

The Winterlicious menu was well priced at $45 but the choices limited and not overly inspiring on first read.

The venison pate was OK but could have used an accompanying tangy  jam or sauce.

The main of lamb shoulders was well braised and  good but small in portion and not memorable. Lots of root veggies in the wings of the plate.

Ah!

But the desert , the chocolate "cake" was a melody of form and taste and texture.
Outstanding and ample portioned.  I relished every bite and ask the server if I could come back next time just for desert.  He replied that it is on the menu only for this event. Alas!

Bottom line.   We will not rush back as Toronto now offers so many restaurants deserving of a second visit.  This is not one of them for us.笑
Went there for a girls night a few weeks ago and everything was on point. The server was very fun and personable, the food was fantastic (charcuterie platter followed by roast chicken, Arctic char and duck confit. Every dish was perfect - my only reservation was that the server over-sold the rotisserie chicken by explaining in detail the magic of their house special chicken, from a farm in Quebec and the roasting process. I was super excited about it and don't get me wrong, it was delicious but it didn't knock my socks off (unlike the fried chicken atRuby Watchco - mind blowing!) The grapefruit dessert, yes grapefruit, was unbelievable, a must-try. 

Well done by the entire team at Cafe Boulud!笑
This review is based on scrambled eggs. Maybe its a new way of doing scrambled eggs french style however i didnt  like them one bit. They were too runy saucy. The cafe looks upscale but im not a fan of this french food. Coras which is not a 5 star restaurant makes better scrambled eggs. Matter fact i make better scrambled eggs then this place !笑
Couldn't have asked for anything more. Good service. Good food. Good times.

One issue: please train your food runners better. It is a sign of poor training and management when they come to the table running, throwing plates down in the wrong order for the wrong people and then leave it to the patrons to solve.

At 5 people for north of 600$ i really expect better execution.笑
Went to Cafe Boulud for summerlicious with much anticipation! The restaurant is located a floor above D-Bar. The ambiance is... okay. To be honest the furniture was a bit weird, with office chairs and glass tables and mismatched themes. The food, however, was fantastic. We started off with bread and salted butter and an amuse bouche which was similar to a tater tot - the best tater tot I've ever had. We each had a cocktail which was good, but also cost a hefty $18!!! In fact all the drinks were obscenely expensive. 

For appetizers we shared the lamb terrine and the heirloom tomato salad. The lamb terrine came with a piece of flat bread that nearly broke my teeth and was impossible to break into smaller pieces. The salad was fantastic - refreshing, loved the melon sorbet, great combination of flavours. 

Then for entrees we both had the cumbrae beef which came with a piece of roasted watermelon, kimchee, and a rice cake. The beef was delicious, but I'm not convinced that all the elements on the plate really went together (beef with watermelon?! maybe my palate isn't refined enough...) 

Finally we had dessert, which was definitely the best part of the meal. I had the chocolate gateau which I cannot sing enough praise about! It came with a brown sugar tuille, chocolate mousse, salted peanuts, peanut crumble, graham crumble, homemade marshmallows, and toasted marshmallow ice cream. It was a work of art (see photos) and every single bite was heavenly. 

In summary, despite a few misses, it was overall a great meal.笑
Came here for brunch with some friends.  Service was extremely slow and we had to remind the waiter we needed coffee.  A second disappointment for a Four Seasons Toronto restaurant (D Bar service was also poor on a separate occasion).  The brunch food was very good, however.  Two had steak and eggs, one had the eggs benedicte and I had the omelette.  Everyone enjoyed their meals and the food was very high quality (as we would expect from a restaurant of this caliber).笑
Cafe Boulud is Daniel Boulud's first Toronto outpost fans of French cuisine will love it! I came here for brunch and had the truffle veloute and the french toast, so I do not feel I have had adequate experience with the menu to give a five star rating. That said, my meal was delicious and flawlessly prepared. 

The location and vibe is lovely, with interesting artwork and lots of glass windows. Service was very friendly, even on a busy Sunday morning. The veloute was perfectly seasoned topped with a boiled quail egg, and the presentation was very pleasing. The french toast was awesome as well, with blueberries and fresh cream. Ingredients are clearly high quality. I haven't been for dinner but the menu looks promising. 

Great spot for brunch, excellent food as expected from  the Boulud name.笑
If you're going to splurge, you could do far worse than Café Boulud. Some of the seating here is novel yet practical - one-sided booths make it easy to share with a partner, which can come in handy. The rest of the seating looks inspired by office decor and undercuts the prestige associated with the FS brand. 

The tapas-based menu makes it easy to try a few things without donning buffet pants but you might need to order extra if you arrive with a big appetite.  Everything we had was good. Gluten free bread is provided upon request. I'd give an extra star if they weren't so fully onboard the tapas trend bandwagon. Sometimes when it's -30 winter weather, heartier fare seems more appropriate.笑
LOVE LOVE this place.  5* food with the service to match.  We've been there for brunch with and without our toddler.  We loved the food.  The service was flawless and very warm towards our son who tried and loved everything.笑
2 stars for great food but poor service.

I came here for their prix-fixe brunch ($38 for 2 courses, includes tea, coffee, and juice). I got the crispy duck egg and smoked salmon eggs benedict, both of which were excellently prepared. The portions are also fairly generous.

Unfortunately, it's the subpar service that really holds this place back. Upon arriving, none of the 3 hostesses present acknowledged us until we inquired about our reservation after several minutes of silently being ignored. Service was also on the slow side, and we had to ask the busboy to fetch our server to order. Once he did appear, he was surly and standoffish, doing the bare minimum without ever engaging us in the meal. 

I really want to like this place - the new Four Seasons building, along with the great modern decor and food all have the makings of a great restaurant, but the service really was a letdown for a place of this calibre.笑
We had breakfast here 3 days in a row while staying at the Four Seasons -fabulous hotel btw.  We also had a late night dessert / cheese / coffee extravaganza.

The service was first-class: personable, yet professional, from the host & hostesses to our friendly waiter.

The breakfast menu was extensive, from egg in a hole to ricotta hot cakes with sour cherries and everything in between.  The espresso was also good.

Special compliments are due to the staff who accommodated us and our group (including 4 kids) without notice late at night.

We loved it!笑
I can't even begin to explain the loveliness that is Cafe Boulud. We came here on US Thanksgiving with several people who were unable to travel back to the US to be with their families. The intention was to order their signature dish (as a Thanksgiving meal): the poulet à la broche.

However, after looking at the menu, we went a little crazy with the food and wine (it was all so so good) and ordered the charcuterie, various pâtés, the steak tartare, a 30-day dry-aged côte de boeuf, the sea bass, escargot, the confit de canard, and some very good but very expensive wines.

The food and wine were so well timed with the conversation that I don't think we were ever out of food; and, the waiters were so inconspicuous that we didn't notice them (unless we wanted something) so there was no interruption to the conversation or the experience. Many at the table had already heard of Daniel Boulud and his restaurants but none had experienced them first hand. I don't think anyone went away disappointed.

Tip: to get to the cafe you need to go into the Four Seasons, into the lounge on the first floor (dbar), and up a spiral staircase. Once at the top of the stairs the hostess will take care of you.

Another tip: They do offer warm gluten free bread if you ask... and alternate cracker options for the pâtés.笑
My boyfriend took me here for our anniversary and we loved it! Our waiter was super nice and attentive. The restaurant is really nice, modern and has nice artwork. I ordered the seared foie gras and white fish and it was sooooo good. Coming back soon.笑
Atmosphere: predominantly old man stuffy

Food: breakfast selection is limited and not very inspired. The duck confit is great if you like very salty food.

Maybe it's the fact that it's a restaurant in a hotel. I don't know. I'm not planning a second visit. DBar still gets my vote as a great place for drinks with colleagues or a date but Boulud gets a thumbs down - not at all aligned with the vibe of the rest of the hotel.笑
As much as I hate Summerlicious, it is always a great excuse to try restaurants that I otherwise would only go with my parents, Cafe Boulud included. At $25, the 3 course lunch menu offered something different than just chicken penne and salad, in addition, the option to order from the regular menu was nice to have as well. 

Walking into the hotel for the first time, it was sleek, modern but surprised at the smaller sized space, the vaulting ceilings make up for it - and in a place like this, lots of opportunity for fancy instagramming.

The decor is modern, with big glass windows that let in a lot of natural light; walls are covered with some andy warhol type pop art I guess to give it a younger more trendy feel. 

Service was as expected from a place like this, our server friendly and joked around, but no extra effort made, really. 

The Summerlicious Menu 
my dad had the Heirloom tomato salad for appetizer - it was just some cut tomatoes in a broth, it didn't look amazing to me, but dad loved it
mom got the squid salad which had some calamari cooked up a few different ways. it wasn't tough and the salad dressing was quite tasty. 
for mains, my dad got the cumbrae beef - tender and juicy, and my mom some sort of seared fish. 
My main, i ordered off the main menu which was quite affordable for lunch at around $25 for calves liver. It was very very good.

For dessert was a brownie/mousse cake with a side of lemon sorbet which I ended up eating the entire thing without sharing - I felt bad for this, but this was very yummy. 

Overall, I would say a positive summerlicious experience and I would come back for a fancy lunch. The food is well worth the price tag, and reminds you of what yorkville is supposed to be.笑
Fantastic place, fantastic service and tremendous food. I typically don't give out 5 stars but after having dined many times in Toronto, this place is a hidden gem upstairs at the Four Seasons.  First of all, the ambience in this restaurant is fabulous.  The decor is absolutely divine and the service simply ads to it. It isn't over the top but very helpful with just the right amount of attention - perfect for a business dinner.  The menu is no nonsense with a great selection for all dietary needs.  I had the potato wrapped sea bass with the summer greens to start.  Each dish was impeccably prepared.  The wine list is also very thorough.  Next time, I'd allow more time to hang out at the cool bar downstairs as that has a fun vibe prior to dining.笑
I've been to Cafe Boulud countess times and all my experiences here have been very positive. The staff are very friendly and attentive. The atmosphere is very good, I heard they renovated recently so I am definitely looking forward to seeing the new layout and decor. As for the food, it has been excellent so far! I've tried their lobster salad, beef tenderloin, steaks, veal, various fish and various desserts to name a few and all were very fresh, flavorful and creatively presented. Their selection of free bread appetizer is a nice touch too, and the bread actually tastes good. Reserve ahead of time to avoid long wait times.笑
Chef Boulud's dinner menu took us on a culinary journey around the globe. All of the dishes we devoured were beautifully executed by Chef de Cuisine, Tyler Shedden, and his talented team.

We had the most imaginative charcuterie board we've ever laid eyes on. The ham hock pâté, duck salami and the jambon de Paris were incredible.

The Roasted Veal Loin ($36) was my favourite main course. The braised cheek was cooked perfectly. The dish was unpretentious, bright and delicious. 

My favourite dessert was the Grapefruit Givré. This dish not only combined unusual flavours, but it was whimsical and made me feel like a kid (always a good thing).

As one of enRoute's nominees for Canada's best new restaurant, Café Boulud definitely makes the top of my list. Their service, food quality and wine selection was truly exceptional.笑
Went for winterlicious 2017. Food is delicious and the service is really nice! I had the terrine for starter, the pickles with them are super tasty, they went really well with the ham and the terrine. My boyfriend had the smoked salmon which I had a little bite. It's slightly too salty, but went well with the salad. The sea bream is full of flavor and really fresh. The skin is super crispy when the dish is hot! The veggies are also tasty too but a little bit oily. The chocolate charlotte is okay because the lady finger is way too sweet for me. The server is helpful with my choice of dishes and wine.
Overall, atmosphere 4/5, food 3.5/5, service 4/5. The steak for two on the regular menu seems really amazing. We might come someday and try it out!笑
The breakfast is very good, worth the money. The staff is very nice and attentive. I would definitely recommend staying here and eating at Café Boulud.笑
I came here for a dinner last weekend. I was expecting this place to be really fancy and pretensious and all but it turned out to be a casual hip place with modern ambiance. Walls are dominated by odd paintings a la Andy Warhol, which I liked at first but eventually gave me headaches -_- Menu was so confusing. There were 4 different sections. French, fusion, veggie and another section I don't remember. Foods were cheaper than normal hotel restaurant prices.

I had rabbit porschetta and halibut for main. My friend had lobster salad and then lamb loins. The tastes were average. I did like halibut but it is the same thing you could have tasted at other restaurants. The rabbit appetizer had weird aftertaste. Friend liked her lobster salad and lamb loins although she said lamb loins were tough and bland. 

Total bill was $230 with tips after dinners, desserts and a bottle of wine. Not worth it imo as I thought the foods were generic.笑
Had the five course degustation with matched wines. The dishes were all delicious and the wines complemented them perfectly. I wasn't hungry at the end of the meal which I find can sometimes be a drawback of degustation menus. Excellent service to boot! 

I would recommend the venison dish!笑
I personally love this place but am so embarrassed about the table manners!! Went for summerlicious dinner. Eat a loot there and yes, they are all good except the dessert, kinda sweet and sour!笑
Well this was a bit of a disappointment. Went here for summerlicious, as we had been meaning to try it out....  It is just bland and boring.  The service is very attentive, which is nice. The food is well cooked, for sure...but just uninspired. I started with Feuillete d'Escargot, and had Blanquette de Volaille as main: juicy, perfectly done, but....  There are so many interesting things to taste in Toronto these days, to me it just isn't worth spending the money and time at Cafe Boulud.  The atmosphere is nice but feels very cafeteria-like.....I used to love the old Four Seasons, had so much atmosphere....the new location just falls flat for me.笑
yummy. The food here is wonderful. Service is however extremely slow笑
This is quite simply one of the coziest and most elegant rooms I've ever dined in. The menu is very traditional, but each dish we tried had an added flare. I was quite simply one of the most pleasant dinners I've had in a restaurant.笑
In general, its a hotel restaurant with the conventional fare and of not bad but not overly special serving of food and experience. Brunch was most definitely overpriced $45 for Benny or croque monsieur with standard greens and ingredient did not speak to the price stand point.笑
When I was in Vegas a few years ago, I hit one of Daniel Boulud's restaurants and really enjoyed it. But after the initial word was so negative for Cafe Boulud, I wasn't in any rush to give this place a try.

The renovations and retooling brought a new wave of positive notices, so the time was right to give the restaurant a try. I arrived on a Satuday at around noon and was immediately seated and given a glass of water.

I wanted to start off with a cocktail but decided against it after noticing they're around $16 each. So I just ordered the Boudin Blanc as my main. The dish is advertised thusly: "white sausage, caramelized onions, apple, mashed potatoes."

This is an exceptionally rich plate of food. The sausage is delicate and delicious, while the mashed potatoes are almost unreasonably creamy. (I shudder to think how much butter and cream is in them.) The slices of raw apple don't seem to add much, however, but there are also caramelized apples and onions and they're delicious.

The service was decent, although my water glass stood empty for a few minutes longer than I would've liked. And as tasty as the dish was, $24 just seems a little outrageous. Still, I would return to try other items on the menu were I to come into a lot of money.笑
We checked out the restaurant at the Four Seasons ~ Cafe Boulud from Chef Daniel. It is located above D-Bar so away from the noisy bar atmosphere in a quiet dinning area. We started off with SEARED FOIE GRAS ($26) - crabapple, bulgar wheat cumin & hazelnut spice aged cider vinegar. It was quite an expensive dish, and the size of the foie gras was ok. The mix of apples and cider vinegar added a nice touch.

For the main course, I had the POTATO WRAPPED SEA BASS ($39) - pommes purée, glazed leeks watercress, sauce meurette. This was a very unique dish. Crispy thin sliced potatoes are wrapped around the sea bass. The mash potatoes were very creamy.

For desserts, we had the WARM CHOCOLATE COULANT ($12) - liquid caramel, fleur de sel caramelized milk ice cream. The chocolate cake was warm and caramel leaks out.

Overall, the service was good, very attentive. The atmosphere was nice, quiet, so it's a good place to catch up with friends. The food was ok, all the ingredients are fresh but not the best I had and the price is expensive (price to pay to eat at Four Seasons).笑
Came here for breakfast with friend in town. The clientele is sophisticated, the servers are attentive and the food is exceptional. We ordered the "Oeufs Meurette" (braised short rib, red wine poached eggs) with gluten-free bread instead of sourdough and it was divine. Honestly, I never knew short ribs could be so perfect for the morning.笑
I think I've been utterly spoiled by O&B restaurants, especially Canoe, for things like Summer- and Winterlicious. My fiance and I felt a bit ripped off at Cafe Boulud (CB) on their first day of 2013's Summerlicious. I think calling CB "upscale casual" pretty much hits the nail on the head, because it hasn't decided what it wants to be yet. The presentation of the food: upscale, the taste of the food: casual, the service looks: upscale, the service is: casual and varied.

I had a very good impression of this restaurant when I made my online reservation. The day before our dinner date, I received a lovely reminder phone call from the restaurant. Service sets the mood before you even get there, and for this CB gets high praises.

We arrived 20 minutes late! But the hostesses were nice and not sour looking about this. I also noticed that none of the female hostesses were wearing heels (+1). This is a good business practice that many restaurants ignore, so I think I can infer that CB cares for their staff.

My fiance ordered: Chicken Gallantine (interesting); Cumbrae Beef (can't go wrong with beef, nice smokey flavour); Chocolate Gateau (yum). I ordered: Digby Scallops (I don't think they know what seared means, the corn succotash was delicious); Cumbrae Beef; Tonka Bean Sundae (get this!). One of my scallops had a fish scale on it. Do scallops even have scales, I was under the impression they are bivalves. I sense some cross contamination with the Sea Bass main in the kitchen. We also ordered the 2-course wine selection ($25/person). The wine pours were so SMALL. It was a complete and utter rip off. We could've ordered a lower end bottle of wine for the same price. The food looked absolutely beautiful and tasted average. I wouldn't say anything was my utter favourite, there was nothing that stood out to me. It was just all so average. I should've known we were in for a weird night when the chef sent out complimentary gougeres (cheese puffs) that were so salty it was hard to enjoy the soft and airy texture.

I noticed table-side service was so varied! The table to my left received descriptions for some of their food (complimentary gougeres for the table), the table to my right received descriptions for all their food (the chef sends out complimentary gougeres, cheese pastry, for the table) and my table received the names of our order and nothing more (enjoy). We also had no idea what wine we were drinking. Terrible oversight! I also noticed there was a SNAFU in the kitchen as some tables were very slow on receiving their mains.

It was nice to try, but CB tries to look like more than it is. A restaurant can't decide to charge upscale prices for casual tastes and service. I mean unless it's in the Four Seasons and is always guaranteed clients. Our total came to $170 (not including tip) for 2 Summerlicious dinners, 2 2-course wine pairings, 1 coffee and 1 cappuccino. What a rip off! Just to put that in perspective, we recieved a better meal and better service at Canoe for $110-120 for 2 Summerlicious dinner, 2 3-course wine pairings and 2 cocktails.笑
Went to summerlious 2014.  Ordered Albacore Tuna Tarta for appetizer;  Cumbra beef brisket; Chocolate Gateax.  The tartar is very ordinary, nothing spectacular.   The beef is too salty.  However, the watermelon and the rice cake garnish were superb.  The dessert is mediocre.  The most interesting component on the dessert was the peanut butter marshmallow ice cream.  Smooth and flavourful. 

The service is excellent.  It's a good experience but wouldn't go back again.笑
One of the few places I admire the most when it comes to their desserts. The place is like okay, the chef was great, he even greeted us and said hello. That's a good thing considering this is our first time here at Cafe Boulud.
Moroccan Tuna Tartare was also good, never mind the other things just focus on the tartare.
Recommended笑
Our family usually does brunch here because it is consistently good. From the food to the service, we have yet to have a miss. We had our daughter's 1st birthday brunch here yesterday and it was fantastic. We opted for the semi-private dining and it was great, secluded enough to feel private but not so closed off to feel cut off from the restaurant. I cannot thank our server Kasha (I wish I knew how to spell her name) who was very accommodating and sweet. I also appreciate the restaurant for allowing our event planner to come in and jazz up the place for our get-together. We will definitely be coming back here!笑
I came here with high hopes and expectations.  I've dined at a few of Boulud's restaurants before and know just how good they can be.

My experience at Boulud Cafe at the Four Seasons was disappointing at best.   Dull and tasteless food and a staff that seemed to be just cutting their teeth in the hospitality industry is not what I've come expect from Boulud or the Four Seasons.

Maybe my expectations were high, but I think if you are going to call yourself a Boulud property you should live up to Boulud standards.

My overall impression - dull tasting food, inadequate service and steep prices (for what you get) in a nice but, in my opinion, not up to Four Season standards.笑
The Halva desert was very good and worth the visit. The mushroom soup was good but same as you can get in other restaurants in the city. The rest was OK and not outstanding as we were expecting. It is very pricey due to the location in the hotel. The interior design is nice and it also worth the visit.笑
Super friendly and professional service but a tad below Michelin star level, like the 1 in NYC. Ordered from Summerlicious menu and food was delicious! Dessert wasn't great or special but good enough. 

The wine didn't really pair right. Good tasting wine but not a great pairing. And you only get 2 glasses. 

Would come back again only on special occasions.笑
My husband brought me here for our Valentine's day dinner. For that night, they were only offering the Valentine's dinner menu, which is a four course meal. At $125 per person, I expected the food to be bit better.

The restaurant is on the second floor of the Four Seasons. When we got there, our jackets were checked, and we were seated right away. The ambiance of the restaurant was very nice. And our waiter was very polite, nice and attentive. However, I think all of this is to be expected from a restaurant of this caliber. 

The best part of our meals were the starting appetizer and the dessert. My husband and I got the steak tartare and foie gras. Both were very yummy, and both left me wanting me more it. For dessert, we got the tarte tatin and profiteroles, both were very good. The profiteroles was presented very nicely. The ice cream was enclosed in a dark chocolate ball, when the waiter poured the hot chocolate sauce over the chocolate ball, the ball melted and opened up to the ice cream inside. Unfortunately, the most important part of the meal, the main dishes, were not very memorable. Both items we got were very average, and we felt like that we could have gotten that same quality of food from any other restaurant.

Overall, it was a good dinner, I just didn't think it was worth the price tag on it. For that price, there were a lot of other restaurants that I would rather have gone to.笑
The food is pretty looking and mediocre tasting.

The raspberry tartine looked nice but just didn't taste good.  The tarte flambé tasted and looked like a frozen mushroom pizza.  The Carbonara was ok but kinda greasy.  The lemon curd hot cakes were ok at best.

Nothing was great or amazing.

I would have given a 3/5 rating, but considering we paid $115 for brunch for two, it wasn't very tasty when it comes to the pocketbook.

I am all for spending money on good food.  But this just wasn't worth it.  Disappointing considering it's a Four Seasons hotel....笑
OK, where do I start. Let's start with first impressions then on to the food here.

I used to frequent the Studio Café at the old Four Seasons on a regular basis, but this was my first visit to the new Four Seasons and newly branded Café. I know that this new location is a combination of private residences and hotel, but I think they did a little to well in their efforts to deemphasize the hotel aspect, as I felt like I was visiting any new upscale condo, except for the door men and valet parking.

Call me old school, but the whole feeling I got, from the entrance, reception, and elevators, to the general design was it all was just a little to stark and lacking in the sense of warmth and welcome I used to get at the previous hotel location. Moreover, on Café Boulud, while you can see that much much expense was spared in the building of the space, again the Cafe lacks the warmth, brightness and any flourishes of whimsy. Not to mention how cheerful the old Studio Cafe space felt when it was flooded in light through the large windows overlooking Yorkville.

I took a friend to Cafe Boulud for their birthday for breakfast. and to my main point of this review, why do I have to pay $20 to get excellent eggs Benedict in Toronto. Yeah, I know, haft a dozen places that serve good eggs Benedict just popped into you mind, I know many of these same places. However, I have found these places at times to be inconsistent, overdone eggs (even when servers are asked to make sure the eggs are soft) Hollandaise that  can either be too lemony at times or just plain bland. Plus, the times they get it close to right, the Hollandaise is applied in a sparing manner. 

The eggs at Café Boulud where done perfectly, set a top prefect Canadian bacon and fresh muffin. The Hollandaise as text book perfect, the right balance of lemon with just a hint of heat, the way I like it, and a generous amount applied as well. Yum!

My friend had the smoked salmon, scrambled eggs with crème fraiche and chives, she I tasted some it it was wonderful, best smoked salmon I have had in ages. My friend said it was a perfect breakfast.

I would have voted 5 stars except for the general ambiance, or lack there of, and as I mentioned before, well nice enough the space was just lacking the warm I would like for a place calls itself a Café.

The place to go when ever I want perfect, and not just decent, eggs Benny.笑
We should have learned our lesson the first time. Or maybe the second time. Maybe even the third. Every time we have been there has been a booking issue. First time we waited over 15 minutes for our reserved table, second and third time we waited while they "set" our table in a virtually empty restaurant. Trying to book for Boxing Day I was offered an 8am reservation while there was one available on Open Table at 10:15. When I asked to speak to the Manager I was offered 9:45 with a "we are terribly busy" response. Like the food but AWFUL, undertrained staff and certainly not up to Four Seasons calibre.笑
I was a big fan of Truffles at the Four Seasons before it closed and it was exciting for me to find out that Daniel Boulud would be putting his name on this new restaurant. I finally got around to dining there last Saturday evening and I came away satisfied and for the most part, impressed with the food. 

First, I'd like to say that I think it is absolutely ridiculous that the Four Seasons charges $15 for valet. I think if they see you going into the hotel as a diner or guest, they should include free valet. Not only that, they tell you when you come to pick up your charge that it's a $15 charge, not beforehand. It's not about the money for me, it's about them not being upfront about the charge and how there shouldn't be a charge in the first place. Maybe I'm just used to Vegas where all valet at the hotels is always free. 

Anyway, the ambience is good. The acoustics are good. The tables are really close together which seems to be typical for Toronto restaurants, to the point where you can pretty much actively participate in your neighbour's conversation. The service was decent but veered more towards the average, not what I'd expect at the Four Seasons. When I was having trouble choosing an appetizer (couldn't decide!) one of servers was unable to describe the dishes (we had 2-3 servers that night). He also seemed rather disinterested in them. I ended up going with the artichoke salad and my friend went with the smoked herring. We enjoyed the apps. We ordered the sea bass and the halibut (which was a market special that night, I believe) and my fish was cooked perfectly. The food came out hot, it was fabulous, and everything was pretty much perfection with my entree. Very, very good with an obvious high standard. The food was timed well so that we didn't sit too long between courses but still had time to talk and relax. 

The dessert left something to be desired, however. On the servers recommendation (different server this time!), I went with the profiterole and it was kind of awful. Way too rich, the pastry was very dry and it was just a huge mess of melted chocolate. Not good. I wish I'd chosen a different dessert. 

I would absolutely return to Cafe Boulud. Overall, the servers were friendly and the food was excellent. Not outstanding but definitely excellent. There's room for improvement here but I can see this becoming one of Toronto's most popular fine dining restaurants. The prices are reasonable and the cocktails are good. I'm happy they have a glass of pink Moet on the menu (my favourite) which is rare to offer by the glass. 

I give this place 4 stars. Hopefully next time my dessert will be better and it will be 5 stars.笑
The Boeuf Bourguignon was dry and hard to swallow but the frozen yogurt ice-cream is really nice. What I liked the most is the service. The servers and manger are super nice.笑
French veneer without the flair, at least not with our menu picks. We went for Summerlicious since we had never eaten there before and it's a great way to explore new places. The menu posted on the Summerlicious site was what intrigued me. The menu in the restaurant, however, was not the same. To be fair, the difference was marginal. But it limited what I felt like eating without resorting to the regular menu (which was tempting, but not the point of our visit). 

We were also both avoiding fish that night since we had our fill the last couple of days, which further limited our choices. Hubby had the iceberg lettuce salad and I had the terrine to start. I'm not a fan of iceberg lettuce but I have to say it was salted right and the textures were good. The terrine was ok. Hard to screw up terrine. And not the original terrine advertised.

My partner ordered the bavette, which was nicely prepared and full of flavour. Unfortunately my linguini dish was probably the worst ever. The pasta was too al dente, and I have no idea what was going on with the sauce because it didn't seem to match the description on the menu and was devoid of any flavour. It was like a watery, salty, buttery sauce with a few summer vegetables thrown in. 

Desserts were frozen peach soufflé and chocolate cake. Chocolate cake was a definite winner. Frozen peach soufflé sounds fancier than it is; we thought they mistakenly brought us a sorbet.

I have had authentic and reasonably priced French food many times, and this place misses both marks. Maybe it's because it's in a hotel and visitors don't know any better? Or maybe the effort was not on Summerlicious, which is an opportunity to draw people in and get them to come back. We will not be going back. 

Note: High marks go to the waiter for being concerned about my pasta and offering us a digestif as I was not interested in waiting for something else to be prepared.笑
We went for Summerlicious lunch on a Saturday. Booking process was smooth. The hotel and restaurant decor is impressive. Modern and chic. Restaurant was bright and airy, not at all stuffy. Staff at the restaurant were courteous. We had the salad and chicken galantine for appetizers. Beautiful presentation, and the taste was good. Mains were even better. Again the presentation was impressive. The fish and steak were really well executed. Cooked to perfection. Flavours were exquisite. We both ordered the passion fruit sundae for dessert and it was so delicious! Just the right balance between tart and sweetness. And it had a mixture of different textures so that each bite was exciting. I am so glad I got to try this place with the Summerlicious promotion. Can't wait to come back again, I wouldn't mind paying full price for this quality.笑
My husband and I went for Winterlicious, and over the years, we've come to have low expectations for the food and service during Winterlicious. However, the service was excellent. Great ambiance, prefect for a date night.

I asked for a gluten and dairy free meal and they were willing to accommodate me, which many Winterlicious restaurants don't. The lamb was delicious. They tried to substitute the yogurt sauce for a red pepper sauce, and sadly I'm also allergic to peppers, but they were so kind in getting out a new dish quickly. The manager also came over to check on the food and the new dish. As someone with food intolerance, I give big pluses to restaurants who are not only willing to accommodate us, but do it without makinh you feel bad or like you're causing lots of trouble. They were excellent with that.

The charcuterie plate and sorbet dessert were average. We would return to try their regular menu rather than being limited to the Winterlicious menu. 

Two people with the Winterlicious menu and two drinks came to about $130 after tax, before tip.笑
Everything about this restaurant was so terrible that it warrants a review. Firstly, my sister accidentally made reservations for 4 instead of 6,  so when we got there they could not accommodate the actual number of people at the time. They told us to wait 20 minutes, which is fine. But the 20 minutes turned into an hour legit. If it was going to be an hour wait, then TELL US THAT instead of generously offering us to wait at the lounge and offer us "something to drink"  while we wait. We're hungry and have somewhere to be. 

Once we got inside and finally ordered our food, it took legit 45 minutes to receive our orders. And boy is the food terrible. Each person at our table got a different dish,  and not one dish was good. I got the ragu that I forced myself to finish. Steak was salty as hell. Chicken was bland. Everyone was so disappointed and it was definitely  not worth the wait. 

Oh, also, the restaurant looks like a diner on the inside. The hotel is absolutely beautiful, but I'm surprised that such a garbage restaurant actually exists inside it. 

My advice- don't go here. The food is disgusting. Worst French food ever.笑
Special Occasion dinner tonight and we went off-script, ordering from the regular and Winterlicious menu and starting rather than ending with cheese.

This is a lovely restaurant. Excellent service. Relaxed vibe. It's a dress up or nice jeans and nice shirt kind of place. Cozy nook for the three of us. They were great with my kid's egg allergy.

We had:
Chablis
Fresh bread - slightly warm and really delicious butter
Cheese plate - Quebec cheeses of raw blue, triple cream and hard goat with perfect bread crisps
French fries - which they brought out first for my kid. Truffle salted I am sure
Leek soup - velvety and perfect on a cold night
Mini charcuterie - interesting and worth having again
Beef bourgignon - good but maybe not a repeat
10 oz striploin - excellent and wow I wanted more of the salad given that amazing dressing. I ate a few fries, great, but not my thing.
Coupe cafe ...
Grapefruit Givre - this was perfectly refreshing and downright fun!

Based on what I ate it would be 5/5, but based on the others at 3/5, I'm giving it a solid four.笑
Came here for the 3-course winterlicious meal and was very impressed. Had the venison pate, the braised beef shin, and the caramelized pear sundae. I found the venison pate slightly bland (could've used more sauce), although appropriately light as an appetizer. The braised beef shin was scrumptious yet elegant, and was large enough to satiate my hunger. Similar to my experience at Boulud Sud in New York, the highlight of the meal was the dessert. The ice cream was among the best I've ever had, and complementary components provided great balance across textures and flavour profiles. To top it all off, service and ambiance were top notch.笑
Excellent restaurant dans le haut de gamme du quartier Yorkville. Cuisine pleine d'imagination, service impeccable, un chef très sympathique et une attention particulière aux désirs et souhaits de la clientèle.笑
For a "high end" restaurant, the service seemed rushed and the food not up to par for the price tag

Terrine: nice texture and taste. Radish could have provided more contrast to the palate. 
Scallops: perfectly cooked but arrived warm at best. Only lightly seared on one side and the flavours bunched together rather than worked together. 

Salmon: cooked well but lacking some flavour. Didn't strike as a "wow" dish 
"Pot au feu": beef cubes were ok in flavour, strips were better but were tougher cuts to chew (although nicely pink).

Desserts were the highlight!
Pear chocolate: good mix of flavours here 
Apple sundae: my fav, the apple and cinnamon ice creams were delicious with the sauce and other ingredients. 

Not sure if they gave cheaper cuts of meat, if it was intended to be cooked that way, or they were just busy but overall the apps and mains wouldn't bring me back.  Could be because we were there for Winterlicious 2015 but aren't they supposed to show off and attract new clientele?笑
This is a review based on an interaction with one of the managers. He was a French man, I'm not sure what his name was. I went for an interview for a job here, and having an "overqualified" resume, he was belittling and came off as very rude. He also seems like a tyrannical manager - he was saying his staff has to be present at work whenever he says so. I feel bad for the staff that works here! Definitely won't ever dine here, and better avoid!笑
This does NOT compare to the NYC restaurant in any way. We had a group reservation but still waited an hour to be seated. It's been two hours of waiting and as we sit here we still don't have our main courses. Service is incredibly slow. I would not come back to this location EVER again. I can't say how disappointed I am with the service at this place. My experiences in NYC were so much better. Shame on Daniel Boulud for running such a horrible place here in Toronto. Don't come here!  I am embarrassed that I brought guests to this place!笑
Very underwhelming.  Was excited to try this place after having eatin at the one in nyc. So dissappointing.  Ordered the frenchtoast and heuvos rancheros, which are our go to dishes when out for brunch. Both very poorly executed. The french toast was so dry and unappealing. Sad, really wanted to like this place. Funny, best french toast ive had in this city was at a burger joint! Bareburger笑
Last week, we had the Winterlicious Set Menu. This is the first time dining here since the renovation and it was scrumptious. We ordered the Tuna Tartare, Mushroom Soup, Gigot of Lamb, Bouillabaisse, Warm Madeleines and Berry Sundae. The food came at a quick pace and we did not have to wait too long. The floor was busy and there was not a lot of people supporting our server so our service was lacking. The Gigot was overcooked and so we asked for the Chestnut Cavatelli instead. They did not hesitate at all and sent it speedily. Overall, my husband and I enjoyed the meal and will return. This is one of the few restaurants during Winterlicious that is not a total disappointment or impossible to book.笑
Went to Cafe Boulud for Summerlicious and this is my first time dining in this restaurant.  It is located inside the Four Seasons Hotel and  I like the fact that there is a Green P parking garage right across the hotel so there is no worries for finding parking.

As I walked to the restaurant located on the 2nd floor via the hotel hallway, I find all the decors are very modern and stylish. We were there early and were being seated immediately. 

We ordered the Crispy Duck Egg as an extra appetizer from the regular menu as I have seen lots of good review about this. The duck egg is nicely presented and tastes pretty good but I wasn't blown away by it. 

From the Summerlicious menu, we ordered the Albacore Tuna Tartar, Terrine of Lamb Leg, Cumbrae Beef Brisket, B.C Pink Salmon, Strawberry & Rhubarb Sundae, Caramel Chocolate & Mango Sundae and Chocolate Tarte.  Most of the dishes are good but nothing to rave about.  

However, I am very impressed with the Cumbrae Beef Brisket.  Initially I though the texture of the beef was a bit dry, but as I started to combine the beef brisket slices with the grilled watermelon. kimchi and black sesame sauce on the plate, the magic begin to play. For this dish, I have to give it a 4 star.笑
Came here for brunch. Server was extremely polite. I got a croissant, bread basket, and egg + short ribs. Everything was extremely tasty. I'll def be back for their fresh toast next time!笑
This is my favourite date night/casual splurge spot! 

I've been here for summerlicious, winterlicious, brunch, dinner, etc. and they have never disappointed. 

Before I get to the food, let me just say that they have the best service. I've never had an empty glass, nor a dirty plate on my table for more than a minute. They were incredibly friendly and didn't push to get another bottle of wine and anything like that. 

Now, in terms of the food. It's great! From their epic charcuterie board, beef tartare, boudin blanc, crispy duck, soufflé, madeleines, etc. I've never been disappointed. I think some people forget the fact that the man who owns this restaurant is a legendary, 3 Michelin star chef.

If you want to impress your significant other or have some leftover from your bonus, definitely head to Cafe Boulud.笑
Had such a great time here this past weekend. 

We ordered the Canadian oysters, fries and Beignets de Calamar to share and everything was fantastic.  The ambiance was great with both the waitress and the bartender taking special care to make sure everything was to our liking.  The waitress was also very knowledgeable about the food she was serving us and explained how the sauces were made.  The view was great and the decor was perfect for the space. 

The drinks (our main focus) were delicious! The led zeppelin was great and the other drink i ordered was the most beautful cocktail i have ever been served (cant remeber the name sorry!)笑
This review is specific to Summerlicious 2016

I am inexperienced with premium dining experiences. Nevertheless, I ventured to try Cafe Boulud with a group of friends tor Summerlicious.

I ordered the duck pastry for my appetizer, salmon for the main and the raspberry shorbert for dessert.  The appetizer was ok, I loved my dessert, and would rate my salmon dish above average.  Plating and presentation on all the food was very good and service was very attentive.  I enjoyed the overall experience, just found the place to be still pricey desptie it being Summerlicious. 

Cafe Boloud is definitely a high end restaurant.  They have high quality food for a steep price.  They are a bit out of my price range but I would recommend this place if you are ok with spending a lot of money for good food.

Food 3.5 / 5.0
Service 4.0 / 5.0
Price 1.5 / 5.0
Decor  3.5 / 5.0

Overall 3.1 / 5.0笑
Have the dinner during the Winterlicious . But we received more than we expected. Not only package, but a well designed set including some treats not showing on the menu. The food is decent and the service is attentive. Impressed by the whole wall of wine in our room. Really worthy the value.笑
I had a chance to get together with some good-food loving friends. In the past we've gone to Momofuku Daisho (Which I reviewed here: https://www.yelp.com/biz/momofuku-daisho-toronto?hrid=g79ccESqS2QPqeTfKwOtlA). Having had the pleasure of having eaten at the New York location of Cafe Boulud (reviewed here: https://www.yelp.com/biz/momofuku-daisho-toronto?hrid=g79ccESqS2QPqeTfKwOtlA) I thought it would be fun to try the Toronto location.

You know how it is - you suggest a place you loved, then you worry if its going to be good? I needn't have worried, Cafe Boulud Toronto was just as lovely and the food just as amazing as the NYC restaurant.

When the restaurant called to confirm the reservation, I mentioned I had been at the New York location. The hostess and I laughed and joked that I had expectations.When we arrived, we were given what has to be the loveliest seat in the house - a round banquet in the corner, overlooking Toronto on Yorkville Ave. It was just magnificent.

For appetizers we had Potage Saint Germain (pea soup), pate' en crute, escargot and salad nicoise. Everything was delicious, but the soup was declared winner.

For dinner, I had the pork belly, which practically cut itself. One companion tried the Quenelles - I loved the consistency, but do not like anise, with which it was flavored. She loved it, however. One companion had the duck confit and the other steak frites, so we covered all the French meat bases. ^_^

None of us had room for dessert, so we shared the profiteroles, which came in a glassy chocolate gelatin dome that was melted away with hot chocolate sauce and the Rhubarb Pavlova. It was both fun and a lovely end to a lovely meal.

This is my third experience with Cafe Boulud now and I would not hesitate to recommend them for a special evening out.笑
My anniversary dinner at Cafe B was a bust.  Toronto once again professes greatness and disappoints.  First of all, the service is deplorable. We were never asked by either of the concierges at the entrance of the restaurant nor anyone else "So what brings you to our fine establishment this evening?"  We found ourselves waiting: waiting for a server to approach the table (3-5 minutes), waiting for menus, orders to be taken, food to arrive (lots of bus persons so nothing stayed on the table too long - reminded me of the poor service at O  & B restaurants where I will never set foot inside again).  We both commented that we still have no idea the name of our server.   Come on Toronto, introduce yourselves, we won't bite.  

The table placements were so close you could not have a private conversation.  As we sat down, a pretentious couple insisted they knew us from somewhere (no I am sure not) and preceded to chat up what appeared to be a waiter, not sure as there was no dress code in the place so couldn't tell who was whom and the patrons in jeans and T-shirts made it feel like a corner pub. This one guy (waiter/host/whatever) with a wide grey striped suit looked like a candy stripper from a local hospital but in black and white movie.  He was gossiping with this couple telling each other about a movies stars' hair they was the color of the table top, while they killed time before a party they had to attend.  YAWN

The ambiance was that of a bar with the din of the D bar one floor below the loft which was the restaurant.  The muzak was something between tribal drumming and 80's disco beat one a repetitive cycle.  The wire mesh curtains covering the massive 4 story windows kept getting blown askew every time someone entered the bar from the street side entrance - poor design just like the entrance to the hotel from the architecturally designed wind tunnel of an entrance. Unbelievable what architects have created and continue to create in this city.

Before I get to the food was mediocre at best, let me talk about the menu.  My partner commented that I was taking a lot of time figuring out what I wanted to eat.  The restaurant, in its attempt to be "classy" created these random divisions of choices.  I had no idea what was a salad, a main or an appetizer.  Confusing your dinner guests is definitely not a great way to start any evening.  The host said something to my partner while I read the "wine book" but I had no idea what she had said.  Not sure if she assumed I could hear over the noise of the bar wafting aloft into the dining area.

Best part of dinner, my partners' chocolate volcano cake - called something else but simple chocolate volcano cake.  My fish dish was served by pouring a green sauce over the beans in the bowel on which set this piece of ling cod that looked like it had been coated with grass clipping from a recent mowing of a nearby park.  With the addition of the sauce it looked like an algae pond, not appetizing at all.

Not sure how this cafe, the only restaurant in this 4 or 5 star hotel (not sure if it has 4 even) got placed here.  I've had better service and conversation at Flo's and the food was appetizing and appealing to look at..  And what's with the over priced wine and the wine "book"?  Come on people, no wine by the glass cost $28 for a 4 ounce glass.  Just got back from NYC where $12 get you a full glass of good quality vino.  Ugh!  Toronto you are no New York.  And the waiter brought the 28 dollar bottle, when I had wanting to try the 15 dollar bottle, pushing the pricey stuff?

Needless to say, we were extremely disappointed. We had considered the Shangri La but opted for the Four Seasons.  Big mistake, big disappointment.  Don't waste you time or money unless you want to say you've eaten there more then once, like the pretentious couple we met.  Hard to give it even 1 star and felt bad for my partner on our anniversary.笑
Amazing food, we visited during the Winterliscious festival and the food was too good to be real. We loved the ambiance, the service (we had to wait, but it was worth the wait)笑
I initially went to Cafe Boulud when it first opened but held off on my review as I wanted to give it another chance. Located in the new modern/swanky Four Seasons hotel, Cafe Boulud is quite chic, with interesting colorful art work and velvety couches. I like the open-space concept and the modern china. 

We had the brunch prix fixe ($38 for two courses) which includes tea/coffee/freshly squeezed juice. There are quite a few options to choose from--I had a hard time deciding! I suppose there is something for everyone whether you want savoury or sweet. I went with the berry muesli and the french toast. The berry muesli was delicious. The presentation was beautiful, but my French toast was more like thick pancakes than actual French toast. So confusing. Which brings me to the service---very mediocre. They brought our juices 15 minutes late, messed up our latte order and were just awkward altogether. The coffee is nothing to rave about.笑
Had a great evening with excellent service! Had steak tartare, escargots, Cobb salad with ahi tuna, steak frites, madeleines and a baked Alaska. Baked Alaska had a beautiful presentation and everything was well flavoured. There was one baked Alaska that was still frozen in the centre, when we showed our server they promptly replaced it with a new one that was perfect. Wish they had a to-go cafe where I can grab a bag of Madeleines for the road.笑
For a world-renown brand synonymous with Daniel Boulud and the Four Seasons, I would have expected better.  I dined here last night with a party of 7.  

I found the service to be quite slow (albiet the restaurant was quite busy for a Tuesday night).  We waited a good 15 minutes before our waiter came across to take our drink order - he was nowhere in sight before this point.  It took another 15 minutes before our drinks arrived and before he took our order.  Again, nowhere in sight before this - could not find him nor make eye contact prior to this point.  Strike one.

When the waiter finally came around again, I placed my order only to find out the restaurant had run out of two menu items (lobster and fish).  I can understand how a small restaurant might have this issue but hellooo...this is Cafe Boulud in the Four Seasons - how is this acceptable?  Since they didn't have my menu item, I told the waiter to take everyone else's order and come back around to me.  Well...the waiter completely forgot about me and left the table without taking my order...so I had to chase him down!  Strike two.

I had oysters for appetizer which was delicious.  Our mains followed - my colleague had sliced steak but as the server was putting down the plate, a piece rolled and fell onto the table.  He apologized and took a knife and fork to try to pick it up and put it back on the plate.  He lifted it up but slipped and it fell on the table again.  Keep in mind there were only 4 pieces of steak....so basically 25% of the dish was a goner.  They never offered to take the plate back to the kitchen.  Strike three.

I had pasta in clam sauce with truffles - found the pasta to be too soft, a bit like Chinese noodles.  Dessert was the best part of the meal - a thinly sliced apple tart with ice cream.

Overall - service was meh.  Food was meh.笑
This is a late post from Winterlicious 2016. I had the tartare de thon (bigeye tuna) with red pepper coulis, cilantro, tonnato sauce. Then the saffron and fennel bouillabaisse. And dessert was the savarin with baba au rum, mango, pineapple crème, and chantilly. 

Overall, it was a pleasant meal. Nothing extraordinarily spectacular. I would visit again for a night out.笑
I struggled between giving this place a 3 or 4. 

Here's why:

1. I called to make a reservation because open table for was down. The hostess that answered was very nice and asked if I was coming for a special occasion. I was taking my friend here for her bday so I was impressed she asked and made a note of it.

2. Place and ambience is beautiful. The bar looked stunning. The restaurant is classy and elegant. 

3. The server was helpful in making recommendations and letting us know that there was only one fish left for evening. It was a great recommendation!

4. We ordered:


PÂTÉ  17.
duck, figs 
- pate was cold, which wasn't what I expected
- pate tasted good with the fig jam
- nothing too special
- would recommend trying something else
- B

CONFIT DE CANARD  34.
slow-cooked duck, périgord style
sautéed potato, parsley salad
- potatoes were dipped in butter and tasted delicious.
- duck was a bit dry for my liking, but my friend loved it.
- B+

Fish: $40
- amazing! As recommended, top notch quality and cooked just right.
- A+

Baked Alaska $21

- different from other baked alaska's Ive had, but very good. Less cake, more ice cream I found
- a waitress comes and lights the marshmallow top on fire, which was super cool to see. Definitely a cool bday cake!
- she serves it to us as well 
- I tasted each layer of the ice cream
- A+

Dip coffee: $5 per 

- very expensive and didn't taste that great

5. while the server was nice and knowledgeable, I found him a bit pushy. He came up to us the moment I sat down and asked if we wanted champagne. I felt obligated to say yes because it was my friend's bday. Secondly, he kept asking if we wanted the special appetizer even when we said we didn't want it. They didn't give any freebies for my friend's bday. 

Overall the food was a 3.5 for me. It was expensive and I didn't really feel It was worth the price we paid.  I spent over $200 for 2 people. I think there's over places that are better for this price. Service is a 4 for me!笑
I visited Cafe Boulud this morning for a Sunday breakfast meeting with a client. Located inside the Four Seasons in the heart of Yorkville, our expectations were high. Having visited the Four Seasons on several occasions before, these expectations have always been met. But this visit, as I'm sure you can anticipate from my 1/5 star rating, did not meet these expectations - so much so in fact, that I felt the need to share this experience with the Yelp community.

When you visit the Four Seasons, you expect to pay a premium price, because you expect to receive premium service. This is not simply my high standards, but it is the service standard that the Four Seasons has set out for themselves, and the only reason that any sane person would chose to pay their premium prices. If you visit the company's website, you can find their clearly defined Service Culture. "We have chosen to specialize within the hospitality industry by offering only experiences of exceptional quality." I strive to provide my clients experiences of exceptional quality as well, so it seems fitting that I would choose the Four Seasons to have a breakfast meeting.
http://www.fourseasons.com/about_four_seasons/service-culture/

I arrived at the restaurant at 9:55am for a 10am meeting, in order to arrive slightly ahead of my client - one step to ensuring that I provide my client with an all around 5 star experience. As I was shown to my table by the hostess, she mentioned that I could have the table only until 11am, and that at 11 the bar downstairs would open, and that I should plan to vacate the table by that time. Immediately put off by this information, I asked why, and was informed that they were expecting 300 guests to arrive at 11am for brunch. I decided to wait for my client to arrive so that I could discuss this with her, and together we would decide whether or not to stay for breakfast. When my client arrived, the hostess showed her into the cafe, and when she saw that this was my guest, she informed her too that we would need to leave by 11am. My guest too was clearly put off by this, but wanted to stay. I decided to bring it up with our waiter, who agreed that the restaurant usually gets busy for Sunday brunch, but that this is not the way  to address it with the clients. 

From that point forward, every action by every employee made it evident that they were silently going to try and hold us to that timeline. The waiter returned only seconds later to take our order, before we'd even had time to pick up our menus. Our food arrived quickly, and missing items from the order were brought out immediately when I mentioned them. Not far behind the delivery of the food was the person who busses the tables, ready to take our half consumed meals from the table. And, sure enough/not surprisingly, not long after that, our bill was delivered to the table. At about 11:25, the waiter came over to our table and with a proud smirk on his face said to me "See, we were able to accommodate you past 11am", as if to point out that he'd done me some huge favour. 

I am disgusted. I have no problem paying $97 for a basic breakfast for 2 (I had oatmeal and my client had an omelette), however, I could have enjoyed the same food with better service for a fraction of the price anywhere else. I chose the Four Seasons for an "exceptional quality" experience, and they simply failed to deliver. 

For the record, as we were leaving, I took notice of at least 4 tables for 2 in our immediate area which were vacant - evidently the Sunday brunch crowd missed their calling, and the cafe wasn't as busy as they had anticipated.笑
Went to the restaurant for Winterlicious 2015. Bad decision!

Appetizers
- Guinea Fowl Terrine... tasted like it came from a can of SPAM
- Scallops... cooked well, however there was no flavour

Entrees
- Salmon... cook was extremely heavy handed with the salt. the fillet and the broth were far too salty
- Bone Marrow... flavourless. This cook didn't believe in salt

After the appetizer, we then wait for an hour without any mention of our dessert.
When we ask our server, he advises that there was a large party in attendance, and our dessert has been overlooked.

He promptly got us the dessert, however it was accompanied by the bill.

Dessert
- chocolate mousse... dry
- Coconut Sundae... only decent dish of the night

Needless to say, unimpressed with the restaurant.  After the $120 spent on dinner, we went to McDonald's... the $10 Big Mac meal was a delight compared to the horrible food we received from Cafe Boulud笑
My meal here was phenomenal. From the wine to the desert. The service was excellent too.

Cafe boulud changes its menu daily, I hope these recommendations are helpful: 
We started with the foi gras appetizer -5/5
I had the duck confit - 5/5 omg this is the best duck confit I've ever had.
Husband had the flat iron steak which was excellent. At first it was overdone but they brought out another one right away.

For desert we had the baked Alaska. I've never had this before, it was so delicious and also a fun presentation.

We ended the evening with a glass of champagne. 

I will definitely be back and highly recommend Cafe boulud.笑
Had the New Years Eve dinner and it was excellent. Each course was delicious and amount was not overwhelming. The room is comfortable and pleasant. Service was friendly and attentive. Great overall experience.笑
4/5! Fantastic for Sunday brunch after a morning at the spa. Recommend the mushroom pizza flat bread or crispy duck egg to start. For mains- the eggs or sausage options are great! Only drawback is that you are limited to options on the pre-fixe menu! Amazing service and good option for large groups笑
I was feeling a little richer than usual so I decided to treat myself to a dinner at Cafe Boulud. Having been my first time to this restaurant or The Four Seasons for that matter I didn't necessarily know what to expect. 

The restaurant itself is located on the second floor of the hotel (right above the bar located in the restaurant too). The general ambience of the restaurant is nice, and quite modern too; almost along the same lines as The Keg. Having said that, for the price point this restaurant sits at, I would expect a more "quieter" environment as it does get quite noisy due to the fact that it is above the bar. 

The service and staff are all very professional and nice, definitely up to par with other higher end restaurants. The staff is more than willing to suggest and help you with the menu offerings if French isn't your strong suit (the menu items are all listed in French). 

To start I had the "SOUPE A L'OIGNON" ($18) and without trying to sound too aggressive, it was probably the best French Onion Soup I have ever had, it wasn't loaded with cheese, or overly salty. It was actually quite light and very enjoyable. 

For my main I had the POULET À LA BROCHE" ($31), and without (once again) trying to sound too aggressive, this was probably the best Rotisserie Chicken I have ever had, it was not dry at all unlike some places I have been to *cough* Swiss Chalet *cough*. Dryness (or moistness) aside it was full of flavour and I didn't find it to be bland at all. 

For dessert I had "SLOW ROASTED APPLE" ($12), while it was very good, it was relatively  basic at the same time and wouldn't necessarily recommend this part of my meal to anyone.

At the end of it all I paid roughly $75 for myself, based on what I had I would say the price was definitely justifiable and I would come here again 100%.笑
When you hear Daniel Boulud you expect top notch quality and this is what I received. We went to celebrate my partners birthday and knew prior to arriving what we were having - the whole rotisserie chicken with potatoes and two sides. Why? because they use the rotisol machine - google it. 

We decided for the sides to get the mushrooms and asparagus. The waiter brought out the chicken to show us how it looked before they cut it nicely and remove the bones, which had I known I would have asked that they keep the bones as I'm a fan :) 

Everything was presented beautifully - the chicken was so moist filled with flavour and the potatoes WOW- clearly they were sitting in the juices of the chickens that were roasting. The asparagus and mushrooms although it may sound plain - they were packed with flavour. 

Overall, a great experience as always and I must say for $68 you receive a lot of food for a 5 star dining experience.笑
We went for brunch and it was wonderful. The selection of courses are well chosen and the service is really good. It's probably the best steak tartare I've ever had. 

The room can get loud as it fills up, that's the only downside to the restaurant.笑
We there for dinner in Feb 2016.
The particular dining area is a bit dated in terms of its decor. The upholstery could get a touch up.
It is a cozy restaurant, with everyone seated pretty close by. We could literally hear/eat from/see the bill/ know everything happening at both tables on our left and right sides. So we had to make sure that we talk in a language other than english to keep our conversation among ourselves. We ordered food from the winterlicious dinner menu. Go there for the experience, not the food. The mushroom soup we ordered as appetizer was the best. The main course and the dessert were bad. The food is really not their highlight.  Overall, excluding the food, it was a fun experience for us. The coat check at the entrance was wonderful and the people there were really polite.笑
The food at brunch was pretty good. However we had a reservation at 2:30 and were very rushed to order because they said the kitchen was closing. Why would you allow a reservation at that time and then rush people?
Also they took away my pancakes while I was in the washroom and my friends asked them to bring  it back and they literally put it on a dirty plate that had egg yolks smeared on it. So I can only imagine that they scraped it into a bin then picked up a random dirty plate and brought it back. It looked so gross. They could have said it was already gone or simply put it on a clean plate.笑
I really like the atmosphere  there. Very nice restaurant and great service. 

However, the food is only okay. 

i were disappointed at the starter-

Entries were okay. We ordered the black truffle chicken  and lamb. They were good, but small portion. Nothing is outstanding i guess. 

With the similar price you pay, you can have better food. 

Our Bill for 2 people is around $180. 

I dont think i will go back if i need to pay my own bill :P笑
Good food, beautiful room, shockingly bad service. 

I can withstand incompetent service or unfriendly service, but not both. Unfortunately at Cafe Boulud that's just what we received. Don't want to get into too much, but there are expectations you are entitled to have when you go to a restaurant of this price point/level, and mine were not met. Slow service, disappearing server seemingly unwilling to describe menu/wine list options, oy vey. Funny thing was that there is an army of manager dudes (all dudes) walking around in suits and not one came by over the almost 3 hours (!) to ask if everything was ok. 

The did give us free dessert because it was both my and my mother's birthday, so that was nice. The food was good, but I definitely would've enjoyed it more had the service been anywhere approaching what one should expect when paying a decent amount of money to experience a good meal at a nice restaurant.  Also the tacky electronic music filters up from the aptly named "D Bar." OOF.笑
After going to White to see some dresses, I decided to take my bridesmaids and MOH for dinner - we had just found the dress and celebrations were in order. 

I really wanted to go to DBar for something more modern, young, and lively but for a Thursday night at 8pm, the place was packed and looked like a club!!! Loud dance music was blaring out and I found it weird that this music could be heard anywhere from the hotel. 

Café Boulud is directly above so first impressions were you can't really have a quiet meal because you have techno music blasting from below. "Fine Dining" turned trashy club.

Positives:

1. Lots of goodies brought before your actual dinner. The bread was delish and this cheese biscuit thing was oh so good. I could have had a larger portion of those.
2. The menu is quite varied and I was so excited to try the Truffle Risotto. Not sure if this is a seasonal dish, but this was FANTASTIC! Lots of truffle shavings and the risotto had the consistency of creamed polenta. I actually prefer my risotto to be on the creamier side and this dish did not fail. You can order appetizer or main portion - I almost wish I ordered the regular sized because I devoured this dish in no time.
3. Great wine list selection, although, very expensive. Nothing less than $90? I splurged and ordered An Amarone della Valpolicella which was ugh...in the three digits but it was yummyyyyyy

Kind of a let down:

Service. We had a sommelier pour us our wine plus 3 different waiters clearing and bringing our plates and the main waiter. I can't fault the additional waiters as they did their jobs. One even obliged by taking lots of pictures for us! Our main waiter, although courteous and offered lots of suggestions in the beginning, was MIA for pretty much the whole dinner. The biggest no-no of the night was when our water glasses remain unfilled and I had to ask him to please bring more water. Really, a sign of a good restaurant is glasses (water and wine) always filled. We also had to fetch him for the bill. Not sure if he had other larger (and more $$$ tables), but buddy, I just ordered $150 bottle of wine.

The music. Not Café Boulud's fault but because it's open concept, you can hear the clubbing from below at DBar. Sort of ruins the fancy-ness of the place. 

I would come here again, but hoping we get a more personable and attentive waiter. Would love to try their brunch and other dinner menu items.笑
Been several times now for both breakfast and dinner. Food is good but phenomenally over priced for what it is. The ambience in the place is horrible, I always feel like I am in a cafeteria of some sort. The service has been hit and miss, usually miss unfortunately.

I keep wanting to love this place but I just don't get it. Won't be returning anytime soon.笑
The food was what fine, nothing extraordinary but it was good.

Appetizers were standard with any other restaurant at this price range. The meats on the charcuterie board were very basic and nonetheless unimpressing, while the tuna tartar seemed to be the better of the two it is still nothing special. The gigot d'agneau was the star of the dinner, with the meat falling right off the bones; cooked to perfection. Everything in the lamb dish just melded together and eggplant with the parsley salad brought perfect balance to the dish. 

I would say that their desserts are nothing too spectacular, but it wasn't bad either. The desserts just aren't worth the money though, I'd recommend dinner here with dessert somewhere else!

Service at Cafe Boulud was exceptional and even if the waiters/waitress don't give a shit about you, they seem to be very good at making you feel like they do ! :] We were well taken cared of and overall the dining experience there wasn't far off from the price.笑
Came here for a friend's birthday party. The food was absolutely amazing. Out of a tasting menu, I ordered the seared foie gras appetizer, the sirloin entree and the hazelnut banana split dessert. The foie gras was the fattiest I've ever had.. delicious.. instant melt in your mouth. The steak had sugar cube sized bits of bone marrow on top (6-8pieces) which highlighted this dish for me. The steak was very soft and cooked to medium rare as I requested.. but I would order rare next time. The dessert's presentation was nice but I wasn't satisfied.. super plain, nothing out of the ordinary. Overall a great dining experience and would come here again!笑
Along with the common negative things every reviewer would complain about at such establishments like portion size, over priced menu, and snobby staff (which were all pleasant here) I have to say that there was very little I actually wanted to try on the menu. The lobster was sold out by dinner - shame. Struggled to find anything I wanted to try. The waitress forgot my salad. I never mentioned it as by the time my main came out and I tasted how horrible it was, I decided I'm ready to leave. It didn't show up on the bill so I let it go. Staff was not particularly friendly which one expects at places like this. I got the shrimp as my main for $29 (I think) and it was literally flavourless shrimp on a bed of leaves. Prior to ordering the waitress had described this dish very differently. This was an incredible let down for $29 I was expecting more flavour at the least. We asked for the bill and my friend asked me (who was visiting from another country) what the lines on the CC slip means? Before I could explain, the waitress came over to explain is a very dry manner. First of all, I was shocked that she was over hearing and was not subtle about it. Secondly, she said its if u are staying there you can bill it to the room - as though we are complete idiots and have never experienced luxury like this 5 star before. As we left I heard a male staff reprimand her for something she had not done. Reception staff was nice. After leaving a dark restaurant do not walk into their bright blinding bathroom. Hold your pee and go home. It was the most obnoxious thing ever only good enough for selfies but after that meal and poor experience coupled with now being blinded - I just wanted to go home. Went to Bosk at Shangrila a few days later and redeemed my hate for such "upscale" restaurants at 5 star hotels. Was giving 4 seasons a 3 star originally but after typing all this and finding my anger resurrected I have reduced it to 2 stars. Would have been 1 had it not been for the valet guys and reception staff being efficient and nice to me!笑
The appetizers came and we were floored. The artichoke salad and veal sweetbread are two of my favourite dishes. Having said that the mains did not live up to the expectations the appetizer had set. The suckling pig although cooked well had awkward flavour combinations which did not suit my palette. The farm chicken also had a weird aftertaste. 

As a pastry chef I understand the need to be creative although incorporating cardamom ice cream to a perfectly baked profiterole broke my heart. I can only imagine people eating this dessert are expecting something much different as the cardamom overpowers every aspect of this dessert.笑
i have mixed thoughts on this place. its good don't get me wrong, but it isn't four seasons good. I went there for both breakfast and dinner. The dinner was much much better than the breakfast. The dinner was good but the service was a tad on the slow side. They didn't have a corkage fee so that is an instant -* . on a side note they have beautiful artwork.笑
Great spot for a quick lunch. If you like octopus, they make a fantastic appetizer, perfectly cooked and unbelievably tender. Charcuterie was also proper. Lobster salad is well conceived with a good portion of lobster to boot. Would definitely come back for more.笑
This was a planned visit for a friend's birthday dinner. We got a call a day before to confirm our reservation, special mention to the person on the phone for being very courteous. Upon arrival the initial impression is nice until one sits down and the music thumping downstairs starts to seep up. Hmm not for everyone specially with some of the guests in our group as they wanted to chat a bit.
I had looked at the menu before hand and wanted to order the yardstick item for a good bistro (steak frites) so ordered the Striploin. Others in the party ordered a flat iron steak and shared a whole chicken for 2. Service was decent from start to finish. 
The chicken was brought table side before being carved, kudos for the beautiful presentation. Now for the main event the steak I ordered it rare and it was cooked to my liking however it was way over salted. The person who had ordered the flat iron steak commented their steak being over salted as well. The frites would have fared better if they were warm because the one's we got were cold. The bernaise sauce on the side was done well. I also tried the chicken and wasn't wowed. 
The saving grace here is the dessert I guess. I really enjoyed the Grapefruit Grive' a complex dessert with a refreshing finish. Sorbet topped with rose flavored turkish halwa, grapefruit jam and sesame seed foam. Wine list though pricey is decent. 
I would have given a low score given the price point but the dessert and the chance sighting of an impossible to locate Yelp Friend (you know who you are :) pushes it up to 3 stars.
Update: Having enjoyed the dessert offerings here. We decided to visit this spot again (mains are forgetabble) as one can even overlook the main and just wait for desserts. 
This was a planned visit with reservations and all as we were a group of 3 and we showed up on the dot. After checking in our coats the wait began and then it went on and on (over 40 min) with the only explanation being they are looking for our table! Unacceptable IMO. The wait was so long that by the time we got our table we had lost our appetite. The desserts again were great (choclate coulant being mediocre) and Rotisserie pineapple being very good and Givre' exceptional like the previous visit. 
I am sure they will get the crowd day in day out being in this location and in a hotel but unless hard pressed I won't be back.笑
I love the place and attend frequently. Their food is fantastic; the burger in particular. Unfortunately I came in on a busy night, and as any reasonable person would expect, high volume compromises quality. The burger was still great, just not as good as prior experiences. They recently replaced their delicious dill cooked fries with frites, bad idea. Frites are served in a larger portion but were rather cold, soggy, and bland. Otherwise, Boulud is top notch笑
Had great company over Thursday dinner. It was a really mixed crowd there. We were thinking back the atmosphere and the patrons were a bit different from Studio Cafe. It didn't feel like a Four Season's dining restaurant, it was a bit laid back casual , perhaps resembling our city and Daniel Boulud's DBGB crossed with NYC Cafe Boulud?

Service was wonderful as expected. A bit of a hiccup when they took my friend's scotch order. They took care of that with ease. I had a really nice glass of their pinot gris. 

We had a 830 seating and it was still rather loud in there. When the crowd gradually left we felt more comfortable talking and enjoying dinner. 

Bread basket - not memorable at all. I miss the old bread basket at Studio Cafe 

We also heard wonderful things about the beet salad but opted to try:
 Crispy duck egg (excellent choice by my friend),
 fluke ceviche (I will not order this again, the fluke should be finely sliced or diced in smaller portion. This bigger portion have it more of the fleshy texture that bothered me that needed more seasoning)
rabbit porchetta (inice!)

Main
Poulet Vinaigre - it was lovely! I rather had the stuffed leg than the chicken breast at the end. 
Lamb - I forgot to ask my friend if he liked the belly part. The eggplant garnish was simple and refreshing (pickled perhaps?)

Dessert
I think my friend had a coconut pinapple dessert of some sort ... he devoured it.
I had the wild cranberry vacherin. It was amazing and light! I was so happy with it. love the bit of tartness and the meringue consistency was just right for this dish! I bit of crispy texture from a sheet of cold syrup. 

Too bad about the fluke and we didn't know what to expect with the atmosphere, simply found it a bit difficult to talk int he beginning. The service was great (as expected).笑
You really can't go wrong with anything here.  I travel to Toronto frequently and end up eating here since its located right in my hotel. I've ventured to outside restaurants in Yorkville but the consistency of Boulud makes me opt to stay in most times.

Breakfast:
Smoked Salmon and Scrambled eggs for something hearty, great with the chives
Yogurt Parfait for something light

Lunch:
Lobster salad - amazing
Gazpacho

Dinner: 
Anything Cod - it's always done well.
Duo of Cumbrae Beef - delicious and not too big, oddly really liked asparagus custard 

Passable: Galantine de Volaille.. I still don't really know what this is, other than it wasn't for me.笑
This is the place to go to if you're feeling fancy and want to eat deliciously made food. There is a good possibility you will see someone famous since it is located in the newly built Four Seasons Hotel (I ran into Tony Parker). But celebrity sightings come at a price.  This Sunday brunch is a 2 course meal at $42 a pop including fresh juice, coffee and tea. Choose from 9 menu items for the first course and 11 items for the second course. A mimosa or caesar will cost you $12. 

For the first course, I tried the buttermilk biscuits which were melt in your mouth fantastic and the chacuterie board. You can never go wrong with cured meats, cheese, pate and pickles veggies. Although it still doesn't beat other meat boards in the city.

For the second course, get the poached eggs which come with zucchini fritters and salad with a dill dressing. This dish had a great mixed of flavours but was still very light and refreshing. If you're look for something a bit heavier I recommend the duck confit hash.

I absolutely love the decor. Your eyes will feast on colourful graffeti-like artwork of Kate Moss,  Madonna and others.

Service here was impeccable as expected. The lady beside me complained about how her poached eggs were cooked and they quickly offered to make her new dish.  The manager even personally came to apologise and removed it from her bill.

The experience was great but it was one of the most expensive brunches I had in Toronto for 2 people.  Probably will come back again but will save it for special occasions.笑
Cafe Boulud is located in the Four Seasons. D bar is located downstairs and Cafe Boulud is on the upper level. The restaurant has lots of interesting art work though out. 

Service was attentive, and staff  was polite. The meal was solid but not amazing. I had the tuna tartar which was probably the best part of the meal. There was green beans, potatoes and potatoe crisps. All the textures and tastes went well together. For the main I had the salmon with bean salad. The salmon was cooked well and not dry. I didn't enjoy the bean salad as the spices were a bit to over powering for my palate. The beef brisket with kimchi was a better choice. Though i found it odd that it was paired with watermelon. For dessert I had the strawberry & rhubarb sundae. Though enjoyable for the first few bites i found the strawberry and rhubarb to be overly sweet and had trouble finishing the dessert. I wasn't wowed by the food and would be in no rush to return.笑
I judge restaurants by how they handle fish, because if they can handle such a delicate product, it shows attention to detail.
The sockeye salmon was, they assured me, flown in daily, as was the halibut. Indeed they were fresh, and the dashi stock provided the perfect savory flavor to the fatty red. The salmon was delicious, with no hint of a rancid smell - every bite was delicious.
The pea risotto for an appetizer was fresh and delicious - a perfect way to start a meal.
The steak, probably made with Sous Vide technique, was made perfectly and the bone marrow on top is always a favorite of mine. 
The wine list has many French favorites, but the Italian wines are well represented. The staff knows the wines quite well and made two good recommendations based upon the flavor profile we requested. 
Simple food, made well, and great wine with a knowledgeable staff.
The restaurant decor is casual, but clean and elegant. The artwork on the walls add to the staff.
We then came for breakfast the next morning, and they continued to do a fine job.
Highly recommend this restaurant for your stay.笑
I came in for brunch with my family a few days after new years. The food was delicious as always! Charcuterie and cheese boards are not to be missed!!! The service was slow and inattentive but the food more than made up for it.笑
Summerlicious this year started out at Café Boulud, a restaurant that I've been meaning to try for a while. The lunch menu is $25 for three courses. They modified the lunch menu slightly so it's a little different from the online one that was released earlier from the Summerlicious website. 

Three types of bread were served with salted butter. I was particularly fond of the brioche.

Starters

My sister decided not to order from the Summerlicious menu and ordered two things à la carte instead. She had the seared albacore tuna ($16) to start, and it came with spring radish, edamame, yuzu vinaigrette, and katsuo mirin spice. I had a piece of the seared tuna and it was lovely. I also loved the presentation and that vibrant, bright green sauce. Eating colourful things tends to make me a happier person.

Raymond had the marinated squid salad- baby gem lettuce, cilantro, shrimp cracker, jalapeño and lime gremolata, He thought it was a pretty ordinary salad. 

My mom had the heirloom tomato salad- tomato consommé, pecorino fresca, basil, black olive. Probably the most unadventurous choice out of the three but it was still tasty. 

I had the chickan galantine with smoked bacon, green almonds, black olives, watercress, mustard crisp. I think I had galantine once before and didn't really enjoy it. I'm happy to report that I very much liked this one! 

Mains

My sister also ordered a crispy duck egg (not from Summerlicious menu)- jambon de paris, asparagus, and mustard dressing ($18). I think this was one of Café Boulud's signature dishes here and our server proclaimed that it was her favourite! We were instructed to just smash the egg apart and have the runny yolk spill over everything and that's exactly what we did! Even though I only had a bite of the egg, I thought it was a stand out! My sister particularly enjoyed the creamy mustard dressing. 

Two of us had the roasted Cumbrae beef with tuscan potatoes, salsa verde, broccoli rate and calabrian chili. I thought this was very well executed. The salsa verde complemented the beef very well, and the fries-like potato were strangely delicious!

My favourite main was the sweet corn risotto, with summer savory and fromage frais. The creamy risotto was luxuriously rich and the flavours were really bold and delightful. Although I couldn't detect much of the corn, it was nevertheless very tasty. My mom was not a fan of  the "undercooked rice' texture, but for me it was perfect. It was, however, quite heavy, so sharing is highly recommended!

Desserts were also standouts! 

First up, we tried the chocolate gateau with cocoa nibs, dark chocolate mousse, and limoncello sorbet. If you're a dark chocolate fan, this dessert would be your cup of tea. The chocolate gateau was intensely rich and dark, and the sorbet provided a nice, tart contrast. 

My mom, the passion fruit-lover, had the passion fruit and banana sundae with mango, vanilla crumble and meringue.  The passion fruit and banana ice cream was much more passion fruit than banana (I could barely taste the banana) and it went incredibly well with all the components in the sundae- especially the vanilla crumble in the bottom.

 I had the other choice- tonka bean sundae with chocolate genoise, candied pecans, maple caramel, and tonka bean chantilly. I wasn't really sure what tonka beans were, and our server informed us that its flavours resemble a mix of coffee, caramel and hazelnut. I was immediately sold since I love all three. The tonka bean ice cream was a pleasant surprise!  

I was very impressed with my meal at Café Boulud. The food was outstanding (at least everything that I ordered) and the service was impeccable. I was also really happy that it was so convenient to make a reservation on Opentable (unlike some other popular choices like Canoe, where you basically have to stand by your phone for an hour and call them until they pick up!) I would definitely want to come back again in the near future.笑
Everything was good, until I got the bill and was charged $27 for plating fee which I wasn't made aware of ahead of time when I asked to have my birthday cake served at the restaurant. That just ended the meal on a lower note.

As for the food and ambiance, everything was good. Food is good but I'm not sure I'd rate this place as one of Canada's top 100 restaurants. Nothing unique stands out about the presentation or recipes. 

Scallops were smaller than I expected in size. Small food serving could have been compensated with a larger side but there wasn't much to it.

Duck confit was good-skin was crispy but it was a little too salty. 

Steak frites were probably the best out of the three entrees. Steak was done as we asked (med rare). 

Escargot was good.笑
Delightful. The service was not only knowledgable and pleasant but an interesting running conversation on the world of restaurants. Both the manager and the server were delightful. The food it goes without saying was befitting the namesakes reputation. So good.笑
The Saucier at this place is top nothch.
The Veal was outstanding! !! The sauce served with it  was incredible. Paired with a seasoned rice, perfection! !
We also had the calamari,  it was good but the remoulade was truly exceptional.
They have an excellent wine selection and an added benefit is they do serve high end wines by the glass.
I would highly recommend this place if you are in the area. Reservation recommend.