Vietnamese combo A
Vietnamese spring roll 4/5
Lemongrass porkchop 4/5
Pineapple fried rice 3/5

Thai combo B
Thai spring roll 4/5
Grilled chicken satay 4/5
Padthai noodles. 3/5 

Modern dark wood decorations greeted us in this bustling and busy restaurant. 

We ordered lunch combo a and b which came with yummy mango cranberry juices.

Notables:
-pineapple fried rice had next to no pineapples
-mango cranberry juice a pleasent free drink
-pad Thai soggy and not flavorful enough

Service 2/5 
Value for money 5/5
Satisfaction after leaving 5/5Ǿ
I used to frequent this place more back in 2006-2008. It used to be gooooood. Then I went back last week and it was quite disappointing. 

Service is good for a Sunday evening. They were accommodating and efficient. That was a plus.

The food was mediocre if not bad. The pork chop rice was one of the worst I've had. Pork chop was rubbery, dish came out warm not hot and lacking any appeal.  Pineapple fried rice wasn't very tasty either. My friend was picking at his food and said it was too salty. The chicken and corn soup was pretty good though and it came out hot which was great for a cold evening. We also got a blueberry smoothie that was on "special". It tasted fresh, more banana than blueberry but after the discount, it was still expensive. 

Price was not cheap either. Came out to be 36 after taxes and tip for two mediocre disappointing dishes, a good soup and an overpriced smoothie. 

This places gives me no inclination to revisit.Ǿ
Omg the service is SOOOOOO SLOW! 3 people with 3 dishes (shared). Been waiting for a good 20 minutes since the arrival of the first dish (split among three people) and now waiting for the 2nd one while reviewing this restaurant. The food isn't THAT good to help rescue this restaurant from this reviewǾ
Nice ambiance. Food was tasty and abundant: Bun Tom Thit Nuong, morning glory, beef combo pho.Ǿ
I used to not be a fan of this place because of their steep prices. I never had any issues with their food, I actually think they make some delicious dishes so ever since they came out with their afternoon tea specials (I think it started two years ago), I absolutely love coming here.

I believe their afternoon tea special starts at 2:30 to either 5 or 5:30. They have plates starting from 2.99 to 5.99 and everything you order comes with a drink (coffee, hong kong style tea, juice, or crushed ice drinks with jelly and beans).

I always order the phad thai (4.99) and they give a generous portion (but not a lot of meat) which is fine because I like my noodles with less meat. My mom usually orders vermicelli which is also delicious. This time we decided to venture out and try their spring rolls. Although their spring roll is delicious, they only gave us one and it costs 3.99. You do have to keep in mind that it comes with a free drink but I can't help but feel slightly ripped off. I still love this place though because they give a reasonable portion for everything else.Ǿ
Wow.. have to give this place a one star.  

Ordered House Pho, Pineapple Thai Fried Rice, Chicken Satay, Pork Chop and Rice.   The Pho was filled with junk fat, unedible bits of meat, and overload loaded with MSG.

Along with it came that Pineapple Thai Fried Rice.  The Pineapple shell was wet, mushy and very clealy that they had used it a couple of times already that night.  I think they just rinsed it out, and re-used it.  I returned the dish since it was disgusting and the rice was cold.  

The Chicken satay sticks were off..  bad chicken?  The Pork Chop was okay, but half of it was bone?  What a weird pork chop.  Anyways,  I hate to waste food, but I lost my appetite with this meal.Ǿ
A great Asian fusion place. It offers stuff from Vietnamese pho to Malaysian curry and everything in between. 

I have to say that I've tried most things on the menu here and I have yet to be disappointed. Everything is wonderful. I mean, it's not top notch and to get the best you'd have to go to the specialized restaurants but for a fusion place it ain't bad at all. 

Most of the stuff is priced moderately and at lunch they have great combos for only $5 and is accompanied by a wonderful mango juice. Great place for families and for a night out with a significant other.Ǿ
I have gone to this place for years. Unfortunately it has not become better. This was a five-star place, the manager was an older gentleman, service was great, food was delicious. But now... the food is good but they play music SO loud... They play the radio so loud that I can barely hear my thoughts. :(  the food is ok, it is better than after the old manager was gone. I think that the younger dude who took over the older man is gone too. But holy damn... I don't want to hear the radio FRIGGING loud when I eat! What a pity. They renovated the place too... It was a bit cold there too... I don't want to go there any more, as I just don't want to become deaf :(Ǿ
They are CLOSED!

I have to say I have the most disappointed dinner at Lemongrass yesterday night!

We order the 2 set dinners ($9.99), one with spring roll/BBQ Chicken/Pad Thai, one with spring roll/curry chicken/fried rice.

The BBQ chicken was more like deep fried chicken, the skin was all burnt, the curry chicken has so many little bones inside in the curry and meat was really dry.

The only good thing was the spring rolls, which were freshly prepared!

The restaurant suppose to close at 11 PM and they were mopping the floor while we were eating at 9:45 or so??!!! I don't really like the feeling that the waitstaffs are cleaning up the place with a mop and then turned around to the kitchen and served me my food! Gross!!

Sigh...