Very disappointed by everything. 
Yes this is fast food and it's unhealthy but the oil was literally dripping out of my Philly steak and cheese. My husband who loves everything greasy food wise could not even eat half of his single bacon and cheese. 
The place was not busy but the table, chairs, cutlery and glasses were not clean. The service, lackluster. Add to all this it was expensive. $60CAD for 3 burgers, fries plus soda. I've had better food for a third of the price at Tim Hortons. Based on this experience I won't be returning anytime soon.Ǿ
Decent food as expected.   They could cook their fries longer every time I come though.   Wait staff seem happy and helpful.Ǿ
Service was not good. We were the only ones in the restaurant at the time but the waitress still didn't have time for us. She was constantly texting on her phone, busy making a sandwich for herself and chatting with the cook. I had to wait ten minutes for a glass of water and my wife had to go to the counter to request a refill of her drink. To make matters worse the food was not fresh. Burger was soggy and Rocket Appetizer Trio was atrocious - not fresh and it tasted like stale food that was left in the freezer for too long.Ǿ
The burger was alright but the service wasn't good. I think I get better service from McDonald's where I don't give tips. I don't think I'll go again. At least this location.Ǿ
FAILURE TO LAUNCH. 

I generally try to stay positive when I write these reviews, even if my experience isn't great. I also try to avoid personal attacks. I'll make an exception in this case. 


Johnny Rockets is awful. I'd call it Johnny Rotten's but it would be an insult to the Sex Pistols front man, and I kinda like their music. 

I anoint this scum bucket of a restaurant with one star despite the fact that I didn't actually eat here--actually, I'd give it negative stars precisely because I didn't eat here. 

I'll provide a bit of context. 

My wife and I decided to take our baby for an outing. The weather was threatening, so we sought out some place indoors where we could walk around and stare at pretty consumer goods. 

We chose Vaughan Mills. 

It was lunchtime, and we were hungry, but wanted to avoid the food court because it was packed and loud, and the baby was asleep in his stroller. 

Got that? SLEEPING BABY. 

So, we went to Johnny Rockets for the promise of a quick sit-down lunch, a tasty burger and perhaps an order of chicken fingers while THE BABY SLEPT. 

At first glance, Johnny Rockets reminds one of the Departed Lime RIckey's chain-styled as an old school diner in the middle of a 2000-era shopping complex. 

I may not remember much about Lime RIckey's, but it wasn't filthy (Johnny Rockets was), and the vinyl booths weren't black with grime and half-torn (as they were here). But we were hungry and THE BABY WAS ASLEEP. 

A sign up front directed us to seat ourselves. So we picked a booth towards the back where we would be unmolested. A porcine server suggested we try the other side of the restaurant, where it would be QUIETER, so THE BABY COULD KEEP SLEEPING. 

We moved. 

A second server approached with menus, and COMMENTED ON THE SLEEPING BABY. She turned and left without taking drink orders. No warnings were provided. 

My wife and I shot each other a look over the menu, which was hideously overpriced-basic burgers start around $12, which is excessive unless ol' Johnny Rocket has a stack of Wagyu beef hidden up his ass. 

No sooner were we about to debate our exit than Server #2 reappeared. Holding a birthday cake. OVER THE SLEEPING BABY. And, making her way to another table, brayed at the top of her idiot lungs. 'HEY, WE HAVE A BIRTHDAY HERE!!!" 

Right on top of our SLEEPING BABY (who soon transitioned to CRYING BABY, because of this monumentally stupid, stupid, dumb idiot who couldn't have bothered to tell us it might get a bit noisy?). 

Think of every curse word you know. Scream it at the top of your lungs. Break something. Ransack a car. Burn down a house. Invade a foreign country. That's how angry we were at these morons. 

SLEEPING BABY, YOU DUMBASSES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!


Needless to say, we got the hell out, and soothed our precious cargo back to sleep. But inside I plotted my revenge against the brainless wonders who couldn't be bothered to give a new family the heads up. 

Hopefully, this review does the job. 

Avoid at all costs. Especially if you have kids.Ǿ
Good burgers and fries just ok. Service quick and efficient. Place nice throwback to yesterday's.Ǿ
Absolutely positively disgusting. Food is so oily, even for a diner. Serve staff was very good but god never again. About to throw up as I write this. Got a Philly Cheese steak for 16 dollars. The meat was like elastic and chewy and smelt and tasted funny. Disgusting and not even worth a penny.Ǿ
Not satisfying.  This meal was pricey and not filling.  It's just slightly better than licks in terms of taste.  They are way understaffed at this location and we were overcharged on the bill.  Dirty tables were not cleaned at all for the whole time we were there. Burger meat crumbs on the table when we were seated.  They need more staff on weekends.  Definitely a one time thing. And don't bother putting money for the table side juke box. I was there for 45 mins and song never came on. Just eats your moneyǾ
I love Johnny Rockets. My first visit was in Atlantic City, New Jersey on the Boardwalk. When I came home, I tried to find the same experience I had there. 

Though the view of the Atlantic Ocean is now replaced with over made-up teenagers carrying bags through the mall, the Johnny Rockets at Vaughn Mills has been the best so far. 

There's rarely ever a wait. The crew does their song and dance with a smile, even with the small crowd. The service is quick and friendly and the prices are comparable to other locations. The music, equipped with jukeboxes that cost a nickel, really does a lot to set the atmosphere.

I like to get the "Route 66" with a side of onion rings for the girlfriend and I to share. I swear I saw them empty a plastic bag of onion rings into the fryer, but they're great nonetheless. 

If it weren't for the slightly high prices for an entire meal for two, including drinks and the side of onion rings, I would be visiting more often. However, it may be a good thing to keep it for special occasions, given the amount of grease that drips off my wonderful burger.Ǿ
Alright so I only give this place 1 star because it wont allow me to put 0.  I visited this location over the holidays and let me tell you this will be the LAST LAST LAST time I even walk near this place.  I was with my gf.  She ordered some chicken and bacon club sandwich with onion rings.  When she got her sandwich I can see she wasnt impressed.  She claimed the chicked tasted like a rubbery shoe sole.  When she took the chicked off the sandwich i tried a piece and honestly it felt like i was chewing rubber.  We complained to the waiter and was given her meal for free.  

I ordered the burger with bacon and cheese with fries and gravy.  Lets start with the gravy.  Although it did not taste bad it looked like water with brown food colouring.  The burger it self was HORRIBLE.  I have had my fair share of burgers and this is the top of my list as one of the worst burgers ive had.  The burger tasted like it was cooked on the flat top with NO added flavor.  It was straight up minced meat.  It was dripping FAT.  I finished it because I was starving from a day of shopping at the mall.

Who screws up a burger lets be honest.  Come on guys get your shit together.  When the coca cola was the best part of the meal you know there is a problem