They always have great puns on the sandwich board that sits out front.  Too bad the fish isn't as great.  The fried fish is usually quite bland, in my opinion.  And you know how you'll sometimes order fish and chips at a pub and get more batter than fish?  Yeah.  These guys do that.

I would be willing to overlook the over battered fish if it weren't for that fact that it was combined with an overpriced menu.  I know that fish is generally expensive, yet I just feel that these guys over charge.  

The thing is, off the top of my head I can't think of a better on the spot take out fish and chips store.  The only one that comes to mind is Harbord Fish and Chips, and while they're better, it's not by leaps and bounds.  I've mostly come to the conclusion that good fish and chips are just hard to find.Ǿ
Voila a breakdown of the things I've ordered at Chippy's:

Cod: Watery, cold and not fried properly
Halibut: How can you run out of these when you have such a small menu? Fail!
Prawns: Decent, but overdone and slightly too dark. 
Mushy Peas: Delicious!!! That's all you need to know.
Fries: Nothing special. 

After these visits and the $$ I've spent here, I'd say Chippy's has had enough tries. Come here on a rainy day, or save your money and try another frozen fish and chips venue.Ǿ
3.5 stars: 3 for the fish and 4 for the chips.

Great chip truck-style fries like I used to have back home when I was a kid: thick-cut, salty, crispy and really tasty. 

The fish - haddock - certainly wasn't the best I've ever had, but it was still pretty solid and it was delivered in a snap. 

It also didn't hurt that they played Radiohead's Kid A in its entirety as I ate (perhaps at an intentionally slower pace).Ǿ
Super convenient and tasty fish and chips in the heart of Toronto. They offer halibut, cod, haddock, prawns, salmon and scallops! Also, the fries are great and the portions are generous...this place will easily fill you up.

I'm not sure if anybody else has had this experience, but when I went in here the waitress knew everybody and it seems like I was the only newcomer...hopefully I'll be a regular soon :)Ǿ
Wasn't impressed with our visit, for one it was summer and there was no a/c and there little fruit flies flying around... 

The fish wasn't the freshest and the batter was just greasy. The fries were ok but all in all not the greatest and their mushy peas were grayish in colour. The curry mayo was alright but nothing special. 

It reaffirmed my belief that fish n' chip shops should stay along the coast where the locals know their fish and the fish is fresh. Sorry Chippy's!Ǿ
I have to agree with a lot of what reviewer Catherine M said. 
I had a hankering for some fish & chips and had been eyeing this menu. I ordered the Halibut combo which consisted of two pieces of fish and a portion of fries. Drinks and sauces were to be purchased separately, including the tartar sauce which other places include at no additional price. With a small tip included I paid $11.

After ringing the old school bell on the counter, service was prompt. I can't say I've ever encountered a bell on a counter anywhere else and I thoroughly enjoyed dinging it. I was greeted by a "hipster" who was indeed playing interesting music (today's selection was underground hip hop). He quickly became distracted by what seemed like a personal call and I started missing the nice Asian duo that normally looked back at me from behind the counter at my regular joint.  My food was quick to be done and was packed up in a fun take-away box. 

I have to agree with other reviewers who were a bit put off by the batter. While I didn't think it was way too much, it was a tad on the thick side and a smidge on the squishy side. The fish itself was incredibly delicious and kept me wondering if I was eating chicken or fish, it was so thick and flavourful. It also makes me wonder if it was what I ordered since I though Halibut was one of the darker fish, hence it's lower price. 
 The fries here are more crispy than at Harbord but you get twice as many at Harbord as you do here. Also, these ones come pre-salted whereas at Harbord you add what you want. 

Overall, I though this place was "Meh, I've experienced better" ...at Harbord Fish & Chips. Please no one tell Harbord  that  I sampled another joint's goods. I was tempted once but  I will be unfaithful no more.Ǿ
There has been much debate about the amount of batter used at this establishment. I don't plan to join in. I simply want to put it as objectively as possible: The batter, like Baby Bear's porridge, is just right. 

I've never found the batter mushy or greasy. For greasy, try Harbord ;-)  The fish is crisp on the outside, tender on the inside. The fish has tasted fresh to me in all my visits (to both locations). You can opt for the most expensive halibut (too expensive, in my opinion), but in my experience, the cheaper cod and haddock taste just as good. Which fish is best comes done to what texture you like best. 

The fries, while not the heavenly ones you might find at, say, Starfish Oyster Bed and Grill, are decent -- the type you can actually eat a lot of because you want to, and not because the fish doesn't fill you up or because you don't want to waste your money.

It would be another plus if they didn't charge you separately for the tartar sauce, and a little more seating (particularly at the Queen Street location) would be nice, but you can't have everything. What you CAN have is some reasonably priced, tasty fish and chips.Ǿ
Good fish and chips.  Great place for a quick lunch.  Well priced as well.  And I have say that I don't think there was too much batter on the fish, it was fine for me.Ǿ
Not memorable, at least not in a good way. Fish & chips is my comfort food and I had heard good and bad things about this place so I thought why not try it and decide for myself. 

First the good, nothing wrong with the hand cut fries, good crisp and moist on the inside. That's pretty much it. 

When it comes to the star of the show I was disappointed, the haddock was well cooked but on the thin side and the batter was just plain bad. My belief on batter is that it needs to have a crispness to it but this didn't. I wouldn't even call it a batter but more of a skin because that's basically the texture it had, It was limp and it didn't really adhere well to the fish. 

Its pricey for what you get, you get fish and chips but tar tar and cole slaw are extra which is in contrast to other places I've reviewed that charge less, give a superior product and include those extras in the price.

The scenesters can have this place, real chippy fans should look elsewhere.Ǿ
Worst fish and chips I ever had.  Went once and never returned.  Portions were absolutely puny for both fries and fish.  Fries came in a cute little box like at A&W - pathetic.  No comparision between this place and Harbord F&C.  Chippys totally blows.Ǿ
Chippy's has the dubious honor of being the only fish 'n' chip shop in the Annex, and if you're looking for some carby, greasy comfort food, this is the place to go.  Many of the local pubs offer a fish and chip option, but for the casual eater who just wants to grab a container and head home, this is a good option.

Chippy's prices are reasonable - a small chips will cost you about $3 plus tax, where most of the fish and chip combos will run between $7 and $12.  The portions are huge, so much that I can often walk out of there with just a small order of chips and a smile.  They also offer a limited number of sides, including mayo with flavors like garlic and curry, coleslaw, and your classic mushy green peas.  Fish options include cod, salmon, prawns and seafood cakes, among others.

They make everything fresh when you walk in, I have had them drop a small single portion of fries in the fryer rather than use ones that are already waiting on the side.  The staff members always have a chipper (heh) mood and write funny fish-related puns on their sidewalk board like "In Cod We Trust".  

Chippys is conveniently located next to Bloor Cinema, but try to eat them BEFORE you go watch that horror movie retrospective, ok? In the fall I've been known to grab a small chips and then get a coffee and sit on Starbucks patio.

Favorites: CHIPS, garlic mayo, prawns
Needs work: beer batter can be too "floppy" on the fish for my taste, it has been argued successfully to me that it's worth a walk south to Harbord Fish and Chips if you want some serious fish action.Ǿ
A wise man once said "Do not judge a book by its cover." 

I wish that wise man was with me at the time, because this was so true with Chippy's: it looks fantastic from outside.  But later on you discover that the giddy feeling you had before entering the premise disappears fast because, well to put it frankly, the food is shit.  The fries sat around for too long, the coleslaw is served in a cup that dental hygienists use to feed you fluoride, and the fish itself is as bland as chewing on a generic flavourless meat.  

This fine looking establishment needs less focus on ascetics and more on the food.Ǿ
We had the haddock, which was one of the tastiest I've eaten,
The fries were a bit overcooked, so I'm a bit undecided on that.
overall, it was tasty and huge!Ǿ
I've enjoyed the food, when the location has been open. But, the website contains misinformation about the hours that the owner has made no attempt to fix. 

2 years ago I walked in the rain after checking the hours on the site, only to find it closed when I arrived. I complained was assured by the president that the site would be fixed shortly. 

2 years later and the problem is still not solved. Tonight they say on their website that the Bloor location is open until 11. It's 10:15 and I was just told they closed 10 minutes ago. In the day when it's a line of html to fix the problem, it's embarrassing that it's taken them this long to fix the problem.

I had a great meal at The One that Got Away recently. I think I'll just be going there next time.Ǿ
Worst fish and chips I have ever had.  For a place that specializes in fish and chips, it was quite disappointing that there was nothing stellar about their halibut and chips.

On the food alone I would have rated it a 2 star.

What put it at the 1 star?  A hair in my fish.

No repeat customer here.