Wife and me have been coming here since they open up this new location,  and hands down its the best New York style pizza.  Either if you order the 18 or 24 inch you can't go wrong!  I recommend this pizza to everybody who wants a giant slice of perfection!Ǿ
Went in again. Had wings honey hot well done. Ian the manager made sure they were bomb for me. Then had a 18" philly pizza the best ever. You gotta skip over the 14" and try the 18" or 24". Thats were the quality is. Wings and philly pie hit the spot. Love this placeǾ
Great pizza and friendly service. Family owned small business. They have sandwiches, wings and salads too...great place!Ǿ
Live eating here. Its affordable for family and taste good for the price. They have tv to watch while eating alsoǾ
This place has very good pizza the best ive had in a long time and and there wings are good and there cheese steak fries are the bomb and everything is reasonably pricedǾ
Pizza was fast and delicious! Their Philly Cheese steaks are a bit on the pricey side, but it's delicious. The pizza crust was a bit thinner than expected, but it was still decentǾ
Great place, the lady that took our order was Super nice.  Ordered the Italian sub and fried pickles. The Best Italian Sub I have had anywhere , hands down.  The bread they make for this sandwich pushes it over the top.  The fried pickles are spears not chips and were Amazing. You could actually taste pickle and not just fried bread crum.  Price is right too.  I'm visiting from Denver and can't wait to return to Genos on my next visit.Ǿ
Order was taken quickly and staff was very nice.
Order came out in a timly fashion
Had the veggy pizza, it was very tasty  :) would buy again.Ǿ
Out of mozzarella sticks? Don't be surprised if you get told the giant slice can't be ordered: its a lunch only item... "says at the top of the menu" Um, top of the lunch menu sure. But the main menu is a different board, without that info.
#failǾ
Have usually had great experiences with the pizza at this location their $5 Pizza is amazing! I ordered 2 large 24inch New York style pizzas for a birthday party and let me tell you the quality is just not the same. there was barely any cheese on the pizza and they put the same amount of toppings as you would for a regular 14 inch pizza. The value is just not there and especially since I was ordering their premium Pizza Pizza I was expecting a more premium experience and taste as well. I would buy their $5 pizza again but never again will I by there New York style pizza. Customer service at this location is Amazing by the way the staff is always kind and ready to help. So I give this place an average rating based on my overall experience.Ǿ
I thought the pizza was a really great value. It is cheap but tastes good. The AC is freezing so bring a jacket.Ǿ
Went to Genos for my lunch and they got me my pizza in about ten minutes. I ordered the buffalo chicken and my boyfriend was skeptical at first but it was fantastic. The crust is my preferred thinness and the pizza itself was like a morph between hot wings and pizza. Definitely going to be my new go to pizza!Ǿ
My second dad works here and i absolutely love it. The food is great, it's big enough to fit an entire birthday party, and the whole staff is extremely kind. Would most definitely recommend this genos location to anyone who loves pizza and awesome service.Ǿ
GrubHub completely screwed this up, but Ian made it right when we went there.  Ian is a good manager and made a 2 star situation into a 5 star.  They paid us back the delivery charge, the tip and gave us free drinks with our meal since GrubHub didn't even give them the order.  Thank you for a fantastic mealǾ
Went here today for the first time. I got the spicy steak and cheese. OMG! Delicious. So good. My daughter got the chicken, bacon, ranch sandwich. She loved it.  I don't know what cheese they use but it was nails for spring. Shout out to this gem of a restaurant.Ǿ
Ordered a pizza for take out. The gentleman said it would be out in 10 minutes, and got the pizza in 10 minutes. It was very good and at an excellent price. Very happy and will go there again.Ǿ
This my second time I have came to this establishment and this is worst experience I have dealt with. I came in and the young gentleman took my order and I asked him to not put certain toppings on my steak n cheese and when I got home those same toppings were on there. I asked for a giant slice with my order then the young gentleman told me they don't sell it after 4pm. When there is no advertisements saying so. It got so bad that they was bringing my food out and I had to ask for a bag and when I did they didn't even bag my food for me they gave me the bag and I had to bag it myself. What type of shit is that? What type of customer service is that. Idk if I was a trick customer but I won't come back here or any other one if the service continues to be like this. Save ur money make ur own.Ǿ
I love this place , the only thing is that this guy every time I go , no matter what time of day is spending half the time in the restroom so then no one can utilize it ! I know you have to go when you have to go but he's in there the whole time ! At least a half an hour so , my husband has to go to a different place when we leave smh ! 
Besides that for such a young staff they try hard to do their best !Ǿ
The food was delicious. Great pizza and sandwiches with a very pleasant staff. Great price also. Overall, nothing negative to say about it. I would recommend to all friends and family.