This is definitely THE place to have a romantic happy hour with that favorite person.  Sit on the patio next to the fire, enjoy the ambiance of the views of Camelback Mountain and the food and drink on the happy hour menu.  The servers are efficient, friendly and personable without being intrusive.笑
The chicken tortilla soup was pretty good but the Rita's chop salad was very bland and uninteresting. Service was great though and the outside area has a great view of the mountains.笑
Best brunch in AZ! The buffet spread is delicious and you certainly get your monies worth. Served is everything from crab legs to cheese to omelets to quesadillas. Mimosas are included and you can't beat the gorgeous views!笑
Had dinner at Rita's last night on the patio following the Yelp Cocktail Society event.  I'm starting to become a bigger fan of resort restaurants.  Number one, they have gorgeous patios, Camelback Inn included, that exceed anything you find elsewhere.  Number two, nightly entertainment.  This comes with higher prices, but I'm already a fan before I even order.  But Rita's did not disappoint in that department either.

At our server's suggestion, we ordered the fish tacos (mahi mahi) and chicken enchiladas.  The tacos ($15) were served with ranchero beans and a brown vegetable rice.  Okay, let's get the one negative out of the way.  The rice was terrible.  Dry, flavorless.  Yep, tasted like brown rice.  The tacos, made with house-made corn tortillas, were really tasty.  The fish was well-seasoned and perfectly cooked.  The beans were delicious.  But lucky for me, the best meal was the enchiladas drenched in red pasilla sauce, cotija cheese, and topped with a creamy slaw.  Best enchilada sauce ever.  However, at $17 for two enchiladas, might I suggest they include a side dish?  Preferably the beans.  And let's not forget to mention the warm chocolate cookies with ice cream.  Order it if offered.  You will only be disappointed you only get 3.

We also had the chance to have the guacamole and the chips & salsa tree at the cocktail event.  The guacamole was really good, but seeing it for $15 on the menu, I don't know about that.  That's up there with paying $9 for a baked potato at a steak house.  I would, however, fork out the $7 for the chips & salsa which is served with four salsas.  The creamy verde was my favorite, but they were all good.

As for the service.  Jacqueline was really exceptional.  There was a miscommunication on my husband's drink order (mostly his fault), but she quickly rectified it.  And then when he ordered a second old-fashioned, she took it upon herself to take the time to get it from the event bar, rather than the restaurant bar, so that he could have a second wax-dipped glass after noticing we had one sitting at the table.  She also offered to bring us a bag to take home all the stuff we accumulated during the evening.  Ten stars for Jacqueline!

And now my friends, I must go eat my leftover enchilada.  All this talking about it...笑
Best Sunday Brunch Buffet.  Our experience ce was wonderful! Friendly & helpful staff in a wonderful atmosphere, and the food was delicious & excellent quality笑
I'm surprised R Bar rates so high. The food is terrible, so it must be for the patio. I have been several times and the food is always mediocre at best. The service is notably slow too. 

Yes, they have an awesome patio but R Bar has lots of competition. There are so many great places in town that have wonderful patios AND great food AND service.笑
Modernized but staying true to,an old school kind of 60's swingers' vibe, hey dole out delicious hand crafted cocktails and delectable small plates. It's swank but approachable.

And every night is live music gotta love that!笑
Firstly, the ambiance at this place is unparalleled. There are fire pits, live music, lightbulb strings, you name it! Unfortunately, the food I tried didn't deliver as well as I would've liked. The chips and guacamole tasted bland and uninteresting and the sweet potato tots were tasty but I felt there should've been different sauce options. I must admit the redeeming factor was probably the Desert Pear Cosmo- this drink was absolutely delicious! Not too sweet and with a niche flavor I loved to find in the desert. I'll give this place another shot but ultimately felt the food/drink execution was hit or miss.

Last but not least the guitar player on 3/23 was so talented! He was one of the highlights of our experiences at Camelback Inn.笑
I actually feel that three stars is a bit generous for this visit (1/15/12).  This could easily have been a five star review.  The setting is amazing.  The buffet, above average, and it included "bottomless" champagne or mimosas, which makes the $60/per person price tag hurt a little less.  There were countless options to indulge in...Outside they were offering perfect lamb chops, mini crab cakes, shrimp scampi, several fresh cooked fish options,\ delicious quesadillas and tacos, prime rib carving station.  In side we were greeted by a glorious meat and cheese selection, lox, fruit bar, cold seafood options including seared Ahi tuna, crab claws, shrimp and cocktail sauce. A breakfast station serving up made to order pancakes, eggs benedict, and omelets, a pastry stand and a selection of breakfast meats.  Lastly, an enormous selection of desserts including bananas foster made to order.  Sounds amazing, right?

My problems with our experience at Rita's Kitchen had little to do with the food and everything to do with the service...and the birds, but I will get to that later.  The service started out great.  We placed our order, the four of us that ordered the buffet were served our mimosas and the other's were brought their coffee.  We visited the buffet and the meals from the regular menu were served.  Our beverages were topped off a couple of times and then our server seemed to disappear.  We actually had to wave him down (or someone else) if we needed anything.  This went on for the duration of our meal.  To top it all off, as plates were pre-bussed from tables, servers left them stacked at the bus station adjacent to our table. They did not clear the food so a large flock of obnoxious birds decided to feast on the remnants.  We were, literally, surrounded by birds; they dropped chunks of food on our table as the flew away, cackled so loudly that we could hardly think and to top it all of one of the birds relieved itself as it flew over us.  The load narrowly missed my friend, but ended up landing on the jacket hanging on the back of her chair.  Disgusting!  We were offered an extra cloth napkin to help clean up the mess, but not so much as an apology from the server or a manager.  

Great food, questionable service, repulsive birds...笑
Rita's/R bar was a somewhat disappointing experience. While the margaritas tasted great, the glasses were primarily full of ice and they weren't particularly strong. When paying 12 per I expect more. We ordered enchiladas and tacos which were decent but the guacamole was a let down. Hardly seasoned. When we asked for them to make it spicy they wanted to charge us another 2.50. It's a small sum but when you're staying at the premier resort in the area I don't expect to be nickel and dimed for a spoon of jalapenos. Not to mention who doesn't offer guacamole at varying spice levels? Long story short its a bit out of the way but the local places in old town are well worth the cab ride. But also be weary of the cab company the hotel will recommend. They too price gouge you. Have them call discount cab instead.笑
Great breakfasts and dinners. I loved the huevos rancheros. The chocolate cookies for dessert are to die for. I'll definitely return!笑
Great place for happy hour. Food was delish, margaritas were fantastic, and of course, the service was great! only drawback was that we driver thru town looking for this bar, yelp directions were incorrect. Aside from the detour, we loved this place.笑
Perfect weather/temp in Scottsdale causes for perfect lunch sitting on the patio of Rita's Kitchen. Our server Julio was great.

We enjoyed an Ice cold beer while dining on a bowl of their fantastic Chicken Tortilla Soup and a Carne Asada Wrap.

Excellent Service, Great Food on a beautiful day! What more could you ask for!笑
Reservation for 1pm on Sunday .. We were seated at 1:25 pm.. Server took our drink order at 1:35pm .. We got our drinks at 2pm .. Took our food order at 2:10 pm... We received our food at 3pm .. It was almost as amazing as dennys food.. Server was cool.. I'm guessing he was not informed by management that the reservation went almost half n hour over.. Zero sense of urgency .. I watched a party of 8 sit down drink and eat and leave an hour before us.. Super bummed .. It was a really special occasion and just put a funk on the day .. Still waiting for a check .. It's 330pm.. 2 and a half hours for a really bad experience .. Hope no one has this happen to them笑
We were here last night. Service was great. We loved the rolls, salsa and guacamole, fajitas, filet with asparagus spears, cake and shake, and key lime pie. Will definitely come again.笑
All I have to say is.... the first and best Damn Manhattan I've ever had!  And the addition of a shot of grand Marnier is what makes it special笑
Reasonably good and fairly prices southwestern small plates. Good happy hour selection, nice views if out on patio.  Come early to get seats.笑
I ordered the whole grain salad. Good stuff. Quinoa and the rest were good and the chicken is lightly seasoned to give it some extra flavor. What was actually awesome was their pulled pork soup which I actually stole a bite (then many more) from my wife. Wow! I would eat that soup every week!

Warning though, we came in during lunch rush (1pm or so) and it must have taken 35-40 minutes to get our food. This place was packed and you could see that the food was coming out as quick as it could, but it's going to be a wait!!!笑
I hosted an event for work here and absolutely loved this hidden gem.  They were awesome to work with and really helped to make my event memorable.  The live music and atmosphere are hard to beat, definitely a wow factor to take guests or for date night.  Reasonable pricing, maybe a little too expensive, but great food, good service, friendly staff笑
Wow $60 per person for brunch. You better be drinking a few mimosas to make it worth it. Although the spread was impressive: crab claws, shrimp, sauteed scallops, fresh crab cakes, all kinds of cheese and bread, freshly made omlets, pancakes, and french toast, and a very impressive desert spread. The patio is great on a sunny day, complete with live music, and the grounds are great. Just make sure you're drinking to get your money's worth.笑
The filet here is my favorite! I've been here for dinner about 6 times and the drinks, food and service are always great! Beautiful restaurant and live music.笑
Rita's Kitchen does have great food. However, their brunch that is offered October through May only is overpriced. $59 a person plus tip. This place is a great place to do happy hour on Friday or Saturday night out on the large patio which is beautifully lit and has that romantic feel to it. It笑
Excellent service and great food. My wife couldn't decide on the chicken or veggie enchiladas, so the server asked the chef to make one of each. They were both amazing. Our server directed us toward the salsa and guac over the tableside guac because we got the guac and the salsa for less. The grounds are beautiful and if you get a chance to dine outdoors, do it. It's a beautiful setting. Definitely a place we will return to.笑
Definitely a restaurant that I'd go back to. My brother took us here while we were visiting him in town and the scenery was breathtaking, the service was fantastic (thanks to our awesome server Dennis) and the food was very good.

We started with the guacamole and trio of salsas and all of us were super impressed with the flavor of both appetizers and the delicious chips.

Moving on to the main course, I got a bleu cheese bacon burger, which was good - not the best I've ever had but certainly a good burger.

As for the drinks, I had two different types of margaritas and enjoyed both. This is certainly a great place to enjoy the views and hang out with friends.笑
Jamie C. is so wrong.  I LOVE the Camelback and will be there again soon.  All my experiences have been great.  The staff, the restaurants, the bar and the fantastic spa are the best!  I can't wait to go back.....笑
I would drive all the way from the Bay Area for the enchiladas. Seriously. They are that good. Had them for every meal of my stay. Loved siting out on the patio by the fire pits. Live music was going on inside each night but the patio was relaxed and intimate. They had ice wine on the menu which is hard to come by. Server Quincy was a gem.笑
My husband and I recently tried Rita's after so many friends raved about it. 
We were so so disappointed. The combined outside patio area with a group singing so loud we couldn't hear each other in a conversation. The food and Margaritas we fair, the constant fly's made it difficult to relax and enjoy the atmosphere. 
Not a fan.笑
We grabbed a quick lunch here before we went to the airport, and it was well worth the drive from the other J.W. Marriott in Phoenix (where we had stayed the night before). I just got a side cobb salad with chicken and the chicken tortilla soup. The cobb salad had a lime cilantro dressing on it that was amazing. I highly recommend. The tortilla soup was not spicy at all, which is just how I like it. Our server was very on top of it, and he was very professional. Thank you for the great service and lunch!笑
When I was pondering where to go for a breakfast meeting a few weeks ago, my husband suggested choosing from one of the many local resort restaurants... 

It was a great idea, and I'm not sure why I didn't think of it on my own.  I took it and ran with it and headed to Rita's with Lindsey D.  Rita's was awesome for breakfast that day... we both found great parking spots and walked right in.  There was not a wait and the weather was perfect for us to dine alfresco.  Service was top notch and food was fabulous too!  And the best thing? They didn't seem to mind that we stayed after our meal to take advantage of their free wifi to work for a bit!  

So why only three stars, you might be wondering?  

Well, I had such a wonderful breakfast that day, that I ended up suggesting Rita's for a group dinner the following week, and I've since been back two more times; once for lunch and another time for dinner with my husband.  After those three additional visits, I can say that I still recommend Rita's for the following:

*breakfast
*drinks alfresco with a fabulous view
*chips and tableside prepared guacamole
*lunch if you don't mind paying a premium for the setting
*a kid friendly environment
*live music in the evenings 7 days a week

I find that while breakfast at Rita's is reasonably priced, lunch and dinner can get pricey and the food is really nothing to write home about.  I had a salad for lunch, a fish entree for one dinner, and the chicken tortilla soup at the other dinner.  I also sampled my husband's chicken wings and chicken entree.  If you go for lunch or dinner, Rita's Chopped Salad is tasty, but the entree portion is small... so is the starter portion, but I expected that from a starter.  I do not recommend the chicken tortilla soup, chicken wings, halibut, or chicken entree.  I'd probably go for a burger or tacos if I end up at Rita's for dinner in the future.

If you care less about food quality and more about convenience, ambiance, the ability to reserve a table for a group, and/or a place that is kid-friendly... don't hesitate to head to Rita's.  I am indeed a fan of this local resort gem for the entire experience (save for some of the aforementioned menu items).  I'm sure I'll head back (likely for breakfast), but won't be rushing to Rita's for lunch or dinner anytime too soon.笑
Best brunch for seafood etc. Great for a birthday or other special occasion.  Save space for the desert at the end!笑
We had breakfast here during our stay at the hotel.
It was kind of interesting decor...almost too themey...is that a word?  Since I have no idea what I'm talking about, here is the breakdown of our breakfast.

Waffles banana maple and bacon-not too bad.  The bacon was taken from the buffet.  It was like rubber.
Eggs bennie was bland.  The coffees was low quality.  Not a good experience.

The wait person obviously hated her job and the bus boy was more helpful.  He clearly wants that job, he should have it.笑
We have dined at Rita's Kitchen many times.  
Went last night for Valentines day...granted, the Camelback Inn is the best in the world, with it's exclusive, one-in-a-million view of Camelback Mountain, but I must be honest, even when I adore a place!
GOOD:
The Atlantic salmon was exquisite as always.  We do not like the bitter-burp causing FIRE roasting (at any eatery) so we always request pan-seared fish. They always get it right, cooked through out and not burned on the surface...not old flavor, very fresh!
The Caesar salad was the same as always...NO vinegar and yes, light anchovy flavor.
The Reisling wine was typical Chateau St. Michelle and fresh, so it was good.

BAD: Raphael took our order and another person delivered salads with a friendly/professional persona, as did the next young lady who brought the fresh out-of-the-oven rolls. 

We never saw Raphael again...until the check delivery. Finally Clemente strolled through,and we suspected he was either the wine steward or the manager...as soon as Raphael saw him with us...he promptly showed appeared. Clemente told him that he could bring the check.

UGLY: He never returned to see if dinner was ok. He never asked if we wanted another glass of wine, he never offered dessert menu. When someone else gave us the dessert list...no one followed up to take the order! So, we declined a complimentary dessert from Clemente and just wanted the check.  
MANY dining on the favored patio and we were "alone" almost indoors...so, we were out of sight out of mind apparently!

WORST: From the moment Raphael arrived at out table, his breathe smelled of ALCOHOL! He bent over to hear me speaking when taking the orders...and there was no mistaking it!笑
This review is overdue!  I'm sad to say that I don't remember the name of my server, but she was SO NICE.  I stopped by for lunch during a business trip, and I had some time to kill.  I ordered my lunch and a water with lemon.  The waitress was great about refilling my water and "making sure that I would stay hydrated".  It was really wonderful, and made me feel taken care of - kind of like a kid, but not in a childish way.  In a "I just care" kind of way.  She even prepared me a plastic to go cup of water with a lemon in it, and I refilled it all day long.

I've actually been here twice (once for dinner and once for lunch). Everything is delicious.  Perfectly cooked, thoughtful, and fresh.  The margaritas are fantastic, and the guacamole is delicious.  I highly recommend coming here, even if you are not staying at the Camelback.笑
Great ambiance and really good live band the Friday night we went!  Food portions were super tiny and expensive for happy hour though so that was a little frustrating. It gets packed so get there early for HH.笑
I'm willing to pay for great food. This place? big miss for me. Food wasn't that great at any price. Green Chili Pork over beans could have been amazing but such a tiny portion!  So disappointing. The Chicken Enchiladas looked good and my friend said they were. The Fish Special came out raw. Pink, translucent Raw! They replaced it with the tiniest portion of Sea Bass. I'm actually embarrassed for the Chef. Tiny portions for $25-$30? Come on!!!
They have beautiful ambiance, good service, nice live entertainment but where's the Beef? (Old commercial)
I'm here on Business for 3 more days and I definitely have some weight to lose but after reading other reviews, I'm not the only one that is disappointed in this Restaurant.  Step it up Marriott!笑
I wouldn't normally write a separate review for the in-house restaurant at a hotel, but the breakfast buffet was so delicious that I feel compelled to write.
It's the details that make a place 5 stars and here, it was was quality of the cheese danishes, the chocolate croissants, the perfectly crisp hash browns...and the omelet bar.  Also, a lot of fresh fruit, smoked salmon,---basically, this was a gourmet quality breakfast place with a wide selection of anything you could want in the morning.
I think they charge $24 and that is a bargain for a fancy breakfast buffet.笑
Very traditional southwest setting. Offers a very nice dinner setting.
We had planned to eat outside but the cool weather in Phoenix that day (go figure) forced dining indoors.
The food was delicious, once we got it.
The restuarant had no more than 20 patrons that night and it took almost 45 minutes for our entrees to be delivered. It was odd because our appetizers were delivered tableside in what seemed like seconds.
All in all the place is a wonderful place to eat and take in the history, ambience and southwest charm. I would like ot think that the slow service that night was just representative of a "bad day" and not business as usual.笑
Great spot for breakfast if you're staying at Camelback Inn. Convenient location. Clean, hit-or-miss service, food is good. If you wake up late on Sunday the normal buffet breakfast is over at 10am and you have to order from the normal breakfast menu or get the champagne brunch. Eat alfresco to enjoy the scenery. On Sundays they have live music from 10am to 2pm. They also have TVs so if you're a Football fanatic, you can watch your game, while eating brunch, while listening to live music!笑
Awesome! I went here on a very sunny Saturday morning, around 10AM. Upon driving up to the absolutely gorgeous Camelback Inn (not on Camelback Rd), I valet'ed the ride and walked in, and was seated right away. Had a great table by the fountain, and was luckily shaded by the umbrella from the ever-increasing AZ sunshine. The menu is not expansive, but I was able to decide on something I was looking forward to; the club sandwich 1/2 with small Caesar and Tortilla Soup. I got a lemonade to drink, and the lemonade ranks second only to the fantastic lemonade at The Orange Table. I really liked the presentation of the meal, with the three items served on the same rectangular plate. The service was excellent, and I couldn't help but be in a great mood. Kind of like when you are in a shitty mood and "Brown-Eyed Girl" by Van Morrison comes on the radio. As I walked back to the car and admired the beautiful view and landscaping of the Camelback Inn, I noted to myself that this would be a great place to take my Mom the next time she is in town. I started this review giving it four stars, but after writing this, I'm changing it to a fiver.笑
So nice, loved the live music, Good drinks and fun catching up with a friend. If your in the area you should stop in for happy hour. The open air area was outstanding.笑
My husband made a reservation for Mothers Day, for four people. Myself, mother in-law, son, and husband walked in with excitement until we met the hostess and some guy seating everyone. We asked if we could sit outside and the guy snidely asks "Well did you request to sit outside on the reservation?" My husband responded with "No... there was no option to do that." Guy rudely responds with "well.. normally people request to be seated outside when making a reservation. And all of those tables are reserved for people who requested it." He started walking away... turns around and says "I'll seat you now." Mind you, he grabbed four menus ( my son is 4 years old and looks like it... no possible way you could mistake him for being able to read a menu), I asked him if we could have the kids menu with crayons... he stopped and freaking rolling his eyes right at me! I should have turned around and walked right out. Not a good first impression, I didn't want to spoil the morning so I went along with it. Oh and he sat us as far away from outside as possible, bypassing all of the tables near the patio, we were the third group in the restaurant... only two other tables were taken. Our waitress was really nice and attentive... kudos to her! The breakfast buffet was phenomenal, I would totally go back... except if I see that guy again I'd probably punch him in the throat.  I guess someone told him that my husband is a supervisor for Marriott because the guy came back a little while later to kiss some ass, asking how our meal was... we just ignored him until he went away. When we were done (an hour and fifteen minutes later) guess what? The restaurant was STILL nowhere near capacity. There should have been no problem for that jackass to seat us outside or near the patio, he just wanted to be a jerk.笑
The food service here is really good. The host, to the servers, to the bussers are all really pleasant and nice. They are accommodating and friendly. Food prices are reasonable and the quality is on par with the price. They also had live music when we went sunday night which was a pleasant surprise. There is an outdoor seating area which was perfect for the kids to run around when they finished their meal. Overall it was a great place to eat and a nice place to take out of towners to get a view of camelback.笑
This place as a killer breakfast buffet.  Many food stations - grill it your way, sides, fruit, salmon plate, fruit bar, grains, pastries - they have it all. Chef Ricketts is a powerhouse - can serve 15 people simultaneously with 9 omelette pans, two waffles and two scrambles all going at once.

Beautiful patio Dining with great views, friendly wait staff and plenty of umbrellas for shade and a few fire pits when the temp drops.笑
This has to be my favorite buffet.  If you're looking for something like a casino buffet, this place is NOT it.  If you want quality food that won't make you feel like crap afterwards, then this is the place for you.  I took my family here for Sunday champagne brunch, and everyone left very happy and full.  There's a made-to-order eggs and omelette station, cheese and charcuterie, oatmeal/cereal, grilled veggies, salads, fruit, quesadilla and taco station, seafood and steak station, pasta station, and desserts galore!  Everything is so well made that you feel like you're eating at a gourmet restaurant instead of a buffet.  We got a seat by the window so we were able to enjoy the beautiful Arizona scenery too.笑
Excellent experience here!

I highly recommend the shrimp enchilladas in green sauce as well as the carne asada tacos.

Sit outside and enjoy the weather, live music and great atmosphere. The drinks are STRONG so be advised. 

Yes, it's expensive, know that before you go.笑
What a beautiful setting, great service and excellent prices at happy hour!  This place is just cozy and a great place to have a few cocktails.笑
This is a $$$$ place. Great atmosphere and service at the Camelback Inn, but very pricy; $16 for a regular 2 egg breakfast that should be $6-7 anywhere else?笑
Supremely underwhelming IMO.  Boyfriend and I came here on New Year's Day for their brunch buffet.  We didn't want to be useless for the rest of the day so we opted out of the full buffet and just stuck to the breakfast items.

The eggs and pancakes to order was pretty nice, but that's the extent of it.  Everything else is pretty much what you would expect from a hotel continental breakfast.  Nothing spectacular and definitely not worth $25 per person.

I'm assuming the full buffet is much better, since I saw everything from a raw bar to prime rib being served.  However, it still doesn't really seem worth the money to be served food from under a heat lamp. 

If you're a buffet person, this definitely seems like a good one.  But if you're on the fence, just sit this one out and order off the menu.笑
It's $65 for the buffet but oh, what a buffet! I ate about 30 Alaskan crab claws, scallops, smoked salmon, shrimp, tenderloin, crab cakes, carne asada, crepes Suzette, creme brûlée. Add to it there are bottomless mimosas and...damn. I'm in a food coma. So great!笑
Excellent food and service.  Much more than you would expect at a hotel restaurant.  Wounderful setting facing Mummy Mountain.  At night they have live music, a really hopping scene.  Great for Lunch or Dinner (and breakfast).  If it is full, you can order from the menu in the bar and watch a game on the TV.笑
Fantastic restaurant! Best table side guacamole in town. Great patio atmosphere & live jazz or 70s music. Fantastic beet salad, fish dishes, tacos, enchiladas, & blackberry hibiscus mojitos. One of the best brunches I've ever been to as well. Great service.笑
Our second time staying at the JW Camelback. Rita's is delicious and the service is excellent. The ambience of the huge, lighted patio with water features and live guitar(single musician) music is so relaxing and fun! Try the chopped salad and Queso fundido for an appetizer. Yum!笑
To this day, all I can think about is their Shrimp Enchiladas. If you are going to order one thing from this restaurant, make it that. They come in a Fiestaware bowl...caked with a melt-in-your-mouth green Tomatillo sauce, topped with Sauza cheese. To make it even better, the inside has fresh shrimp, cooked just-right tortilla and topped with a fresh, crisp cabbage slaw (not mayo rich, just enough -- thinking they use sour cream instead?) So, I had this my first night and I could have eaten it for the next three nights while I was there. Heavenly.

The outdoor patio is wonderful, relaxing and even though it was chilly, there were plenty of heat lamps and I was a bit jealous of the folks that nabbed the fire pit. Live music pretty much every night (I'm not the one to judge this considering I don't venture much into guitar cover band land.) Service was a bit flake the first night, but the the second time we dined there the waitress was top notch. 

I heard that local folks often eat there even if they aren't staying at the hotel and I could see why. It's a beautiful setting, relaxing and wonderful local flavors.

P.S. Breakfast is good too! Opt for the al-a-cart breakfast if you're not a big eater in the mornings, the buffet seemed a tad much and overpriced for the amount of food you could actually eat from it. But, that's the American way!笑
Really good happy hour. Beautiful patio!笑
Awesome happy hour!! The drinks are great...even the basic margarita is delicious! Chips and salsa are fresh! Carne asade tacos that I had we're very good and would definitely have them again.  The service was pretty incredible considering the amount of people that were on the patio.  The patio is so pretty with the lighting and water flowing around you.  Nice that there is such a great place for even local Phoenecians to hang out at!!笑
Came for the Mother's Day brunch and I must say that it was one of the best brunches I have ever had. Such a great diversity and delicious foods appetizers cheeses hot and cold meat stations breakfast station and so much more and most of all it was all prepared perfectly.笑
Stopped in here for happy hour. The happy hour cocktails were tasty, and the food was pretty good. The fundido dip was our favorite item( although it was pretty greasy on top). Decently priced happy hour, and what we ordered was pretty good, but we weren't wowed enough to return again in the future probably.笑
My first negative review and hopefully my last.  We made a reservation through Open Table based on the reviews and because all of the other restaurants in town were booked solid.  

We arrived at Rita's Kitchen and there about 4 tables occupied (which was the first indication that this was not going to be good) on a very quiet Friday night.  We were seated at a broken lopsided table inside stuffed against a corner and then we never saw anyone ever again to take our drink order.  We waited for about 15 mins and couldn't catch any waitresses attention as they walked by.  Never once did anyone acknowledge us or have any concern that there were customers not being take care of.

We gave up on trying to flag down a waitress and decided to leave and go elsewhere.  We attempted to make another reservation elsewhere through open table but the hostess had not checked out our reservation.  We called the restaurant and was put on hold for 10 minutes.  We hung up and called back and asked to speak to a manager and was put on hold for a good while again.  Manager was cordial and apologetic.  They couldn't figure out why the reservation was not clearing.  

My advice, pick another restaurant in the Valley.  Any other one.  This one is not a good value for the prices I saw on the menus, nor the service.笑
One of my favorite spots for happy hour (I think it is daily from 3-6) in the valley. I love their open and spacious patio. They have a beautiful view. And live music everyday on the patio at 7. Valet parking is free. 

I love to get their special margarita during happy hour, it's always something fun an different. The last one I had included thyme and it was yummy! Some of our favorite happy hour items are the salsa sampler, guac, carne asada tacos, chicken quesadilla, and filet mignon sliders all under $7. We usually get the salsa and and maybe 1 or 2 other items which easily make a full meal. 

The large fire pits are a great spot to sit if you are looking to socialize with other guests. There's not an uncomfortable seat outside where you can't just sit back and relax, which you will since the service is also pretty relaxed.  

Please note, they always ask us if we are a guest at the hotel or not when ordering and take our credit card if we are not.笑
Overall, my party was very happy with Rita's.  We started off with the chips and guac, which were fantastic-- very crisp but not stale chips, and guac that wasn't too salty or spicy, although they can make it as salty or as spicy as you like.  My boyfriend ordered a caesar, and I honestly think it's the best caesar I've ever had because the dressing was really creamy!  I had the shrimp enchiladas and a side of their corn, which they were nice enough to take off of the cob for me.  I love Mexican corn, and this was some of the best!  The enchiladas were great too.  My boyfriend had the seabass, and it was well cooked and had a pretty good flavor, although maybe not as rich as I prefer seabass to be.  I can't remember what our friends had, but I know they were happy as well.  The service was just as good as the food.  I would definitely recommend it!笑
I've been to the R Bar several times...always on a Saturday evening though. . And it's never crowded. Very welcoming and relaxed atmosphere. There is indoor/outdoor seating. I love the music! One man band plays until 10pm or 11pm. The staff is helpful. They're there when you need them. I've tried several of their dishes. The baja shrimp cocktail is my favorite! The chicken chopped salad is my least favorite. It is a chopped salad, but the chicken breast wasn't chopped (hmmmm), I could'nt stop eating the calamari! Definitely put R Bar on your list if you have looking for a place to mellow out.笑
Go for the Guacamole and the Sangria! 

I am a fan of the Camelback Inn. It is a great place to get away from the Valley while in the Valley. It's atmosphere and elegance are wonderful and only matched by the red sangria made at the R Bar. It's fresh with delicious bits of fruit and with just the right amount of  sweetness. My wife and I stopped in after dinner one night and spent the evening finishing a pitcher of this great nectar of the gods. Moreover the R Bar atmosphere adds to the experience. We spent part of the evening lounging on a comfortable couch in the corner and the rest staring at the stars while sitting around one of the outdoor fire rings. Looking for a romantic end to the night or a great place to meet up with friends for a special escape? I highly recommend the R Bar.笑
My go to place for a nice, relaxing dinner with great views, live music (every night) and a beutiful atmosphere/charm.  I bring  alot of out of town guests here, and they always love it.  It has an old Phoenix feel.  It is kid friendly, and all of the employees know our names.  We love to sit outside on a nice night, and have drinks at the firepit after dinner.  RELAXING!笑
Being outside on patio with the beautiful back drop of the mountains was exactly what I was hoping for and music was nice. Service and food were mediocre at best.  Ordered everything on the Happy hour just to sample. Go for the environment and enjoy :) 
They also took my credit card when I wanted to pay cash and said at the end I can pay in cash which I did and then two days later saw my credit card was charged too :( 
I was of course NOT happy about that and the time it took with the accounting department and my bank. UGH!笑
Over the thanksgiving holiday, my parents and I stayed at the Marriott Camelback Inn, where Rita's is located. I enjoyed two of the most delicious meals here. We were lucky enough to devour their Thanksgiving brunch, which included an assortment of every type of food imaginable. We sat their from 1130-5pm, listening to the live music and enjoying the amazing food and bottomless mimosas! Even though the brunch ended at 2, our server Elizabeth was more than happy to serve us and many others until the end of the day. On Saturday, we sat by the fire on comfy sofas for happy hour. We ordered the Filet Sliders, Crispy Fries, and Grilled Cheese, which were all mouthwatering. To drink, we ordered three Lincoln drives- tasted like pink lemonade, was refreshing and delightful. Overall, my experience at the JW Marriott and Rita's was spectacular. Rita's went above and beyond to ensure my family had the best Thanksgiving weekend. The service, the atmosphere, and the food was outstanding.笑
Greeaattt Mojitos and a great band on Saturdays!
Prompt, professional wait staff.笑
Great place for Sunday brunch! Everything is fantastic. Bottomless bubbly, freshly made eggs Benedict, wonderful selections from the grill. Ask for Gigi! She's amazing! She has been looking after us for over 10 years. It's always wonderful!笑
Was there yesterday. Sat out back for happy hour. They are clearly understaffed at that time because after sitting awhile I went to go find someone. She came out to impatiently take our order but we had no menus. She brought menus and then disappeared again. We managed to get drinks but after she dropped them and 10 minutes went by, I went inside only to be further annoyed by the surly and unhelpful bartender. The other outside server was super nice. I wish she had been helping us. The resort is lovely but mediocre food and discourteous  staff do not warrant a return trip.笑
I ate here twice while on a staycation (the resort itself is awesome...but that's another post)

The first night we went for dinner. First off I love the atmosphere. Live music on the patio that was full, but our seats inside were right by the doors that they completely open up to the patio so it's like being there  anyway. Great for the 2 months a year that it isn't scorching hot here in Az 

We got chips, salsa, and guac. The guac was good but I'm not a fan of their salsa at all. We ended up asking for pico that was at least better but still not great

For my entree I got the chopped salad and added on steak. When it arrived I was shocked at how small it was for an entree salad. Didn't really have much flavor either. It was disappointing. The people I was with didn't seem to love their food either. While not as bad as mine, it was just "ok". And the price is high for it coming with any kind of sides. Their saving grace for the night though was that I got their churros for dessert (I was still hungry after that teeny tiny salad). Very fresh and had a great texture. Soft and slightly chewy...not too hard. But even with the good dessert overall it was underwhelming to say the least. I don't go to restaurants just for good desserts. I expect a good dinner 

We asked about brunch the next day and the hostess almost downplayed it...saying it was "only" their summer brunch so it doesn't have as many options. We showed up anyway and I'm sooo glad that we did!! If that was their scaled down brunch the winter brunch must be insane!  Lots of great options. Your typical breakfast foods...potatoes, French toast, breakfast meats fruit etc. Then empanadas, prime rib, shrimp, guacamole, antipasto platters, enchiladas...all kinds of good stuff! All of it was tasty too. Nothing "eh" like dinner the night before. They are very generous with the bottomless mimosas as well and are quick to refill your glass. You can also actually taste the champagne...they don't skimp!! They do it just how I like...champagne with a splash of orange juice lol. 

Overall...skip the restaurant for dinner. Not sure about lunch. I'm really glad I didn't let our dinner experience hold us back from going to brunch. Had I just gone for dinner my score would be a 2 or 3. But with the delicious brunch I'll raise it to a solid 4笑
Joined friends for a birthday celebration. The patio was beautifully and fun. I had 2 margaritas that were flavorful as well. Enjoyed the drinks although expensive. I also checked out the dinner menu...prices seemed a little high but who knows the quality might very well match the cost.笑
My new favorite place. Went there the first time this past week.  Won't be my last time.  There is a wide selection of margaritas and the wine was delicious.  big portion of food and it was delicious. The best part - sitting on the patio listening to live music and watching the fire pit!  This is the place to go whether on date night, a work night or whenever!    Camelback Inn is a beautiful resort.笑
I don't give five stars lightly.  Rita's is a 5 star everything.  Dining in the Sunday sunshine, with a creative little trio playing in the background, an endless supply of coffee, and a waiter with a smile a yard long was a most pleasant way to spend time with friends.  Dine on the patio, you won't be disappointed.  My omelette was perfectly fluffy, filled with MY requested additions, my hubby's burger was possibly the best he'd ever had, and the fries were obviously hand cut and fried to nirvana.  We'll be back, Rita!!!!笑
Loved the beet and goat cheese salad with grilled chicken. Great ambience and outdoor diining area complete with fire pits and live music. The R  bar connects to Rita's  and it is one of our favorite places to hang out.笑
This patio is well worth the drive. It's huge and has tons of view and ambiance. The happy hour food was delicious as well.笑
Came here with a big group and the manager insisted that he couldn't seat 13 people together so we dealt with being seated on two separate tables. However an hour later a group of 18 ish people were seated together. Moreover, they were not accommodating with respect to dinner options as someone at our table had food issues. The server was very rude about it. The lobster bisque was terrible. It tasted like someone poured half a bottle of wine into it. Rest of food was mediocre. Never again! Won't be back.笑
We have been coming to Rita's several times a year for the last several years.  Typically around holidays or other events that brought everyone to town. We would always come in with a large group, 2-4 families, with kids, plus grandparents, aunts, uncles, etc. It was a great tradition - the food was good, beautiful setting, and pretty easy to have a large group with some wiggly kids. 

BUT... the last few times we have been there it has gone down hill a lot. The food quality has decreased. Several items came out cold during our last visit, and when we brought it to the waitresses attention, she begrudgingly took the food back to the kitchen. While the food has been disappointing, the service has been terrible.

The last straw was during our last visit -- we had made a reservation ahead of time for our large group of 15. When we called, there was no mention of any automatic gratuity. We would have expected perhaps the usual 18% (although the service we were getting was NOT worth 18%). And it was not posted on their menu. Boy were we shocked when we got the check and they had added 22% (TWENTY-TWO percent gratuity). The check was over $300. So that's a huge, undeserving tip!

Given the price they are charging for their food and their reputation, I would really expect good to great food and exceptional service. We will not be back. It's a bummer because it is a beautiful and historic place (my grandparents used to stay here way back in the 50s). But the 22% automatic gratuity was so obnoxious, it's ridiculous.笑
The ambience is a postcard of what an Arizona experience should be.  I would bring my husband here on a date, my family for a meal, a business associate here for a meeting, or meet friends here after work in a heartbeat....if I felt I could get a server.  

We were staying at the property on Friday and they had one server for the entire outdoor area.   Even at 3:45, he was so backed up that you couldn't order a drink, and if he did come by he had no time to review your ordering options.   There were other 'management types' walking around, but I didn't see them helping the server out, and they definitely were avoiding eye contact with thirsty and hungry looking patrons.    We left without ordering more because we couldn't get consistent attention.  The food was not as good as the 'sister bar ', BLT, although the view is better.   Re the sister bar, the happy hour menu is amongst the best in Phoenix, but once again, good luck getting attentive service unless you are seated directly at the bar.笑
We ate out on the patio last night. The weather was gorgeous the band was terrific and the food was delicious. In my previous review I forgot to mention their margaritas. They are my favorite margs in town. They are expensive but I love the fresh lime juice. I had the special which was grouper fish with asparagus and mashed potatoes. It was very flavorful and nicely prepared. My friend ordered seafood tacos.笑
Really enjoyed the shrimp enchiladas. Atmosphere is great and fun cocktails. Tacos were a bit disappointing.笑
Came to Rita's a few times during a 4 day stay at the Camelback Inn Resort. The venue was really beautiful with a relatively small indoor area with some TVs, but the outside was massive and really just beautiful at night. Fire pits were blazing and the live music really set a romantic and relaxing mood. (Extra points for that). 

In my experiences the wait staff were hit or miss. When it was just drinks, everything came out pretty quickly, but every time we seemed to order bar food while drinking it was a little delayed. The food, however, was really yummy. 

Will definitely continue to hang there when visiting the resort again. Not sure I'd make a special trip if I were staying el笑
We were recently in Scottsdale to celebrate my wife's 50th birthday which happened to fall on Sunday, the 16th. We were with another couple who always said this was the best Sunday brunch in America, (better than the Broadmoor Hotel in Colorado Springs and others). We were excited about the birthday as well as the highly recommended brunch.

Unfortunately, upon arrival, things went bad and never improved. We were seated at an outdoor table with a good view (one of the few positives), however, a circular pool of vomit was adjacent to one of our chairs. We had to ask for someone to come and clean it up. Instead of "I'm terribly sorry, let me seat you at another table," we just had to stand around the area and wait almost 10 minutes for the clean up to be completed.

During the delay, I decided to explore the buffet and what was being offered to make it so expensive. I started at the first area (inside) and was greeted by the stifling smell of rotten fish. Perhaps, that was what made the last person so sick. Moving quickly past to the row of food items arranged outside (where the air was fresh), I asked to see the lamb chops and beef tenderloin, both of which were cooked beyond "well done." Even the prime rib was overcooked and dry. The cooked meats appeared just right for my in-laws from Oklahoma, but out of the question for anyone who typically orders medium-rare. French toast and other egg items appeared to have been pre-cooked, certainly not to order. The only edible item was the fresh tacos being made to order by an old Mexican woman.

I returned to our table after the vomit was cleaned up, decided not to order the buffet and asked the waiter for a menu. My wife and the other couple opted for the buffet (against my recommendation). I waited at least 10 more minutes for the menu to come and the waiter disappeared again. Finally, I ordered a simple bacon cheeseburger and fries for which, again, I had to wait almost 25 minutes. I guess I was being punished for not ordering the overpriced, overcooked buffet!

After we were through and left, I asked my wife how the tacos were (the ONLY thing she got from the buffet that she could eat). She said "fine, but hardly worth the price." I'm glad the other couple picked up the check as this was simply HORRIBLE food and a big disappointment! Do yourself a favor and skip the Sunday brunch at Rita's Cafe - no matter what people tell you.笑
Fantastic patio, great value on the food. The green Chile pork sliders are amazing....笑
One of the best Sunday brunches in AZ. Great selection from breakfast to full carving stations. Staff is very friendly. Our waitress Suzi was awesome! I'll post pics笑
I was staying the Marriott Camelback Inn, so the restaurant was very convenient for us.   The breakfast buffet here was awesome!  The pancakes and omelets are cooked to perfection.  They offer so much variety and the fruit was the absolute best.  The lox was fresh and delicious. Being on vacation and having breakfast outside in perfect warm weather doesn't hurt either笑
Great Mexican food in a casual setting. Excellent service. Soup outstanding! Every dish was excellent!!! Get the chicken tortilla soup!笑
Great for breakfast but just ok for dinner.  The outside dining has a beautiful view and inside is romantic but loses its appeal because of the loud bar across the room.  The bar can get loud that it can get distracting.  Dinner was just ok but breakfast was awesome.  The service in this entire resort is bar none. They truly care that you have a great experience.  Hostess and wait staff were just amazing.笑
BEST. Sunday. Brunch. Ever. Their super pricey seasonal brunch does not start until October, so our experience was the $22 with the $8 unlimited champagne option. Best $30 I have ever spent! Our server was extremely nice and accommodating the entire time we were there which was from 10:30 until they closed around 1:00pm and even helped us move inside when it got too hot outside.  

All of the food is insanely delicious. The man behind the counter will make you pancakes, waffles, omelets all any way you desire! The warm cheese blintzes are to die for. The fruit is super fresh and delicious too and I can not WAIT to go back when it cools off a bit and enjoy the delightful scenery surrounding the patio.笑
i was very impressed with this restaurant in paradise valley.  We had a wonderful dining experience.  The atmosphere was fabulous, sitting outside under the desert stars. Listening to some great live music on Wednesday night. Rita Rita margarita was smooth and the guacamole is made fresh.  the steak tacos were excellent with some great homemade tortillas.  i highly recommend this restaurant.笑
Cute place. Service was attentive, drinks were sweet. A live music trio played. I will say that during happy hour it's better to go down the hall to the BLT Steak (bar) for a deal and the popovers.笑
We came here and sat inside for dinner, then went outside afterward to have a drink.  This place has great outdoor patio seating, with views of the mountains with water fountains and cabanas (the outdoor area is shared with R Bar, which has a small menu of drinks and apps itself).  They also have live music on the patio, there was an acoustic band playing Beetles songs when we went.  I would definitely recommend sitting on the patio if it is nice outside.笑
Perfect place when you want live music and outdoor seating. Beautiful views and amazing margaritas! 

One of the places I've been to but seem to forget to review... but I got pictures this time! Came here on a Friday night with my boyfriend and his family. We started with the shrimp ceviche while we waited for everyone else to arrive. To be quite honest, it was just okay. It was much more watery than we expected and seemed to only have a few shrimps that were cut into it. 

I got the Rita Rita margarita and it definitely went down easy. I think I had 3 of them! When everyone arrived, we got an order of the queso and it was so friggin good! Everyone enjoyed it. We also got the guacamole and salsa but it couldn't top the queso. 

For my main meal, I got the sea bass while everyone else ordered the enchiladas. I think my boyfriend was the only one that ordered the green chile pork one though. I'm always the one in our dinner party to order fish. I thought it was put together nicely but I would like to try something else next time. I always enjoy Chilean sea bass but it just didn't stand out to me. Maybe it was because I had too many margaritas at this point. 

For dessert, we decided on the churros. Perfectly for sharing and it comes with a spicy chocolate dipping sauce! Unexpected (because we didn't read the description) but a good surprise.

We've always enjoyed our meals here - looking forward to the next visit.笑
as the holidays fade into the calendar behind me i reflect back on the month of december and i realize i spent the entire past month attending an ocean of parties, drinking a river of christmas cocktails, and wading through a forest of friends at random gatherings in a haze of booze and mistletoe.

it was festive, it was fun... and it was exhausting. as i scroll back through the rolodex of 2010 holiday memories, the R Bar most certainly stands out as one of my top 5 favorite evenings.

our very big group of holiday revelers was initially seated indoors as we waited for a circle of chairs surrounding a fire pit to free up. right after we ordered our first round, the sweetheart of a hostess ran over to let us know the party sitting there had just closed their tab and we could pounce on the coveted area. 

once our group was seated outdoors in over sized lounge chairs beneath twinkle lights by a crackling fire, i took note of the rest of our surroundings.... stunning! a striking desert rock formation as a backdrop, waterfalls roaring, a moat trickling through, live music filled the air, laughter, conversation, clinking glasses.

i don't know if it was the group i was there with, the energy of the crowd, or that everyone seems to be in an especially happy mood during the holidays, but the air had an electricity to it that night.... i settled back into the cushions, poured myself deep into a cocktail and let me date hold my hand.  

we ended up staying until closing time and then finally moved onto a new venue.

alas, R Bar is the kind of place you don't remember much about the service because it was so flawlessly executed... you don't remember the name of your drink, only that it tasted divine and you barely remember the conversations you had, only that you laughed the entire time.

however, you DO remember you hated leaving and couldn't wait to come back.

PS: ok, i lied. i did remember ordering the rose margarita a few times and yummmm.笑
Excellent breakfast selection and great dinner choices. I would recommend trying their crispy French toast for breakfast while sitting outdoors underneath the umbrellas with the Mummy Mountain scenic view! 
They also have yummy fish tacos and a nice artichoke appetizer to compliment your meal at dinner.笑
Came here today for my buddy's surprise birthday and enjoyed the Sunday brunch buffet. It was amazing! The mountain views within the patio were beautiful and the buffet spread was top notch.  Dined on delicious crab claws, other seafood like scallops & shrimp, sushi rolls, prime rib, filet mignon, Mexican classics like carne asada & tacos, an array of salads, and more! The price for brunch is quite steep, but this is an opulent buffet with high-end dishes. To top it all off, the service was impeccable. Will return again with family!笑
Can't like loved the pork dish they had. Service was nice love the scene. It's a older crowd but don't take them lightly they were drinking margaritas like they were going outta style. The drinks were good. Wasn't to bad for kids either even though my 2yr old was a bit loud the live music drowned him out from other tables. I'd def go back.笑
Horribly poor, slow service. 

And, I don't know why they like to cancel my reservations I make on Open Table after I've already dined there. I've had to re-confirm twice that I actually dined there to earn my Open Table points.笑
Strap on the feed bag. This place place is serious about quality food, people, and atmosphere.笑
My husband and I ate Sunday brunch at Rita's Kitchen located at the Camelback Resort. The brunch is cheaper in the summer during the off season, but unfortunately we arrived in town during the first week of the more expensive brunch. However, it was worth it! There are so many delicious selections ranging from American breakfast foods to authentic Mexican to crab legs and gourmet desserts. The service was exceptional and there was live music. I highly recommend reservations as most tables were full. Outside, shaded seating is available and I would recommend it weather permitting.

Now for some of my favorites....The fresh fruit was wonderful and tasted fresh picked. The shrimp and crab legs were perfect. There is a wide selection of artisan cheeses that paired nice with the other items. Don't forget to try some of the fresh made tortillas! My favorite desserts were the cheesecake, bread pudding, and chocolate cookies. Our waiter even gave us a to go box of cookies for later!笑
There's no disputing the beauty of the setting, but the club sandwich I had for lunch was ordinary at best.  At $15 it was overpriced.  Service, however, was wonderful, and I'll probably return.笑
One of my most favorite pleasures in my food life is Sunday Brunch. If you're looking for that amazing Hotel brunch buffet, this is the spot! I've been to a good amount of the fancy resort brunch buffets, but this one has the best spread, and for the best price. 

$60 per person (don't chock) get's you unlimited amount of fresh shell fish, Belgian Waffles, Pancakes and typical breakfast items, the most amazing Filet Mignon taco's, petite filets, shrimp scampi, unbelievable crab cakes, lamb chops, a huge spread of cheeses and dried fruits, and finally, an entire room dedicated to your sweet tooth! Honestly, I could keep going on, that is just a few of my favorite items! Each dish is constantly replaced- don't you hate it at the buffet when there is one scoop of hash browns left stuck to the side of the pan? Services is Marriott amazing, and I promise, if you are looking to gorge yourself and your family on a special occasion, do not overlook Camelback Inn! 

PS- the patio is gorgeous and they have nice live music throughout brunch!笑
Rita's kitchen has high quality, genuinely delicious food in a beautiful environment. The fajitas may be the best I've had and table side guac was better than the usual. Got to get the oaxacan chocolate cookies for desert, yeah they're amazing. Take a pleasant walk through the resort gardens after the meal. Very nice find.笑
They recently changed Happy Hour offerings. Gone are the best sangria in town, healthy fish tacos and fabulous shrimp and chicken enchiladas. You can order them off main menu but you will pay dearly. Too bad, this place had the best happy hour around.笑
Rita's Kitchen is a hidden gem located right smack in the center of the Camelback Inn. While this may be a hot-spot for hotel guests, I think that locals might be missing out on its charm. 

I am a huge fan of anything the Camelback Inn does, especially since they offer live music and a great space for relaxation and Rita's Kitchen is no exception. This restaurant is airy and opens up to the spacious Camelback Inn patio where they play live music every night. 

Breakfast: 

Breakfast at Rita's is sublime and pretty reasonably priced. They offer a breakfast buffet for around $23 which includes eggs made to order (including omelets), pancakes, waffles, pastries, fresh fruit, bacon, sausage and hashbrowns. It's a great pick for a leisurely weekend breakfast. Just today was Mother's Day and while we only did the breakfast buffet, I did catch a glimpse of the Mother's Day brunch and holy moly do they know how to wow a crowd! Not only did they have stations set up all throughout the restaurant, patio and R-Bar, but they also had an extensive dessert area with build-your-own sundaes, freshly made cotton candy (in an old fashioned cotton candy maker) and a long dessert table with a chocolate fountain. 

Lunch:

Lunch here is sublime and I also enjoy either the tacos or the chicken sandwich. The chicken sandwich is particularly a favorite of mine due to the cheese and sauce. The fries are tasty as well and you can either get sweet potato or regular. I also get sweet potato then regret not just getting the regular which are better in my mind. If the weather permits, sit on the patio and enjoy the beautiful water fountains, views of the mountain and tropical/desert setting.笑
Went to Rita's Kitchen with a large group of extended family. Service was alright.
The big hype of their table side guacamole, was just that. My teenage daughter makes better guacamole and she doesn't charge me $16.00 to make it.
It's such a great setting and their steak is great. For all the hype I'll put the money toward my daughters schooling at ASU, and let her make the guac at home.笑
You can't be R-Bar on a beautiful Arizona night (not the hot kind, the beautiful spring and fall kind). 

The Camelback Inn recently modeled this place and Wow! Its absolutely gorgeous and everything you want. Lots of space, plenty of oversized furniture, fire pits, twinkle lights, water features and live music all against the background of the mountains. You'll pay for it with cocktails averaging $14, but its so worth it. 

My husband and I (late 20s) love coming here for a nightcap after dinner. We just sit and listen to the live music and enjoy the beautiful Arizona nights. We love walking through the property and sitting in the secluded Adirondack chairs and enjoying our drinks. It doesn't get better than this on a nice night.

We were hesitant to try - thought it would be an older, stuffy crowd but its not at all. Its very laid back with the music of visitors/guests and locals.笑
Well done food in a welcoming environment.  Despite the conference lunch crush, the staff was efficient and friendly with very minimal wait times.  I had the tortilla soup which was fantastic.笑
After returning to NM from a weekend at the Camelback Inn, I am missing it already! 

This bar was awesome- a huge open outdoor space with live music and immpeccable service. The first night we had some of their great happy hour- $4 maragaritas and queso fundido. Then the next day we came back and had some more great apps- all under $6! The filet mignon sliders and the guacamole were the favorite of our group of 4. 

When we first arrived at The Camelback Inn we were considering going out for drinks/dinner and we ended up staying right where we were- why leave?笑
My husband and I ate here for lunch as we were waiting for our room to be ready (we were checking in early).  The restaurant is very inviting and I liked the decor.  We had a great window seat the overlooked the outdoor terrace and the mountains in the background was lovely!    The hostess was very friends and our waiter was attentive and fairly personable.  

I ordered the Beet & Goat Cheese salad with Grilled Chicken and it was quite good!  Even though I liked it very much, I would only give it a 3 out of 5 because they didn't use Roasted Beets...I believe that they were canned beets.   Still good, but roasted beets would have knocked it out of the park!  The salad had spinach, mild goat cheese, mandarin oranges, red onion, and delicious candied pecans....with a balsamic vinaigrette.  It was a very good salad.  I wished I had ordered the small serving though because it was a large salad!  The 

My Husband ordered the Grilled Chicken Sandwich with fries.  The fries were SO good!  The sandwich was equally good, but spicy from the roasted pablano that was on it.

Net-net....it was a very good lunch, but I can only give it 3 stars because it cost us $40 for a salad, a sandwich, a soda (I had water),and gratuity.  For $40.00 for lunch, it should have been outstanding, not just very good.  I get that it's in a resort, but still.笑
I can't believe anyone thinks this is the place for brunch! The food was ok, and the service was slow.  We arrived for Sunday Brunch booked on Open Table, and found out that booking brunch on Open Table actually gives you the "breakfast" buffet, which is really nothing special (the free hotel buffet at Hilton Garden Inn or Holiday Inn Express is just as good and fresh). You needed a steak knife to cut the over done sausages (Denny's has better pancakes and sausages at 1/8 the price). We got a great view with our table facing the door into the hotel, not the beautiful grounds (I guess they try and jam more tables in for the brunch). The breakfast buffet at the Westin Kierland is 100 times better than Rita's, with fresher food and a much better selection. The front staff was totally apathetic and showed very poor customer service training. They blamed me, not Open Table, for booking breakfast (even though I explained I clicked on the brunch category and link).笑
Took my sis here when she was in town for a late lunch that happened to coincide with their happy hour.  We each had a glass of wine and a salad.  The salads are really good and the happy hour prices are definitely right.  The beautiful atmosphere was so relaxing and the waitress didn't rush us at all.  So peaceful and great to catch up with my sis in such a serene setting.笑
A fun beautiful relaxing environment!  The live band was very nice to listen to outdoor in the nice evening weather while enjoying some drinks. The staff is very friendly, attentive and accommodating. During lunch we sat inside which still provide for great views through the floor to ceiling windows. The options are simple yet delicious. We had the tortilla soup with quesadilla and salad as well as a chicken sandwich with sweet potato fries. I can't wait to go back.笑
The outdoor patio here is beautiful.  See the pics.  Palm trees, view of the mountains, etc.  We came here on Valentine's Day and they had a live band doing all Beatles covers.  It was amazing.  Drinks were fancy and tasty.  Classy place.笑
Great seeing in the JW Marriott Scottsdale. We were not staying at the resort but we read the reviews on Yelp and decided to try and find it. Google Maps took us on a bit of a drive through a neighborhood of million-dollar homes which was nice. The entire resort is decorated for Christmas which made it lovely. 
The food was outstanding. I don't believe I've ever had enchiladas in salsa verde that were as goid; it was quite sublime. The subtle hint of lime under the tomatillos on the enchiladas camarones con salsa verde was absolutely outstanding. For dessert we shared the chocolate torte with mini vanilla milkshake. The cake is almost two desserts in one with chocolate mousse on the top and layer cake below. We had great service from Wendy.笑
Lively and fun Happy Hour. Drinks are great. Food is good. Atmosphere is fun yet relaxing. What else can you ask for on a Friday afternoon?笑
I have stopped in here several times and have had great experiences all around. This weekend after a dinner at BLT we came in for an after dinner cocktail and were treated extremely well yet again. 

I have only eaten off the happy hour menu, which is varied, reasonable and includes some bar favorites. You can't really go wrong with that combination. Happy hour also offers several $6 cocktails - the one with prickly pear and pear vodka is divine - and glasses of wine for $5. The bar staff knows how to mix up anything you can conjure up (I've tested them) and are friendly and attentive. 

The lounge is happening several nights a week with live music and in the quiet nook that is Pardise Valley finding a live active bar scene can be a gift.笑
I joined a local friend here for dinner, and was very glad that she had recommended it. The food and service were excellent, and it was particularly fun having the (high quality) guacamole prepared fresh at our table. The hotel and grounds are also lovely, and I would have explored them a bit more thoroughly if  it hadn't been raining.笑
Had breakfast at Rita's Kitchen (one of the new restaurants at Camelback Inn) on one of their soft opening days.

The host was very warm and welcoming, and table service was very prompt and efficient. Coffee was a little too strong for my taste. However, the service staff made every effort to keep our glasses and mugs filled.

My breakfast mates seemed very happy with their choices of Eggs Benedict (all came with a side of fruit). Even of of my friends ordered French Toast (which had cornflakes and almonds).

The dining room is somewhat southwestern contemporary...almost too much for a restaurant with a name like Rita's Kitchen. It is somewhat too early to tell how this restaurant will do  at such an early stage. Nonetheless, the tasty food and gracious service are essential in predicting future success.笑
The tableside guacamole is delicious but pricey at 15 dollars. The salads are crisp and good. The 'tickled pink' (or something like that) cosmopolitan is delicious. The outdoor patio area is beautiful and comfortable. I would have happily sat back and had a few more drinks enjoying the beautiful day on the patio. We will return for chips and guacamole and pink cosmos! I love the Camelback Inn ambiance so I might be sort of biased.笑
The perfect late, light, lunch. Beautiful patio, really tasty gaspacho and flawless salads. Garden green salad fresh, crunchy and interesting, the added flank steak was charred yet still very tender and moist. Wife similarly raved about the chop salad with chicken. Would highly recommend and will not hesitate to return.笑
Our first visit. Sat on the patio and after 10 long minutes had to flag a server. If not for a time crunch my guest and I would have left. Servers all appeared overwhelmed and less than friendly. Not acceptable for upscale Scottsdale establishment on a Friday night. Good management appears to be lacking and it's a shame as this location has all the ingredients to be 4-5 stars consistently.笑
Atmosphere is amazing, absolutely beautiful location. The food was sub par. The tacos were soggy and the enchiladas were bland. I'll go back for drinks but I'll eat elsewhere.笑
Don't go here for the music. Not that the music is bad, it's just not worth the $13 margaritas.

Also keep in mind, this is a resort, so there are plenty of kids hanging around. Not exactly a live music atmosphere.


I wish I could make a recommendation for a live music venue with a relaxed atmosphere. But most Phoenix musicians, and artists generally, make their money out of town.笑
We had brunch here and went with the buffet that was recommended to us. I wish they had more selection of breakfast items as part of the buffet (eggs Benedict, crab legs or sushi, some dessert items, homemade cream cheese spreads, etc) but everything they did have was fresh and of good quality. I particularly liked the smoked salmon, pain au chocolat, omelette station, and their coffee. Price was very reasonable for the buffet and not too crowded even on a Saturday morning.笑
Fabulous place for lunch, with nice weather, sit outside, all servers are super friendly, never a mistake to come here.笑
Came for the brunch and wow it was fantastic and only $39. Great selection that you see at most places including breakfast buffet, omelette station, antipasti, warm lunch food, and cold breakfast items. I love the dessert tower they bring out at the end what a great touch. Also bottomless cupcake mimosas. The JW is absolutely killing it on Sunday brunch. Also Orlando our server was fantastic beat server I have ever had at a hotel three meal.笑
atmosphere 5 out of 5
parking 3 out of 5
service 5 out of 5
food 2 out of 5
value 2 out 5

loved the outdoor seating and the people are very nice笑
To this day, all I can think about is their Shrimp Enchiladas. If you are going to order one thing from this restaurant, make it that. They come in a Fiestaware bowl...caked with a melt-in-your-mouth green Tomatillo sauce, topped with Sauza cheese. To make it even better, the inside has fresh shrimp, cooked just-right tortilla and topped with a fresh, crisp cabbage slaw (not mayo rich, just enough -- thinking they use sour cream instead?) So, I had this my first night and I could have eaten it for the next three nights while I was there. Heavenly.


 The outdoor patio is wonderful, relaxing and even though it was chilly, there were plenty of heat lamps and I was a bit jealous of the folks that nabbed the fire pit. Live music pretty much every night (I'm not the one to judge this considering I don't venture much into guitar cover band land.) Service was a bit flake the first night, but the the second time we dined there the waitress was top notch.


 I heard that local folks often eat there even if they aren't staying at the hotel and I could see why. It's a beautiful setting, relaxing and wonderful local flavors.


 P.S. Breakfast is good too! Opt for the al-a-cart breakfast if you're not a big eater in the mornings, the buffet seemed a tad much and overpriced for the amount of food you could actually eat from it. But, that's the American way!笑
2/23/10

Sat at the patio to admire the colorful and lush surroundings, but at the expense of sitting on very damp cushions, which I didn't even notice until I had risen to go the restroom to wash my hands before having a bite to eat.  (Another man sitting at the next table eventually stood up to look for drier cushions, as well.)  Service was very friendly- that is, up until I paid, but more about this later.  Ordered the weekly drink special- the rose margarita.  Delicious!  Pretty, too.  

For apps, I tried the Cilantro hummus ($2) and the Grilled steak skewers ($5).  Loved the hummus and pita, and the pita also paired well w/ the spicy cheese sauce that came w/ the steak skewers.  As for the skewers themselves... these were processed meat pieces, not from fresh steaks.  I did not appreciate the texture.  (I'm very interested to read about others' opinions on this dish.)  To think I received more satisfaction from a $2 dish and a cheese sauce!  At least the margarita was very good...

As I've said, the service was very friendly, and patient, answering all of my allergy concerns.  I had a very hard time securing a working outlet for my laptop, though, w/ my server and the assistant manager saying that the outlet that I found was "out-of-service."  Yet, a third server/runner enthusiastically offered to get maintenance to have a look at the outlet, only to be intercepted by the asst. mgr., and suddenly, I was out of luck again.  Apparently, the asst. manager didn't want me to have use of my laptop while sitting outside.  Too bad, bec. I would've ordered another drink AND a dessert had I been able to stay much longer, but my dying battery had me packing and looking for an outlet to use elsewhere.  (Also, when it looked like I wasn't going to have access to an outlet, and after repeated visits from the server regarding dessert, I decided to ask for my receipt.  It took quite awhile to get the table ticket.  It seemed like when she knew I wasn't planning on ordering anything more, the friendly service disappeared.  Where once I had two or more reps coming over asking if I needed their assistance, I now couldn't even flag down one for a glass of water!)

I'd like to come back to surround myself again in such sensuous and verdant environs; I just will be sure not to visit right after it rains.  I may even just skip R-Bar and try Rita's Kitchen or BLT Steak's happy hour menus, instead.  Perhaps it's best not to return at all?  I wouldn't want to trouble the Camelback Inn staff to wait on a troublesome customer such as myself...笑
Went to the R Bar and Rita's Kitchen. R bar was nothing special. Service was good, but not great. Drink selection is good. Food options are so so.
Dinner at Rita's was similarly indistinguishable. 
Outside seating was nice, but the food was so so.
Would not go back.笑
Loved this place!! You must try the flank steak, the churros for desert and their breakfast spread on Sunday with mimosas is just Phenomenal!! Service is wonderful also, for dinner make sure to arrive early and have a drink at the R bar next to the restaurant for live music between 7-11 nightly.
My huband loved the calamari. I had the shrimp cocktail to start and it was one of the best I have had.笑
This is THE PLACE for Sunday brunch.  The variety is amazing and the quality of food is top notch. 

The eggs benny are made to order and I  mentioned to the chef that I should have grabbed a crab cake in order to have crab cakes benny and he immediately sent a fellow to crab a cake and right away I had my crab cakes benny.   I was totally impressed.  I had the delicious lamb chops, prawns in some kind of garlic lemon sauce - very basic but very, very good.  There were salads galore, marinated mushrooms, etc.etc.  I could go on and on but there's just too much to list.  The desserts were so good, especially the Bananas Foster.  Had to split that, unfortunately.  My heart was willing but my stomach said, "no way!".

It isn't inexpensive, by any means, but I suggest that one eat very little the previous day and nothing the day of the "feast".  It's a treat but you certainly leave feeling like you got your money's worth, or close to it, because it's hard to eat that much food as it is a bit on the pricey side.  

Anyways, this is the brunch to attend and I will also mention that my vegetarian friends would find plenty to eat as well.  The service was second to none.  Great experience all around!笑
I have only been to the R Bar side of this place but it is top notch! Great happy hour deals from 3-6 every day. They also have live music from 6-?, not sure on what days but Friday for sure. The ambiance is very relaxed and comfortable. This place can be whatever you want, anything from a romantic night out to Friday night festivities with the gang/coworkers. The live music has always been a solo act acoustic guitar+vocals, so don't be scared away by the "live music", it is very relaxed. They have outdoor and indoor areas so they are good year round. Amazing scenery, landscaping and overall feel. Good value on food and drink, all around deserving of a 5'er. Check it out!!笑
After hearing good things about the Camelback Inn, I was excited to check it out.  We will not be returning after the very poor service that is unacceptable for a high-end resort.  My advice is to skip Camelback Inn entirely and head to the Sanctuary.

My husband and I came during HH.  We sat down on a couch and almost immediately, someone came over and brought us water, telling us that our server will be with us shortly.  Turns out, that would be the best service we would receive for the rest of our visit.  

We waited approximately 10 minutes while being politely ignored by the server helping the customers arounds us.  Finally, just as we were about ready to leave, another server shows up and asks us for our drink order.  She explained that she just now arrived to work.  We decided to stay and proceeded to tell her what we would like.  We told her our drink order and were about to tell her our food order, but she cut us off and asked whether we were hotel guests or not.  When we said we were not, she abrasively asked us for a credit card.  It was very off-putting.  When she came back, she did ask us if we wanted any food, but we frankly were so disappointed with the whole ordeal we just wanted to have our drinks and leave.  

After our drinks, we asked for our check.  Before we could even put the signed credit card slip back into the folder, the server comes swooping over to take it.  She might as well said "Don't let the door hit you on the way out."笑
Best happy hour in the valley. Popovers and escargot are great!  Beautiful sunset view too!笑
Loved our late night snack at the R Bar. The filet mignon sliders with blue cheese were done to perfection. The setting was so relaxing. 
The following afternoon we returned for iced teas, chips, salsa and guacamole. Again, the food was fabulous, the setting was lovely and the misters felt wonderful under the desert heat.笑
There is so much to like about Rita's!  The nightly live music, the chips, the guac, the happy hour menu, the service and the setting were all hits for me.  I tried both the steak and the chicken quesadillas.  The chicken one was absolutely delicious--straight candy.  The steak was good, but I was too biased from the chicken to love.  The mood there is completely casual and the service is really sweet.  Sitting in their outside lounge after dinner is part of the experience, so don't skip that.笑
I love this place, the food was excellent and Gigi and Alan were remarkable. Try the chicken enchiladas.笑
We were at the Camelback Inn Resort on business, so on-site dining was a must for us.  Usually, this is a problem because I've found that most hotel restaurants have boring fare and terrible service.  This was NOT the case this week in Scottsdale.

Let's start with the service: EXCELLENT.  Mimi or Ronda were our servers every time we dined at Rita's.  They were friendly, knowledgeable, attentive and served our food HOT.  We were always offered sodas or water "to go" after our meal - the ladies knew we were headed off to yet another meeting.  Thank you both! Ronda - I hope you enjoyed the chocolate we shared with you and hope we've converted another fan to the world of TCHO chocolate!  :-)

The food: Chicken tortilla soup was so good, I had some with every day.  The chicken enchiladas rojos were A-MAZ-ING, as were the Marriott burger and brunch offerings. 

You SHOULD expect flies, mosquitoes, annoying birds, etc. when you are dining outside, so the complaints about that are ridiculous.  Dine inside if you can't handle the joys of nature...Rita's has indoor and outdoor seating.  The live music was fantastic - truly talented artists.笑
Great place to sit outside on the patio. Food was good. Are here for breakfast and lunch during my trip. I really liked the buttermilk pancakes. They give you complimentary Greek yogurt at breakfast which was nice. My salad for lunch was in the smaller side.笑
Food was excellent, the chicken tortilla soup was amazing! The guacamole was alright and the carne Asada wrap was delicious! Atmosphere was very relaxing and the service was great. We will definitely make a trip back here again sometime!笑
Breakfast menu has great variety including gluten free pancakes and bread. Buffet ends up less money than most entrees if u add in coffee and juice etc. Super good with a lot of healthy and naught options. We liked it so much we ate there every day.笑
I've been here for brunch 3 times now, and it only gets better. The unlimited champagne is a requirement for brunch, but it actually tastes good. Most unlimited champagne brunches end up making me sick because the bubbly is vile....not this one. The food is amazing, the service is fantastic. The patio is great, with a live band and everything. Last time i was there, we sat for hours enjoying the atmosphere (and drinking champange, of course).笑
Habanero salsa was fantastic and it is available solo, and not just in the salsa sampler.  Happy hour had some very reasonable deals for a high end resort such as this one.  Glad to see numerous craft beer options.  Margarita good for happy hour, but pricey any other time.  Very polite, professional service at the bar.笑
Extremely nice staff!  But not nice enough to make up for the subpar service & mediocre food.  Cats, did I mention freaking stray cats?  As someone allergic cats I was immediately turned off.

Ok, let's break down this visit.  Waitress was very nice, a little "green," but a complete sweetheart who seemed to try her best.  My warm water was never delivered, my daughter's drink was never refilled & she never offered condiments with my daughter's leftovers.  I feel bad for critiquing her because she was so nice but she has more to learn.  On a good note, they prebussed well.

I ordered a chips & salsa tree.  Three out of the four were good but the guacamole/tomatillo salsa was missing something.  I thought there green salsa tasted store bought.  The chips weren't too salty & were nice & crispy.

At this point, I'm pretty excited to try my shrimp & carne asada.  I'm thinking it's going to be amazing & I'll finally get to try elote.  (I was definitely curious about my husband's shrimp verdes enchiladas)

Food comes & that's about the best thing I can say about it.  I looked at my corn & it was clearly drying out from sitting around a while.  There was a weird stabbed key lime on the plate as well, also dry.  The shrimp, all three of them were eh but cooked appropriately (all 3 of them).  The beans were pretty good but nothing that really stood out to me.  Ok the best letdown was the carne asada.  It was a thick slab of meat not thinner slices, which is more traditional.  I ordered it medium rare & it was delivered slightly overcooked.  I was pleased with the tenderness of the meat but the flavor just tasted burned.  I called it charburned instead of charbroiled.

I asked for tortillas for my carne & she brought me three dried out tortillas that sat wrapped up so long they broke apart as i unrolled them.  I asked for more & they weren't much better.

I tasted one bite of my husband's enchiladas & was disappointed to taste that it was covered with that horrible store bought tasting green salsa.  I did not return for another bite.


I had high hopes for this place.  :/

P.S. my tourist friends loved it.  Perhaps they just didn't know better.笑
One of the restaurants at the Camelback Inn
Great ambience, delicious food, and extremely good service.
Really nice outdoor sitting area. 

A must try  - Pomegranate margarita

4 Stars due to a wait, they do take long to serve your entree (about 45 min), but well worth the wait :)笑
The R Bar has great specials on food and drinks during happy hour from 3:00-6:00, daily, which you can enjoy sitting up high on bar stools or sinking into a comfy low couch.

Thursday, my roommate and I enjoyed fish tacos, pan seared, NOT breaded and fried.  Two regular size tacos come folded in soft corn tortillas with crisp cabbage and veggies displayed in an ingenious zig-zag shaped metal holder with a side of salsa for $7.00. (I think they are $15 normally.  I had a glass of merlot off the happy hour menu and it wasn't bad.

Friday, my roommate ordered the chicken tacos and I ordered the lettuce wrap chicken fajitas.  The lettuce shell (several layers thick) was piled so high with yummy chicken and peppers that I had to eat a good bit of it before there was any hope of getting the lettuce to wrap around anything.  They should have called it the lettuce spilling out everywhere fajitas.  They arrived with sides of salsa and sour cream.

Saturday, we missed happy hour by a few minutes and ended up splitting a quesadilla that was very tasty.  I ordered a Kiltlifter from local Tempe, AZ brewery Four Peaks which I enjoyed immensely.  There was live music to help me get over my sadness at missing happy hour.

On Sunday, I rad the lettuce wrap fajitas again - they were just too good to keep switching, and another Kiltlifter.  My boss ordered the sliders and seemed to enjoy them.  

They have live music nightly starting at 6:00 pm.笑
My new favorite HH spot.  Great drink and appy features/prices and you cannot beat the setting!  See you Friday!笑
Went for the  smaller buffet on Sunday. The huevos rancheros were dried and tasteless. Husband's eggs benedict had to be sent back - they were served almost cold. Pancakes were so-so. Very disappointed.笑
This is an excellent little gem that is tucked away in a beautiful setting. The inside of the restaurant is dark and cozy and the patio is absolutely stunning. 

We stopped in on a Friday night and surprisingly it wasn't too busy and we were seated immediately on the patio. They had live music going which set a nice tone for dinner. It was a solo artist with a guitar so it wasn't too loud where you couldn't hear your company's conversations. 

We started with the queso which was to die for! It was enough for all four of us and everyone just loved it. We also had a pitcher (or two) of the Rita Rita which was nice and fresh tasting. It wasn't too sweet like most house margaritas tend to be. My husband and I both got the enchiladas and they were perfectly done. It came with 2 enchiladas but there were no sides that come along with it so you will have to order separate if you desire. 2 was more than enough though, as they were large and I couldn't even finish them. 

This place has a wonderful setting and I highly recommend stopping in. The only downside was that the menu was a bit small.笑
The R-Bar is just what the Camelback Inn needed. An upscale indoor/outdoor lounge that is comfortable, classy and romantic all at the same time. And the view of the mountains at dusk are lovely as well. 

Located off the main building where the pool used to be- during the recent renovation, they turned this space into one of my favorite areas at this resort. Nestle down into a comfy couch or chair with a loved one. Sit around one of the two fire pits in cozy chairs listening to the live music that begins each night around 7. Entertain a large party in the pergola. Listen to the many water features trickling and bubbling you into peaceful tranquility. 

The service is spot on. You can order from the bar menu or if you are looking for a little more- ask for the restaurant menu and they will accommodate that as well. The food is quite good and trust me- during my stay- I think we sampled it all! Plenty of signature drinks, beers and wines to choose from. 

So the next time you are looking for the perfect way to end or begin your evening in the area, stop into the R-Bar. This is Arizona living at it's finest.笑
The food was great, the service fantastic and the music outstanding.笑
The food was very good. The selection extensive and unlimited champagne was nice. The experience however was ruined by very inattentive service. Waited 15 minutes to first see the waitress let alone get a glass of water. Very infrequent with the champagne refills. I even had to get up and find her to ask for a clean fork and we cleared our own dirty dishes from the table between courses of the brunch.After my complaint the service got better. Shouldn't be treated like this in a place supposedly this nice.笑
Got the buffet.  Decent selection.

Crunchy French Toast...boring and under-seasoned.  

$55 for 2 people is a little high for average breakfast.笑
Good food and great service. Of course, if you're staying in the camelback you'll most definitely have already been here.

Warning, there is no Sunday brunch in the summer months!

I recommend the tortilla soup, and don't get the soupy, salty enchiladas!笑
Delicious carnitas tacos and queso. The chips were really tasty and warm. Nice place to stop for lunch or dinner whether you're staying at the hotel or not.笑
This is THE go-to hangout at the Camelback. There's a bar proper with about eight seats, a couple of communal tables, then couch-and-chair seating inside. There's also an enormous patio area out back with live music some evenings and a water feature like a small moat. Happy hour gets very popular, with $5 wine and draft beers, some $6 cocktails (made with some real liquors, not house crap). One of the $5 wines is a very good Albarino, which qualifies as an exceptional bargain in my book. They also have some reduced-price appetizers at happy hour, including a generous $3 chips-and-salsa with a sampler of four different salsas (all very good.)

They also serve lunch in here, and they have amazing fish tacos. 

I've stayed at the resort twice and made copious use of this place both times. I've never run across a staff member who was anything less than exceptionally pleasant and efficient.笑
You'll read a lot about trying the "Golden Gazpacho." Believe the buzz, it's delicious. Definitely worth eating at.笑
Wow!  Wow!  Wow!  We had our wedding weekend at Camelback Inn, so of course we enjoyed Rita's Kitchen several times.  Their brunch options are AMAZING!  I love the made to order waffles, pancakes (they'll add M&M's!), omelets, and french toast.  There's lots of fresh fruit and unlimited orange juice and coffee.  Prices are reasonable too!  The service is super attentive, the scenery gorgeous.

They do have a pricey Sunday brunch, but we passed on that one....

I can't wait to return with my husband to reminisce and enjoy some yummy food!笑
Great outdoor patio, good service, amazing drinks and tasty food!

Next time I am in Arizona I will definitely go back.笑
Great atmosphere. The service was adequate despite the throngs of grey haired snowbirds and restless teenagers forced to text and pout while their parents got blitzed on sangria. The queso fundito was very good while the chicken enchiladas had a few "opportunity areas". 

My advice for locals....order a $40+ pitcher of some fruity cocktail, sit back, relax and pretend you are on vacation.笑
I'm a big fan of chips and salsa. The salsa tree was great. I'd go back just for that and the view. The guac was pretty good. My friends say the fish tacos were delicious but they assumed they were getting three as opposed to two. Although, the two tacos were packed with big pieces of fish. The drinks were great and Dennis the server was very attentive.笑
So why did it take me so long to visit this resort around the corner from me?!  Talk about romantic and beautiful grounds!  The bar spills out onto a gorgeous courtyard, complete with awesome mountain views and fabby fountain.  

Fantastic service, very ZEN, and prompt bartending!  Their cocktails are mostly all unique and fun.  Great wines by the glass & YUMMY appies!  

They have an amazing Happy Hour - i am sooo going back asap!笑
We had the most amazing breakfast buffet here while staying at the Camelback Inn. The restaurant is very beautiful, interesting glass fixture hanging thru out, rich dark woods, nice views of the patio. 

The buffet include omelets, the best hash brown potatoes in the world. Other food choices include juevos rancheros, fresh pastries, breads, bagels, muffins, bacon, sausage, cured meats, yogurts, fresh fruits, granola, cereal, etc. Service here is also amazing. I highly recommend Rita's for breakfast.笑
The outdoor area is spectacular!  Drinks are a little pricey but the food is good and so is the service.笑
My friend had the idea to go to Rita's Kitchen on New Year's Day. I am not a big brunch buffet fan. It's usually a woeful disappointment at best and a waste of time and money. 

Rita's Kitchen was one of the best buffets I've ever experienced. Everything I tried was very fresh and high quality even at 1:45 in the afternoon. Never thought I'd say it, but the blackberries on the fruit bar were the highlight of my meal. Also had brie, manchego, salami, lox, grilled vegetables, prime rib, crab claws, shrimp cocktail and scampi, skirt steak, salad, and lots of champagne. Service was great, view of the mountains and location on the patio was fantastic. 

This was a memorable experience. I would strongly recommend Rita's to a friend and will return myself.