I love this place. The food is well-prepared and tastes exceptionally fresh, which is unusual for Chinese restaurants in this area.  The menu contains the usual Chinese dishes, along with a number of less common items. The food is head and shoulders above any other Chinese food I have had in the greater Cleveland area.
The place is great for eating in; the booths are roomy and there are tables for larger parties.  The service is excellent, and the workers are exceptionally courteous. The room is attractively furnished for a restaurant in a strip mall, and beautiful, tasteful Chinese music is played at a low volume in the background. Have I mentioned that the food is terrific? The portions are beyond generous.
If you haven't gone there, go soon. Go NOW!Ǿ
Best Chinese restaurant in Cleveland. We've been going there since I was a kid and always have a great meal.  They portions are large and you can't beat the prices. I would highly recommend this place for a nice dinner.Ǿ
I don't get all the hype and 4 and 5 stars around this place are for. The food was average and higher than most Chinese Restaurants. I ordered the orange chicken, crab ragoons, which were heavily salted and a egg roll, which totaled to a whopping $17..... The service was awful. When I walked through the door the manager didn't greet me or move from his chair at the counter and never once said hi....his words were "you know what you want". I mean really.....and he was very dry. I won't be driving out my way to this place again, nothing about it spoke come back again.Ǿ
Usually I love dragon tower. Sometimes it is average and sometimes great. I wish the food was more consistent because the staff is always excellent.Ǿ
None better, been eating here for 36 years. I live in Seattle now and dream about Dragon Tower every nightǾ
Went here on a suggestion from a co-worker and couldn't have been more pleased.  Great food, portions are plenty and the service was quick and friendly.  The restaurant was very clean and easy to find.  I highly suggest this for lunch...Ǿ
I have never taken the time to review a restaurant. I have been going to Dragon Towers for 20 plus years. It NEVER disappoints. The portions are generous and the food is the best I've ever had. I will drive 30 min just for take out. It is a hidden gem of West Park. The guy at the register is not rude just all business. I can appreciate that. He never gets an order wrong. Love the wonton soup, egg rolls,cashew chicken,fried rice sweet and sour chicken! SO GOODǾ
The only Chinese restaurant I eat at that isn't a Buffett, their duck sauce and wonton soup are excellent.  Portions are great.Ǿ
Despite my previous review, I've still came to this restaurant because my boyfriend loves the food here. The past few times we've came here, the service was good. The waitresses were attentive & the food is really good. I really like their combination platters. You pick your entree, you get fried rice, & an egg roll. My favorite is the sesame chicken & the sweet & sour chicken. They give you A LOT of food too!Ǿ
One of if the best Chinese place in the West Park, Lakewood area. I'm a huge Chinese food foodie and this place is awesome. I've know my over 20 years haven't been to another Chinese restaurant since.Ǿ
Went there last night, we both ordered combo plates. Pepper steak was great, as was sweet and sour chicken. Served with egg roll and a large helping of pork fried rice. Doggy bags required. Service is fast and courteous and prices are reasonable.Ǿ
Best Pot Stickers, Chinese BBQ Ribs and Hong Kong Style Noodles in the area. 

I lived in San Francisco for 15 years I know good Chinese Food from when I taste it.

Try it! You'll like it!Ǿ
Lo mein here is served as plain noodles and they up charge you when you order it instead of rice. When you call to order or ask questions no one speaks English.Ǿ
This has to be one of our all time favorite places to have dinner! The food is exceptional... We have never had a meal that we haven't throughly enjoyed. The won ton soup and egg drop soup is delicious... potstickers and crab rangoons are a go to appetizer that are always spot on. Favorite dinner selections are: General Chen's Chicken and General Chen's Favorite Beef... Pork Egg Foo Young... Chicken Lo Main... Chicken Chow Main... War Su Gai... Cashew Chicken... really there is nothing on the menu that isn't delicious! I've been going her since I was a little girl to eat... and haven't found a better place some 35 years later! Staff is friendly and overly attending and Bill the manager is a very personable guy... sits down to talk with us almost every time we come in to visit! We love Dragon Towers!Ǿ
Great food at reasonable prices! Quiet atmosphere for dine in too. If you want authentic taste go here.Ǿ
I love the food and great price. 
My fav are ribs, egg foo young, sesame chicken, wonton soup and their shrimp chips. Yum!  Love their noodles too. There's a lot of food so I always get to have left overs. :) 
Love the fast service also. 
Even with take out, food is always ready and I had no issues. 
The owner is very nice and I can't wait to go back again.Ǿ
Let me start off by saying this, to all the people that are posting a review, the manager is FAR from rude! He is a genuinely great man! He is old, 75. He doesn't speak very good English and I have been going to this place for over 20+ years! Not once did I ever think he was rude. Say, Hi Bill, he will reply!
Now, on to the food, amazing and always hot and prepared the way you ask for! 
Pricing, I've seen people comment that it was expensive! Clearly you haven't been to the local other Chinese food places, try it, you will come back and never complain about a damn thing! Bill has the pricing set great! Waitresses are VERY nice woman, all of them. The staff in the back, they come and say hello too! 
I will never stop going to this place! 
Carry on now....Ǿ
This was our first time eating here and we were very impressed. My dad got the sweet and sour chicken (which I usually don't like), but the breading was light and the sauce wasn't overly sweet with that strange pink color. My husband had the General chen chicken and the flavor and spice balance was perfect. The spring rolls are delicious and the Vietnamese beef soup was good.Ǿ
Ordering a pickup doesn't do this place justice. The inside is clean and the tables are cool, plus if you take too long to get it home and start eating, it can get soggy in the container! I can't say any Chinese food is the "best" since I've had authentic 5 times in my life. But, this place has my favorite "general tso's chicken" anywhere around here. It's crunchy not soggy. And they ask you how hot/spicy you want it. I always say hot and its not overpowering. Everything is made fresh. They have big chunks of chicken breast in the crispy breading instead of mushy frozen crap. Also, Sezchuan Chicken is my second choice at this place! 10/10

This is not a buffet. But, they give you huge portions.Ǿ
Best in the area! I've tried all of the local delivery and they're the best i've had. I got food at 8:30pm and it was so fresh. I ordered pick up and the staff was super friendly!Ǿ
Good food, good service. Relaxed and casual. We had soup, appetizers,  and a main course. All were served hot and timed to allow us to eat and enjoy. No rush. We will be back!Ǿ
I really wanted to like this place, because of it's awesome name. Dragon Towers? Sounds like an apartment building for D & D dorks. The veg egg roll was good, but i would have preferred a spring roll. Those had pork and shrimp, which i don't do. The fried rice was solid. Now the wife ordered the teriyaki veg mix with tofu. I ordered the home style tofu with mushrooms. They tasted identical. Plus they were watery. I've found that very few Chinese places do tofu well. Just dropping it in to some slop without any kind of preparation is sorta lazy. I'll just try non- tofu dishes next time. Let's make this a 3 to 4 star experience next time, DT. 

Oh, and what's with Chinese places doing pad Thai now? Stick to what you know and let the Thai places make it.Ǿ
Their hot and sour soup is really good! Their pork fried rice was delish not greasy. Their crab rangoos and sauce was perfect! I love it!Ǿ
The first time I ordered from Dragon Towers I was not impressed.  I got the chicken teriaki and it was not good.  My wife, however, loved the pepper steak.  Luckily she did because we went back a couple weeks later.  This time I opted for something different and ordered the Kung Pao Chicken (no peanuts).  AWESOME!    The Kung Pao has become my regular order.  
Recently we ordered on a night that I just wasn't very hungry, so I just ordered some pot stickers and won-ton soup.  Again I was pleasantly surprised.
My advice is to try it at least a couple times.  I've noticed that no two chinese places make the same dish the same way.  Stay away from the dishes you don't like and try something else.  You just may find a favorite.Ǿ
The.Best.

Seriously this is my favourite Chinese restaurant in the Lakewood/CLE area. Their house fried rice is delicious. Portions are awesome. You really taste the flavours of the food and not just salt and oil like some places. They have an excellent dining room, very open and conducive to hosting large parties. They are a little on the expensive side and don't deliver but stopping by for dinner or takeout is a must! You won't be disappointed!!Ǿ
When I moved to the West side from the East side, I was desperately trying chinese take out joints to fill my want and need for Bo Loong. So many failed attempts and I was ready to call it quits. And then, I found Dragon Tower. It's not Bo Loong, but it will certainly do. Their wonton soup is great.Ǿ
5 stars! My original review is from 2012 and since I have had consistent good food and service, this is my favorite American Chinese food place hands down.Ǿ
They have the best sweet and sour chicken! Their other food is good too and all at reasonable prices.Ǿ
Great neighborhood staple in the West Park community. I've been going here well over 20 years and haven't had a bad experience yet. Between the wonton soup, chicken lo mein, and shrimp fried rice you're bound to run into a hearty meal. Friendly staff that is efficient and attentive. I had them cater my high school graduation party (2008) and they did an exceptional job!Ǿ
Best Chinese food in Cleveland. Been going here my whole life. The food is always delicious and the waitresses are the nicest. The price seems to have increased a lot recently  but its still worth it. The Crab Rangoon is the best appetizer. I'll definitely keep going!Ǿ
.                              Exit the Dragon

Since my 5 star 2 months ago, I'm retracting 4.   All good dishes must come to an end.  So too, must the rarely bad ones here, and the few excellent.  

I phoned "Counterman B---",  the ever-present Dragon-keeper, to almost apologetically, tell him the first-time-tried dishes just picked up---Pork Lo Mein and Yu Shan Pork---were not edible because of too much fat and gristle.  The glum (as usual)  B--- offered to refund without my asking, said he was very busy, then abruptly hung up before I could thank him and place another order.  I called the next day to do this, and he said the cook was upset, and that we should find another restaurant.  "WHAT?  I don't understand.", taken by surprise.  "Why do you eat our food?" he asked.  "Because we really LIKE it.", I answered, perplexed.  (In all our visits the only other issue was about 5 years ago when they had forgotten to add essential seasoning ingredients to a chow mein sauce in a relative's take-out.  It was just water and cornstarch.  I knew this, because I prepare Asian dishes myself.  It was replaced without a problem.)   He just repeated that we should find another restaurant.  "I've written really good reviews for you.", I said, ready to tell him about this site.  "I know.", he quickly replied.  (!?)  I don't know how, since neither my husband nor I ever told him.  Again, he said he'd refund, then hung up.

Confused, I told my husband what B--- had said.  ....ah-HAH.  Apparently, the two had exchanged a few words when the order was picked up.  (Maybe other times, too, I suspect.)  If B--- didn't like my husband checking the bag before leaving, it was only because of a $30 take-out the week before, when the requested extra mustard for five egg rolls was missing.  My husband told him that the amount they gave was not nearly enough (totally agree; 2 of their smallest containers) and that that's why we requested extra again, this time.  (Their hot mustard is better than I've been able to find or make myself.)   B--- then said he'd have to charge us.  CHARGE US?   When a restaurant skimps on necessary condiments, forcing fairly regular patrons to pay extra just to reach a normal and reasonable quantity, is blatantly insulting.    Understandably, that didn't go over well with my husband.  Either the Dragon is desperate to squeeze out a few extra cents on take-outs, or---for WHATEVER ridiculous reason---they don't want our business.  Or both.  Fine.  Judging from the sub-standard meat in these last two dishes, they may be taking the low road of low grade meats or have turned off onto the untrimmed route.  

This "conflicting personality thing" between the two may have been steaming over time, and finally reached the boiling point with B---.  They may have had "bones to pick" with each other, but I was stuck with Fat Lo Mein and Yu Shan Gristle in two large containers.  I ended up eating a small amount of noodles from one (too mushy), and some green beans from the other.  The rest I threw out.  The thought of ever walking back into the Dragon for a well-deserved refund, was too unappetizing.   And here I had been my normal nice and friendly self, almost regretting having to voice a legitimate complaint.  Little did B--- know that I wasn't going to bother telling him about the other off-putting components in our order.  I will here.  

The fat and gristle content was quickly confirmed after a couple bites of each, but it was when I looked through the containers again for any edible pieces, that I found more unwelcome surprises.   Coated in brown sauce, and roundish golf-ball in size, were two thick and oddly-curled shapes, looking like---no kidding---tarantulas.   Initially shocked and repulsed, in disbelief I carefully picked one of them up by a 1 inch "leg".  Turning it around for closer examination, it DID look very much like the spiders' heftier relative.  Believing that these couldn't possibly be what they appeared to be, I pulled off a couple of the appendages to bravely (gulp) test them.  Phew.  It DID taste like pork.  (Then again, I have no idea what tarantulas taste like.)   Instead of tossing into the garbage someone had actually saved two globs of trimmings and carved them into these off-putting shapes.  awlgh.  This was taking repurposing to a whole new---but disturbingly gross---level.   

Because they were intentionally cut into these shapes, maybe they were meant to be---garnishes!?  But those are edible---much like the fanciful roses, petals, spirals, and lotus blossoms carved from fruits and vegetables.  Not from meat!  Now it IS possible---although hard to imagine---that they might have been intended to resemble chrysanthemums.  Misfire!  They ended up looking more like members of the Theraphosidae family---not flowers.


Jack's Dragon had better keep at least one of its fierce eyes on kitchen and counter staff, or it might soon be sputtering its last weak, fire-spewing breaths.Ǿ
The waitresses are the best part of dragon towers. They are so nice! The food used to be exceptional but lately the quality has decreased a bit while the price has increased quite a bit. The hot tea is no longer included. Each meal seems to have gone up a $1 or $2. It's still tastes good but I think a younger generation is possibly taking over & changing it a bit.Ǿ
This is our go to Chinese restaurant.  Great food and good prices.  You get so much food for your money that you have a second meal to take home for the next day's meal.  We feel like family here.Ǿ
Dragon Towers serves some serious comfort food for me. Maybe because I've been going there since I was a baby, I don't know... Whenever my family orders takeout, they're the standby. And it always revolves around the chicken chow-mein (for my family), pork fried rice (for everyone), and orange peel chicken (for me!). Sometimes throw in an order of shrimp chips or egg rolls or almond cookies. They always know the drill. And its always quickly prepared and delicious. Tip: get the orange peel chicken spicy. Soooo hot and soooo good.Ǿ
Every review is two-fold, right?  There's food and there's service.

FOOD- excellent. Hefty portions, piping hot, excellently prepared and delicious food. I got their equivalent to General Tso's (General Chen) and it rivaled any Chinese restaurant I've ever been to.  The price was average, but the portion a little larger than most places. Overall great value.

SERVICE- ugh. I called there to ask if they deliver and the fella who answered said 'No' then hung up on me. It took a while to get them to answer again so I could place a pick up order. Each time I've picked up there was a massive line at the counter, bags of food waiting to be picked up (and getting cold) and the same fella cashiers hella slow.  But, I guess it's a good thing they're busy. It means I'm not alone about the food being good!

Is the service slow enough for me to not go back? No way. I will just prepare to wait for YUMMY food!Ǿ
Worst Chinese food ever!!! My chicken was not even cooked and ended up getting sick from the foodǾ
Always my favorite when it comes to Chinese. Generous portions, great service and easy on the wallet. Wonton, hot sour or egg drop soups are wonderful. Eggrolls, potstickers or crab rangoon are my choices for appetizers...moo shu pork or general tso chicken are my favorite entreesǾ
When we found ourselves in the neighborhood to run an errand, and it dawned on us that we were ravenous, Jackie Chen's looked pretty awesome. We started with a vegetarian egg roll and the potstickers, which looked and tasted homemade. Progressing to the entrees, we both went meat-free. My husband chose the Szechuan vegetables (extra-spicy, naturally) and I opted for the homestyle tofu, both very yummy. We washed it all down with a couple of Tsingtao beers. Total with tip was under $40, so I definitely will not quibble with their prices. Service was friendly and efficient.Ǿ
Best impromptu date ever! Seriously the BEST chinese food I've ever had AND our server was fantastic!Ǿ
The food itself is 4-5 stars. The only reason why I gave it 3 stars is customer service, which reflects on the not so friendly personality of the owner (?) who is always on the front counter. My favorite is the orange chicken.Ǿ
I came here on the advice of my wife. I was pretty underimpressed by the standard 80s decor. Forget about how it looks. The food stars here. Go for the "family dinner" with appetizers and entrees included. We had the General Tso's chicken and Moo Shu pork- both are among the best I've had. Definitely worth a try!Ǿ
This once perennial favorite appears to be under new management and has dropped off the face of the earth on food quality.  Went in last week and the old man was gone up front, the menu had some new items and everything looked to have been increased $1 in price.  The bags for carryout were different and very cheap tearing almost immediately upon lifting the order.  

Where the food used to be succulent, so fresh and flavorful it is now inedible.  Ordered Kung Po extra hot which was called back by woman taking the order and it contained no flavor of any kind.  Absolutely bland.  The chicken was not chewable and I had to spit it out.  An order of Orange chicken was much the same.  The technique to fry the chicken has left a once delightful warm pocket of poultry goodness an unsatisfying bland cholesterol nugget.  

Will not return.  Stay away.Ǿ
I love this place. They have amazing egg rolls, crab Rangoon, ribs and well basically everything else I have ever tried. The staff is sweet and always polite. I just wished they delivered but I am always willing to go pick it up. One of my favorite places here in Cleveland!Ǿ
I love this place.  I have been going here since they opened.   I even watched them paint the symbols in the window.    My mom judges Chinese restaurants by the fried rice, comparing it to the holy grail of fried rice from the now gone many many years, Chung's.  Dragon Towers has been the gold standard ever since her first bite.

Me, I love the veggie egg rolls, and I love tofu and think that they do it well.  I have never had a watery meal there.  I have had a few meals that were not normal standards, but then most places have off nights anyway.  Some cases, it was not how it was prepared, but what I chose. 

Everything can be made to order- mild to very hot, no mushrooms,etc.  The only thing I have found is that you need to be specific.  Like when I say no mushrooms and I get green peppers I didn't ask for (and don't like).  Now I say, "just......."  and they do much better.

I have tried other Chinese places and I always come back here to my gold standard (exception being P.F. Chang's, but I'm a West-sider through and through, so that is too far for casual dining.)