Went to Mr. Thai's because of Yelps reviews.  Was not dissapointed!  Drunken Noodle Lunch special with Thai Iced Tea!  Server was cute, sweet and attentive. Place had a nice vibe and the food was authentic and tasty.  Will be back!笑
This was my first experience eating at this Resteraunt. I was kind of pleased by the ambiance once I sat down, but thinking I was in just another 'hole in the wall' Thai restaurant when I walked in. We were first served rice chips and a small salad in a glass bowl that was very pleasant. Our food did take a while, but there is a clear warning posted when you sit down. The menu was smaller than I anticipated and the prices a little higher than I was expecting. I ordered the teriyaki chicken. I have had this dish many many many times all over the country. The presentation was better than average. My impression was, you could definitely do worse. The chicken was somewhat dry and crispy, but not too bad. The teriyaki sauce was a bit much on the salty side. I would like to come here again to try another dish, but I would not order the teriyaki chicken dish again.笑
Don't let the outside or the inside fool you.  This place is small but the food is great!  The staff was very attentive and welcoming!  The portions are very large.  Good for sharing.  Great for takeout if the place is too busy!  This rates up there with some of the best Thai I've had in Arizona!  Do it!  You won't be sorry!笑
We visited this restaurant for the first time today and we really enjoyed the food. This restaurant appears to be family run and the dining room is just seven tables. We ordered two appetizers, a salad and three main dishes. All were beautifully presented. The Mr. Thai fried rice, Drunken noodles, and pennang curry were delicious. The prices were reasonable too. Will return for sure.笑
Food was not bad. We had the tamkha soup and some curry. Service was asi asi. Decor was very....Thai. Not sure we'll be back, as the food was not awesome.笑
Simply stated......
Perfection!
These are takeout photos.
The food is always delicious. 
Soups are all incredibly delicious.  
Owners are like family!笑
Wonderful and authentic. We love this place. My wife is severely gluten intolerant and has eaten several dishes with no problems. We love the peanut sauce, the Pad Thai, the yellow curry, the Panang curry, Woosen noodles, and the veggie rolls. This is family owned and operated and they are really nice people. Small venue with maybe 8 tables seating 2 to 4 each. Thai TV plays in one corner. Decor is simple. Quiet place in a strip mall at SE corner of Warner and Cooper. We eat here several times a month.笑
Tried this place for dinner on Sunday.
The food was really good and authentic!
We will def be back!笑
Best red chicken curry ever !! I have tried other Thai restaurants in the east valley and this by far is one of the best it's a little hidden gem but not to hard to find its right next to a church笑
This was the best Thai food that I have had in the valley. I will return. I had the thai hot and I wasn't disappointed. The favor was the best. This is my first time I reviewed a restaurant.笑
I love it! I have been to.Thailand and this is authentic.  I had their mussaman curry and it was done the way it should be. I love spicy food sonI got Thai medium and it was extremely spicy and flavorful. I feel very lucky that this authentic Thai restaurant is close to our house.笑
This was the first time I've tried this place. I hardly EVER order food to go because I think something gets lost after your food sits in a takeout container. But tonight, that's what we had time for. I have to say - DELICIOUS!!! 

We had Drunken Noodles, medium with chicken and Pad See Ew, medium with chicken. The flavors were wonderful, vegetables were fresh and cooked to an excellent doneness. My medium spice was pretty hot! But I quite enjoyed it as it wasn't overpowering and I don't think flavor was lost for the sake of heat. 

The girl who took our order was so friendly! When I went in to pick up our food, we had a chat and found out we had some things in common; just in a few minutes! 

I can't wait to try this place again. I'd really like to see what their curry dishes have to offer. Very tasty, great flavor and quality. Large portions, too! Boyfriend and I are both stuffed and will each have leftovers for lunch! :-) Try this place!笑
Tucked in a retail center on the SE corner of Warner and Cooper the best Thai food I've had in a long time.  The Mussamun and Panang Curry are our favorites.笑
This was our first time ordering from this restaurant. Everything was the bomb. We ordered crispy basil chicken, drunken beef noodles, chicken rolls, and crab delight. All 4 were home runs. Ingredients seemed fresh and cooked with care. Service was fast and friendly as well and restaurant was clean.  Will definitely go back frequently. Can't wait to check out the rest of the menu.笑
I love this place! I've had the Spicy Chicken Drunken and Chicken Pad Thai. They are both delicious. When I go there I feel like I'm at someone's house and their mom is cooking for us. You get a rice paper spring roll with peanut sauce as an appetizer with any meal you order. Yum!笑
First time ordering and loved everything!!
The Thai fresh rolls were fresh and good!
Loved the red curry and Pra Rham! 
Can't wait to order again!笑
Small location in strip mall. Prices quite reasonable. Ample quantities. Red curry was tasty but sauce seemed like it had separated. Good balance of meat to vegetable ratio. Crispy Thai rolls were served in sauce and greens set in a cocktail glass. Some other nice touches like complimentary veggie roll with meal. Looking forward to next visit.笑
Great little hole in the wall place with very delicious food. Also a great option on Friday and Saturday night if you don't feel like fighting crowds. We ate at 6 on a Saturday night and didn't have to wait at all笑
I had the drunken chicken noodles. Wonderful complex deep rich flavors. Comes with a crab puff with sweet-and-sour sauce. And a miniature sized side salad. It's my first time here I will definitely be back. Staff is very friendly and helpful. Not much seating you might want to consider a togo order.笑
This place is great! Under new management, and they are killingit. I work next door at the barber shop and the staff couldn't be sweeter. The food is out of this world (just a bit of caution though, this is Thai food. Hot is HOT). The chicken basil fried rice is on point. Love, love, love this place笑
Everything was delicious, we ordered pad thai with chicken and yellow curry.笑
This place is an absolute gem.  My son loves Pad Thai and my entire family loves Thai in general, but we know good versus mediocre. We just moved from Southeast Mesa where we were close to a great Thai place and we're hoping to find a local spot that was good. We Yelped up this location and less that a mile from our current abode we found some delicious food and very friendly staff. We ordered the mixed fried rice, some Penang curry and an order of Pad Thai. All of the dishes were delicious. We can't wait to go again.笑
This is the second time we have ordered in from Mr. THai and it is excellent! The first time I had the Crispy Basil Chicken which was delicious and they give you a ton of food. Everything is extremely fresh. Tonight I have the chicken Pad Thai and again , just yummy. This is fantastic Thai food- so if you like Thai this is your place !笑
We found a new neighborhood Asian restaurant that was a very pleasant surprise for quality and freshness. It is Mr. Thai Bistro and it is located in one of the many rundown east valley strip centers located in this area. I have passed by this place a number of times when I cut through the parking lot to go to the nearby O'Reillys, dodging the potholes and large lake that forms in the center of the lot when it rains hard. From the outside it looks kind of dingy and uninviting, much like the store fronts around it. But inside is a pleasant, clean and well-appointed little restaurant. No TV's and pleasantly subdued music give it a nice intimate feel. We went in at 8:30 PM, close to closing time when service at most places tends to be a little brusque as staff tries to divide their time between the closing routine and serving what is left on the hot table. Here the service was attentive and very friendly. I don't know for sure but, unlike chains, I suspect the owners are on site. 

Food was freshly made and obviously not sitting on a hot table. Had the Tom Yum Soup, Thai Rama Chicken and Pad Pik King. Thai Rama came with broccoli which was done perfectly. Cooked through with a slight crunch and the flavor was bright. The peanut sauce was slightly creamy with chunks of nuts and good peanut flavor without being overly sweet. The Pad had loads of fresh green beans, again done just right, and was not over loaded with onion and bell pepper like a lot of Thai restaurants tend to do. Water with lime served without asking for it and a large glass of iced tea, which tasted fresh and was not cloudy. Portions are very generous and when we asked for a take home box the waiter asked if we would like more rice to take with it, a nice touch. Only disappointment was the lack of fresh spring roll with rice paper, which we are addicted to at Thailicious in Chandler. Would like to see them add it, since based on what we have had so far they would probably do a good job on it. Not "haute cuisine" but a great little neighborhood place right around the corner from us. Will be back to try the rest of the menu (especially the currys) for my weekly Thai fix.笑
We had a fantastic meal here tonight! It is a great, quiet restaurant with quality food and service.笑
We had dinner here this evening. We normally eat at an Asian fusion place when we eat out but my guy specifically wanted pad Thai tonight, so that's what we did.

I looked on Yelp in particular to find something relatively close to home with a decent rating. This and another place Thai Basil (which I really like, but have eaten at a bunch and was further from our house than this place) were closest, so we thought that we would try this place out instead of going with the one we know.

The waitress was very nice, the place clean, warm, and inviting. This place is small but thats okay, as long as its good I prefer to support local business if it's good.

We got yummy chips and spring rolls (the chips were complimentary and the rolls were off of the starter menu)  which were both good. 

The ONLY reason this place doesn't rate 5 stars for me is because we tried to order satay chicken and were told there wasn't any, when the menu is small, I expect it to be available or told upfront that they are out. Maybe it is a pet peeve of mine when restaurants don't tell you till a time that you ASK for something to tell you they are out of it.

I had Red Curry Chicken, he had Shrimp Pad Thai. They were both really good, my curry chicken was exactly what I would expect of good curry. 

It really was a great meal and really reasonably priced. I also appreciated that though the place was rather small the waitress was perfectly attentive without hovering or making us feel rushed. 

I really hope that this place sticks around.笑
Rice chips, salad, summer rolls in peanut sauce, larb, drunken noodles with chicken, yellow curry with pork and mango sticky rice--all delicious. Medium spice was indeed medium could have gone up a level because  I like my food a little hotter. They brought us dried spices and some oils to enhance the flavor of the curry. Thank you to all of the yelpers that guided us to this gem!笑
I ordered the Mr. Thai fried rice and thought it had great flavor!     However the owner had her daughter in the restaurant and she kept screaming.   I would suggest calling in and ordering it to go.    I thought the dish was a little spicy but my boyfriend ordered the pad Thai and wanted it more spicy.笑
I have heard that everything here is very good. I tried the Pad Thai. That is my all time favorite dish. In my opinion, this should be one of the best dishes at a Thai place. I would not recommend it. The other food looked good, but the pad Thai was not. It did not even finish it. It had a weird Mexican taste to it. Not for me. I'll be back to try some other items that were recommended. I want it to be good because it smells so good.笑
I love Thai food! Ever since my favorite place in Chandler closed down I've been going around looking for a new replacement. Mr. Thai Bistro is it. The food is simply amazing and it's owned by a little woman her husband so they're nice and they remember me (probably because I've been there a gazillion times since it's opened). 

The prices are ridiculously cheap. A lunch entree is like 6 bucks and it comes with a free drink. It's also a hefty portion - you either share it with someone or suffer a food baby later.

Why 4 and not 5 stars? They never answer the telephone! (GAHHH I want some food, answer the phone!) They also pack the food weirdly - every time I get a to-go order the cartons are broken somewhere and I've had lots of messy stains from it in my car...besides that it's mucho bueno ( i hope that means very good in Thai...)笑
This place is awesome! The food is delicious and gives good portions. They usually play music you hear on the radio which is great too! Definitely coming back笑
Great food, service was perfect, and very clean! Loved the green curry and the pad see ew! Portions are generous!笑
Love this place. The food is fresh and amazing flavour! I love thai and I have try many rsd tsurants and this one is one of my favorites!  The service is excellent...what else may I say..if you want to try something new or if you are thai crazy or if you like fresh and healthy food.. this is the place!笑
Saw them on yelp and was in the area so I stopped by for some takeout. I ordered the chicken yellow curry and what was supposed to be a 10 minute wait became 20 minutes, with only a few tables with customers. I noticed on their menu that A summer roll is included with lunch, however I didn't get one, maybe because it was takeout? When I finally opened the bag to eat later, I got a cellophane wrapped bunch of wilted lettuce, and a small container of I'm guessing dressing? Not sure because it wasn't mentioned on the menu. I must say that the curry sauce was excellent, full flavor with just enough spice to cause a slight sweat. There was plenty of chicken and white rice, too. Overall, I thought the food was excellent, however I wish I would've gotten the summer roll instead of a little bag of shredded lettuce for the side.笑
Really good, really fresh - so fresh it takes a little while to prepare.  It's definitely worth the wait!
Tiny little restaurant in an absolutely unassuming strip mall.  Good eats!笑
Great little Thai place!  I love that they give you fresh rolls instead of crispy spring rolls with the lunch entrees.  The Pad See Ew (my go to dish) was fabulous!  I ordered medium hot and it was spicy, but not too spicy.  I'm looking forward to going back!笑
Yummy food, great service. We love this Thai place. The food is really fresh, we are never disappointed.笑
We came here last night, food was fresh, staff was so friendly, clean environment. We had the sweet and sour chicken, crab appetizers, spring rolls, chicken curry, and vegetable pad Thai. And the presentation was so cute! Little flower carrots. Also got medium spice level and it wasn't too spicy at all. We will definitely be back and recommend to others.笑
Meh. It was ok.  I wasn't really impressed with this place. The food was ok and the service was ok, but it wasn't great.  The location certainly isn't great. I may take my family to see what they think and update my review since it was just mediocre.笑
Was close by so i decieded to give Mr Thaai Biistro a try, especially after reading all of the good reviews. 1st the restuarant is very clean and decorated Very nicely. It was about half full, so business was good. I ordered red curry with vegetables and pad se eww, with shrimp. I asked for the curry medium heat and the noodles thai hot the curry was very dissappointing because the portion was so small and because their was hardly and vegetables to talk about and what veggies their were in the curry were all sliced up very tinie tiny. Also it was extremely watery. The noodles were almost as bad. Small portion and what vegetables they put were sliicled so tiny and small that when you put it in your mouth all you needed was 2 bites and gone. The shrimp were fine, but the noodles were cooked in or doused in fish sauce and not just a little of it quite a lot of it.  Again another thai restaurant that is dissappointing and lacking. The search for excelent thai food gos forward.笑
Blessed to have a wonderful Thai place down the street that is actually Amazing tasting. 
Called in for a pick up order of Drunken Noodles with Chicken , medium hot. Arrived to a small cozy clean place. Picked up my order. During lunch they offer a rice paper spring roll and some dipping sauce. 
I've previously had Drunken noodle at a few other good Thai places and I would consider the taste and quality of this dish 5/5 for sure. The taste was amazing. it wasn't hot and overwhelming , you could taste every single ingredient they used. 
The price was very fair , just under 8 dollars with tax during lunch. I highly recommend this place as this place is considered a hidden gem for Thai food in Gilbert.笑
We got an entertainment coupon and brought it in but there is a sign that they no longer would accept them. Bait and switch, we decided to stay because it was good last time so we ordered Papaya Salad (one of the few didn't have any shrimp or crab in but most of the other ingredients Lime Juice and spices were there-Soong Dam), Drunken Noodle (very underseasoned) Thai Basil Pork (way too sweet for my taste), Coconut Chicken Soup, and Thai Tea.  Being very uneven at $44 dollars with tips. I am not sure it is a good value for what is out there in comparison with other Thai places in the valley.  The service was nice and strange that she got into an argument on the phone with customer on to go order which is surprising manner coming from a Thai (Most of the Thais are so gracious to others).  May be that I caught her in the wrong time.  Will think hard about returning to this place again.笑
We had to-go again, Pipeapple Fried Rice and Pad See Ew with Tofu, love everything about this place.笑
A must visit Thai restaurant.  The owner is such a great person, and her food is delicious. Young servers were pleasant and friendly . I would give maximum star ..
Good food
Good service..笑
The restaurant was nice looking and very clean. The cashier was quite polite. When she brought me the mail that I ordered, I opened it just to make sure that it was correct. I ordered the Grapow which is a stirfried ground pork in mixed chopped chilies. Very spicy, the way I like it. But I called on the phone just to make sure that it was only the chopped chilies and nothing else, And they said that the Grapow also comes with onions and other vegetables. When I checked the food to see if it was just ground pork and chopped chilies, I had to have them remake it. When I finally got it again it was made correctly, but there was maybe 3 ounces of ground pork in this big square to go box. I don't know if you guys know how much 3 ounces of ground pork looks like, but just imagine maybe to gulps of water and you're done. I paid $10 for this. I don't recommend this place to anyone. Great atmosphere, great service, pathetic food. Two stars.笑
I want to love this Thai place so close to home. Spouse  brought home takeout and forgot to ask them to omit the bell peppers. After carefully removing all the bell pepper from two entrees, I had a dinner size plate full of peppers and the entrees could now fit in a small coffee cup. The flavors were very good. We will try again.笑
We used to live in Tempe and we would always go to Yupha's, which was amazing, but now we live in Chandler and needed our Thai go-to a little closer.  I found Mr. Thai on Yelp and at first thought it was good, but I've had such issues with spice level that I probably won't be back.  It's never very spicy and whether I order medium or hot it doesn't seem to make any difference as it always comes out a little mild.  So last time I ordered the drunken noodles I remembered how Yupha's had the option of "Thai hot" for heat level, so I thought I'd try that.  I asked for Thai Hot when I called in the order and they said okay.  When I got home, I opened the bag and both boxes had written on them in bold letters "Thai Medium".  I thought that was a little strange.  Well, it was so hot it was almost inedible.  For me to say that is something, as I have never found anything in any restaurant that was too hot for me.  I seriously enjoy hot food, and the hotter the better.  It was clearly intentional and it kind of ruined my dinner.  I don't know if they were offended that I asked for Thai Hot, or if they were just having a bad day and took it out on me, but either way I'm not sure I feel comfortable having my food prepared by someone who secretly hates me.笑
I guess I am picky about Thai food. I used to really love this place, but the quantity and quality of food has really gone downhill. I ordered a yellow curry to go and it was served in a large quart sized container, however there was very little "stuff" in the curry. It was probably one cup of potatoes, onions, carrots, and chicken and the rest of it was sauce. That wouldn't be too terrible, except that they give you the smallest side of rice ever. I think it's a one cup container. For the price, I can go to another Thai restaurant that's the same distance from my house and get double the food! That means extras for other meals, which I love. The food was also really greasy, which I don't think I've ever had happen with a Thai restaurant before. If the flavor was on pointe like it used to be here I would keep coming back, but there just isn't anything special about it anymore.笑
Scaling back to 3 stars. The last few times we have gone the dishes have not been what they used to be. We have even received burnt Mr Thai rolls twice now. They seem to be busier, which is great. But hoping they get the flavor and consistency back to where it used to be.笑
Was excited to see a new Thai place open up close to home. Was REALLY excited when I tasted the food. My wife and I shared Pad Thai Chicken and Red Curry and both were excellent. The service was friendly and fast, and the restaurant was clean and nicely decorated. We will definitely be back.笑
I think this place might be better to actually dine in but our first experience was take out. Restaurant is very small but it appears they provide spice options for dine in that they don't for take out. Anyways, I ordered the Mr. Thai Fried Rice and my fiancé ordered the garlic beef with sticky rice. $25 for both. I get home after picking up and the sticky rice was clumped together inside a Ziploc bag- weird. The portion on the fried rice was good except there were only 2 pieces of shrimp (which you pay $2 extra for) so that was a disappointment. The garlic beef was OK. Fried rice lacked flavor so I ended up adding soy sauce we had at home to bring some flavor to the dish. Overall, the food wasn't all that great for take out. I would be hesitant to try this place again.笑
Every time we visit we are thoroughly impressed!  We have never been disappointed, the food is amazing!  The service is great and the restaurant is spotless.  I'm surprised that it is not full, come on you guys, the prices are great and the food is ample and fantastic!笑
We went there on a Thursday night and we were the only ones there.  Food was fantastic, although hot means HOT!!  Pineapple fried rice was a hit, yellow curry was great, green curry with vegetables was great, although I didn't love the eggplant in it (personal preference).  Service was very good.笑
Outstanding!  Everything tasted very fresh and like it was made from scratch; no powders, etc.  Red and green curries were both really good.笑
This is one of the better thai places in the east valley , good prices , good food , good service , I do recommend everyone to try this place out笑
Just finished an excellent and affordable lunch and it's right around the corner from home. We tried this place on a whim and are so glad we did.笑
Really like have a place this good so close to home.  The service is fast and friendly, the food is great, and the restaurants and very clean.  So far we have had the pad Thai, the eggplant, the yellow curry and a couple of the fried rice dishes.  Everything has been terrific.笑
Definitely one of the best Thai places to eat at in gilbert! 
I have lived in Arizona for 17 months now and I have been looking for a good Thai place to eat at and finally after 17 months of searching I have found by far the best place to eat at Mr Thai Bistro they have the best customer service that I have experienced and I will definitely be going back every month for ever. It's also located right next door to my sons new barber shop so it's it's a great deal for me. I get to eat at my new Thai Resturant and get my sons hair cut all in grip.
Thank you Mr Thai Bistro for making great food and thank you for your great customer service!!!笑
There's 3 different Mr Thai Bistro on here but they are the same place.  Went on a Saturday night and place was packed.  Wait time was 30mins.  We had kids with us so we left.  Came back the next day and had the place all to ourselves :)  Owner is very nice.  They were apologetic about not being able to seat us the night before.  Place is very small but food is good and portions are generous.  Our favorite was the tom yum soup!  A bit on the pricey side for casual dinner but will definitely go back and recommend this place.笑
My husband and I LOVE Thai food and until visiting Mr. Thai Bistro, had pretty much given up on any good places - too many bad experiences, even with places that we had loved at one point.  Anyway, decided to try Mr. Thai Bistro, and it was Awesome.  The food was fresh and flavorful and I felt the portion sizes were just right.  I think next time we can go a bit hotter, but I appreciated that the waitress/owner suggested to do medium the first time in case her hot was too hot :)  She was very friendly and attentive. We will be back to eat here again.笑
I was originally headed to the Vietnamese place near here but spotted this and decided to give it a try. Glad I did! The staff was very friendly and welcoming and they answered any questions I had. I tried out the Thai iced tea which ended up being a bit more like an iced coffee to my tastebuds bud still yummy and worth a try! Fried rice crackers came with my meal and were a bit bland but not bad by any means. For my meal I had the Pad See Ew and subbed in beef instead of chicken. I got it at level 3 spice and it was a bit hot, but just how I wanted it. The food was flavorful and I got a good portion for what little I paid. I am very glad I spotted this place and came in, it was a wonderful experience! I will be returning soon!笑
I'm so sad, this place is NOT as good as it used to be. It was at one point the secret spot for amazing Thai food with huge portions. We stopped in and had the usual yellow curry and mussamun (mus-sam-mun..?) curry and were very disappointed. Both Curry's left much to be desired. The mussamun was too sour and had a somewhat chalky and thick globby texture. Best way to describe it. The yellow curry was too runny and and oily. Both came in/on a thick plate. The kind that makes you think it's a bowl until you sink your spoon in and it hits the bottom before being fully submerged. Yeah that kind.. On top of all of that, they no longer serve complimentary fried chips and Thai salad before your meal. I loved those fried chip things!

The owner is the same women as before, and service was good as always. I really hope that maybe this was just an off day, or there was a sub cook back there. However if these are permanent changes, I don't see business running as smoothly for them.笑
My family and I were craving some Thai food this afternoon and since this place is around the corner and we had never tried it before we decided to try Mr Thai Bistro.

To start, we dropped in at opening (11am) and the door was locked and there was no answer. 10 minutes later the owner walks past and apologizes for being late. Whatever.

We are seated and menus are already on the table and our server brings us water. We order spring rolls, pad thai, green curry and chicken satay. The spring rolls were very delicious and beautifully presented. The chicken satay was also very good, though the portion size was a little small. The green curry was also very good. Sadly, my pad thai was the bad part of the meal. The smell of it was terrible and it tasted worse. I only took one bite to figure out that they had doused it with fish sauce and it completely overpowered everything. 

Now, had this next part not happened I would not have been inclined to write this review, but because of such poor customer service I feel the need to. I let the server know I didn't like the pad thai because it had a lot of fish sauce in it. She looked at me and said, "Yeah, pad thai has fish sauce in it."  I let her know that I was aware of this fact but that it was just overwhelming. At this point she made a face and turned around to take an order from the next 2 tables. After she was finished she came and picked up my dish and walked back in a huff. No request to make something else, no apology, nothing but major attitude. 

So, all in all I will not be returning to this place. The majority of the dishes are good but because of the bad customer service I got I don't feel it's worth it.笑
Yellow curry is very good as is the pad thai and spicy green beans. I have been here numerous times in the short time they have been open the owners are very nice and offer great customer service. The prices are also very good 7.52 after tax for their lunch which is steal for how much you get and the quality and taste of it all. its always clean and they are always nice.笑
Rarely do you just happen upon a restaurant that "just stands out"...certainly you've seen them...that is Mr. Thai Bistro...!!!

Not a very large restaurant, perhaps with 6 or 7 tables...a seating capacity of 20-25...this is not large, but then again, they don't need too...

The menu is quite diverse, curries, vegetables, rices, meats...take your time. I had chose a starter...fried tofu, followed by the Tom Yum Koong soup, then my main entrée the Spicy Green Beans with Chicken.

I like spice, and did discuss levels of spice with the server... I elected to go with the "just as it's prepared" level of spice. What's that you ask...well, don't add anything additional than how you normally prepare the meal.

The fried tofu was perfect...a light brown outside yet soft inside...very tasty. The soup had a good flavor and two large prawns. Very tasty. Then arrives the spicy green beans with chicken...I'm glad to have not ordered additional spice...it arrived mild, not spicy hot...but the taste buds came alive with all the flavors...oh this was remarkable, truly a masterpiece...!!!

What you have here is a real "Gem"...they are certainly a small business. These are your friends, neighbors, family...doing what they love...the love for Thai culture and culinary "awesomeness". Take some time and treat yourself and a loved one to a remarkable experience. If you've not enjoyed much variety of Thai, well my friends, this is the place to go. Show some support, you will be happy that did. Enjoy.笑
Best Thai In the Valley!!!! Great service, exceptional ingredients what more can I say. They are THE best when it comes to Thai food. This is a taste of Thailand in Chandler and very lucky to have such a great restaurant so close to home I have been here 20 times and will be going back for many years to come.笑
I am so excited to be here because it's yummy!!
I ordered the crispy root appetizer and it was very good and nicely presented

Drunken noodles were so good and looked beautiful!
Excellent service!笑
First time here the food and service is fantastic. I had Togo orders ready in 10 mins, the fried rice is one of the best I've had. Can't go wrong with anything on the menu.笑
Food tastes great. Friendly and accomodating staff. Mrthais spring rolls are fabulous.  Egg plant very good. Delicious green curry.笑
Curry very delicious! Waiter nice and courteous.
Great starter salad. 
Family owed seems like  had a little girl with her mommy napping a row down from us (might be a culture thing) as a customer certainly not bothered by that. 
Ordered yellow curry " your usual curry "10/10 - 
garlic pepper chicken 6/10 was expecting a bit more peppery but over all great blend of flavors.
Tom Ka HUGE disappointment!!!!  Had tomatoes and raw onion, never in my life have I had it this way.
Would probably go back if in the area, starving and craving Tai.笑
I've eaten here and got takeout.  this place is better than several in the area that I've eaten such as Mint Thai and Thairama,  I would go so far as to say it beats Mali's on Main in Scottsdale.  the food is great the service is excellent and the presentation is wonderful.笑
Prices are reasonable and the Tom Yum Soup and Spicy Eggplant dish were very flavorful although seriously lacking any heat.I ordered the Fried Banana desert over the phone but was informed that they had ran out by the time I got there to pick up my order.I was told that they were out of all their deserts.A bit of a disappointment.That and the fact that my food was not ready upon the stated preparation time.I had to wait around for several more minutes,The cashier was kind enough to offer me a complimentary Thai Iced Tea for the inconvenience.But I doubt that I'll be back.笑
One of my favorite hidden jewels, I always love returning here. They give great service and they've always cooked the food great! Would highly recommend take out or even a casual meal inside.笑
Very typical Thai restaurant, would only go here if I was in the area. For lunch my friend and I had the pad Thai and eggplant with chicken. 

It was good but they were really skimpy with the eggplant in my entree.

It was pretty packed and they were playing K-Pop. The service was your stereotypical service when it comes to Asian restaurants, they couldn't care less, not very prompt, annoyed when you asked questions. I have a handful of Thai restaurants in the valley that are my go to places but Mr. Thai will not be one of them.笑
Look up charming in the dictionary and you would see a picture of Mr. Thai, the owner Oh and her husband (the chef).

My mom lives very close by and we happened to see the sign about a new Thai restaurant to the street so we decided to give it a shot.

We went in at about 8:30pm on a Saturday night and we had the restaurant to our selves, although Oh told us it was packed an hour earlier. 

The restaurant is clean and has great lighting and decor. While we were reviewing the menu she brought us a basket of still sizzling rice chips that were so good!
We decided to order the Pad Thai and Yellow Curry. Both arrived hot and beautifully presented. 
The Pad Thai was full of flavor and the shrimp were plentiful. The Yellow Curry was just what I was craving, the chicken was tender and the veggies were cooked perfectly. 
I will say that nothing here has much heat to it, so ask for added spice if that is what you like. 

They are waiting on a liquor licence (either beer & wine or BYOB). 
They also have lunch specials for $6.95...

Come support this adorable place run by the sweetest couple that really care about their customers!笑
I have gotten take out from here many times the past few months and have never been disappointed. I get the Pad Thai with tofu and it's always delicious! The noodles are perfect, even as leftovers. The tofu is always yummy. The spring rolls are always good too. The staff is very friendly! I wish I had discovered this place earlier.笑
The best pad thai chicken in the east valley. If you like it pretty spicy, order medium spice. That is hot enough.笑
Pad Thai was literally orange. I ordered mine spicy but the server forgot to mention that to the cook. I've had plenty of pad Thai but I don't remember it normally being greasy, mine was soaked in grease. Also no peanuts or bean sprouts. Menu says scallions but what they mean is scallion because my dish had one sliver. Won't be coming back here again.笑
Dudes. Go to Mr. Thai. This is the only decent Thai place we've found in the Gilbert/Chandler area, so we won't be going anywhere else from now on. We have loved the green curry and basil fried rice - those are our standards. But it's all very tasty and worth your time. Free salad. Friendly service. Entertaining Thai TV being beamed into the eating area. This place is the tops.笑
Came to Gilbert visiting good friend of mine. He didn't feel like going out to eat . So we decided to pickup some Thai food in the area . Read some reviews on Yelps and went to Mr Thai checking them out . For sure Yelps didn't let me down. Thai food there was awesome and delicious beyond my expectations! The owner was there. She came out from the kitchen. I assumed she was a chef as well helping us what to order. The place is very small and clean maybe about 9-10 tables at most. Thank you Paula your are so sweetheart! Next time I will dine in for sure! You bet笑
Some of the best thai food I've had in the valley. My husband and I dined there last night.  We started with the crispy rolls- delicious. I had the Yellow Curry with chicken.  It had great flavor, not too heavy with coconut milk and just the right amount of heat. My husband had the Shrimp Pad Tai, he absolutely loved it. He went with the hot rather than the Thai hot, good choice, hot enough to enjoy without burning your mouth off. The service was heartfelt and welcoming. We will definitely be back.笑
It was the go to place for my Thai food in Gilbert, however it seems the quality of the food are going downhill.The Thai tea I got teast really sour (prob the milk expired). I would rather drive further for my Thai food next time.笑
We were slightly unsure at first as we walked in and saw no one (but in all fairness it was the day after Thanksgiving), but ended up delightfully surprised! The food was excellent, the presentation was beautiful, and the service delightful. I wish I could give them ten stars!笑
Wonderful customer service.  Small, cozy place.  The food was absolutely delicious.  The vegtables in my pad thai were not overcooked and were still slightly crunchy.  Generous plates for such a small price.  I got the hot- absolutely love spicy, but this was actually very hot.  You might go for mild if you don't like spicy. 100% recommend this place. Will definitely be back soon.笑
2nd Sunday in s row we've ordered from here. 
Today I ordered the Thai Hot........and ate every last bite.  I am officially in love with this place. I made my wife a fan too!  When I placed my order she didn't want anything, but I got her some anyway, she's hooked too!!!!笑
For a small hole in the wall Thai food place, this place was really good. We got dinner to go rather than dining in, but from the moment I placed my order over the phone, the lady I spoke to was so nice and wasn't one of those really mean, yelling ladies like at the other Asian restaurants (you'd understand if you've experienced this). When we came home, the food was packaged really well. We ordered the Panang Curry and Pad See Eu. The rice was shaped into an upside down cone in a separate container. The portion size was really good, the flavors were authentic. The Panang curry was not as peanut buttery as other Thai restaurants, it had more fish sauce and lime flavor, but was still delicious. The vegetables in the dishes weren't overcooked to death and they had a nice fresh crunch to them and not totally mush. I'd definitely come back again.笑
I saw the reviews on Yelp that somebody was originally headed to the Vietnamese place near here but spotted this and decided to give it a try. She said that she was glad she did! Haha~~Me too. That's why I also tried it. The staff was very friendly and welcoming and they answered any questions I had. I ate drunken beef noodle. Wow!!! This is traditional authentic Asian food!!!! So yummy!! I really really like it. I will come back to try other meals ASAP. Lunch specials are cheaper. One is charged in $6.95. I will try next time.笑
Tiny little place but made up for it with big flavor.  I ordered the garlic and black pepper chicken.  I asked for thai hot and the server warned me that it was really hot!  She wasn't kidding!!  The first few bites were delicious and then the heat kicked in.  Most places don't make it as spicy as I like, but this place did not disappoint.  While it was a pretty simple dish, the garlic and pepper was the star of the dish.  It didn't come with a big portion of rice, but who needs all of those calories anyway?  The summer roll that came with lunch was nothing special, basically a tiny salad wrapped in rice paper.  It was also pretty busy for lunch, which is always a good sign.  Will definitely try this place again.笑
I have to give another five-star to this place because of their customer service. Several times now I've come here a little after 8:30, and they've always been perfectly happy to whip up some last-minute meals for takeout. I know I have horrible timing, but never once have they turned me away for showing up a little bit before they close. Service like that is appreciated. :)笑
I continue to return here. The food is great and the staff is friendly.  I ordered the Thai hot spice level for my food this time. It was definitely hot! Not for the novice... I loved it. Just remember that if it goes in spicy hot it will come out the same way. Sorry for the TMI but I wanted to make sure you were warned. I love this place I wish they received more lunch business. Unfortunately, their location is not conducive to a brisk lunch business. Highly recommended!笑
Wow great Thai food in Chandler!!!  My family has been to Thailand and this place is great!  We LOVED all the appetizers - lots of yummy Thai peanut sauce.  The spicy eggplant chicken was very flavorful as was the soup.  You can order your spice for the level you can handle = for me not spicy, for my father in law - Thai spicy (my eyes were watering across the table!).   They are new and not very busy yet so don't let the lack of patrons discourage you!笑
I'm the type of person who always orders the same thing when I get Thai food - Pad Thai w/ chicken. This time, after looking at all of the Drunken Noodles w/ chicken pictures posted, I decided to step out of my comfort zone and try something new. The dish was amazing, so amazing I am planning on having it again tonight as I've been dreaming about them all week (horrible to admit, I know). 

The only reason I didn't do 5 stars is because I still need to try a few other dishes, including my go-to Pad Thai to be able to really tell if it's as good as it gets. Try this place if you're into Thai, I don't think you'll be disappointed.笑
The red curry is delicious as is the Thai tea. I wish they served sake or beer, but the food is good enough to make up for that!笑
Stayed open late for us. Reasonable prices. Good selection. Offered more than expected (complimentary rice chips and salad). Delicious food. Courteous service. Cozy atmosphere. A true gem. We'll be coming back :)笑
I am in love! I have finally found a Thai got that lives up to its name! I am taking a break halfway through my pad Thai to sip some Tom kha to cool that heat and post this review! If you are a true spice lover, this is the place for you !笑
I ate here with a friend for dinner. We had the summer roll, drunken noodle, and basil fried rice. Everything was delicious. They also bring out some shrimp chips :) We also got salads served in a nice glass. It looked great but did not appeal to my palate. No big deal, it was complimentary from dining in. 

Another time, I placed an order to go. I had the Mr. Thai egg rolls, which were just okay. For nearly $7, I got 4 egg rolls with a seafood mix. It's not something that I would order again. I also had a Mr. Thai fried rice which was absolutely amazing and the drunken noodles with shrimp.笑
Had the hot and sour soup for an appetizer and the panang chicken curry and man was it good! The 3 spicey did the trick, definitely has some kick! Will be back soon!笑
Went in for lunch, been for supper a few times before. Wife had green curry and I had drunken chicken, both are really good, green curry comes in a smaller than you would expect bowl but had lots of vegetables as did the chicken dish. Will definitely go back for lunch again!笑
Loved this place, good food at a good price and huge quantities. The ambiance is pretty good as well. They warn you when you order "thai medium" or "thai hot", listen to them, it is really hot :)笑
First time trying this place and loved  it! Friendly service..  Awesome tasting food..  Great portions.  I ordered the Panang chicken with medium spice and it tasted amazing! The crispy roll was also yummy!笑
We just moved to this area away from our beloved Thai spot in east Mesa and were looking for a new one and were so glad that we found this spot. We've only had a few dishes the 2-3 times we've been here but so far have not been disappointed. I will point out that they have 4 levels of spice like other reviewers have pointed out: Thai Hot, Thai Medium, Hot, or Medium. There is no mild - I called and ordered that based on another Yelp review and was corrected by the girl there. Oh and this place is spicy!!! My husband was very pleased to find somewhere that was actually HOT (he got the hottest). I stuck with regular medium.笑
First time here. Absolutely impressed! The ambience is nice, the food is delicious, the service is quick and friendly, and the presentation is spot on! 
We ordered the crispy rolls, tom ka gai (this will be my go to cold weather soup from here on out), drunken noodles with chicken, chili basil, and mango sticky rice. It was all delicious! 
We will be returning!笑
We wished we could've tried this restaurant but unfortunately, they are not "kids friendly". They do not have a high chair. When we requested for one, the server told us "our restaurant is small so we don't have any high chairs". I'm sorry but I have eaten in smaller places, they at least have one high chair. So we ended up leaving this place since we can't risk having our son fall from their adult chairs & booth seats.笑
Thai cuisine is my favorite. I ordered to go from this place and it tasted terrible . I ordered the chicken coconut soup and beef panang and both are terrible. I dunno who this place got almost 5 stars. The thai food supposed to be spicy, the food tasted like a tomato soup or something.笑
Very surprised to see all these fantastic reviews, which is why I'm highly disappointed. The reason I came was because of the reviews. The food was not good. Had pad see iew for lunch and I couldn't believe the flavor of it. I mean, what flavor? It was hardly tasty and even when I did taste anything, it was way too sweet, which is normally not like that at other places. Also, the roll you get during lunch was just veggies shoved in a rice paper roll. No bueno. I also tried the mango rice. Why is it green?! Freaked me out to be honest. All and all, I wouldn't come back. Super bummed :(笑
This place is the real thing.  Great, delicious Thai food at a reasonable price.  Food comes out hot and delicious. Decor is casual and simple.  The place is super clean and has an A rating. I highly recommend.笑
As the star rating says, "meh, I've experienced better".  And I'm not talking about in Thailand (where, yes, it is MUCH better).

We were recommended here, and had the opportunity, so we stopped-in.  Hostess was very pleasant   There was only one other occupied table at the time (though a few people popped in for take-out while we were there).  We eventually selected a few dishes and were told it would be about 15 minutes.  Which was pretty close to accurate.

The food itself was fine.  Nothing special at all.  Just fine.  It had ZERO heat, which for Thai food just doesn't work.  I understand not everyone likes a lot of heat.  Heck, even I can't eat Thai-hot.  But there should be some!  They do provide chili flakes and chili oil, which I used.  It helped a bit.  Don't get me wrong.  The food wasn't bad.  It just wasn't great either.  I think they Americanized too much.

The cook (and owner?) did come out and visit the table, which was nice.

One big complaint is portion size.  Much smaller than most Thai places I've visited.  The rice portion was absurd.  I think they tried to distract you from the small quantity by doing a nice presentation (cone-of-rice, anyone?).  But it really doesn't make up for there not being enough rice for the dish.  Even though the dish (curry) wasn't that much.  We had to order more rice, which also came out in a small cone.  For a buck.  Usually a dollar buys a decent-sized bowl of rice, probably 2x the amount in their fancy cone.  Face it, rice is cheap.  There's really no excuse to skimp like that.

Overall, disappointing.  Nice staff, but a bit skimpy on the quantity and the flavor was just-OK.  There are too many other Thai places out there that have better food (and more of it) to come here again.笑
We eat here at least once a week. The owners/staff are always so friendly and they go out of their way to make sure their customers are satisfied. We generally always order the same thing every time:  drunken noodles with chicken, basil fries rice and the panang. Although we've had Thai food other places that were better, this place is always consistent and very very good!笑
I ordered to-go but I'll probably try sitting inside sometime to see if that's more accurate. 

The person taking orders was extremely friendly and helpful. We ordered the Mr. Thai Rolls - pretty good, Mr. Thai fried rice - not bad although it had kind of a liver taste, and pad thai - way too salty. 

Overall not bad and the location is convenient. Just a bit salty even compared to other Thai places I've been to.笑
Excellent, delicious, and awesome!!! Can't wait to go back! Great decor and service! I think this place is better than Mint Thai Cafe. Definitely worth a try. Me and my husband were more than pleased with the food/cleanliness/service and decor!笑
Quality authentic real Thai food.  Great food, awesome service and outstanding presentation.  

Found my "best Thai" restaurant.笑
I had the chicken pad Thai. Ordered it medium spicy and it was perfect. Just enough to burn the tongue without being overpowering. The presentation was beautiful with colorful vegetables and fruit garnish. I will return.笑
We love Thai food and have had a hard time finding a place that is spicy enough for my hubby but that still packs the flavor. This place is it. 
Pineapple fried rice is excellent
Red curry, Thai hot is my hubby's favorite
Drunken noodles Medium is my favorite. 
We've had the soup but it seemed a bit overpriced for what we got. 
Pad Thai is good, but I like mine more saucy with lots of tamarind paste and fish sauce...this was lacking a little. 
Other people have commented about the portion size being too small. I disagree. It's just enough food that you leave full and not stuffed.

Cute place, great service. 
Just wish they delivered.笑
Wow if you love Thai food !!! This is it...I called this place THE ULTIMATE HOLE IN THE WALL ! located in Gilbert (SE. Corner of Cooper & Warner tucked in between Brazilian Jui Jitsu and EMG) Thai food here is phenomenon. If you have ever eaten lots of realThai food before you know what I'm talking about not one of those Americanized Thai food wanna be . I never like those places . I have been here several times always love their food never let me down but never thought about write review about them. Well maybe I shouldn't keep it secret. Speaking of Pad Thai here definitely one of my favorite food of all time . This place just nailed it . They used little small noodle which it always used in Thailand not big thick one . That's no no in Bangkok  haha .The pad Thai sauce is the key of everything. When I tasted it in your mouth it has sweetness of palm brown sugar and hinted of tamarind. That's what made pad Thai so delicious and Famous around the world. You probably wonder why I know all about this things . Well I  lived there in Thailand for over 20 years eating shit loads of pad Thai and Thai food  all my life there . No doubt I did know this stuffs . Besides the good Thai food there staffs who work there very nice and polite always keep my glass of water full while I'm eating there.Inside the restaurant is  kind of small & clean also decorations has some Thai vibe. Highly recommended for Thai food lover. For sure I will be back !!! for more Thai food