This is an old local place on the backstreets of Bethel Park that we keep coming back to since the new ownership took over a few years ago.  We had been living in BP for a few years and decided to take a chance on the place one evening during lent because we noticed that the sign out front had changed and they were advertising Lenten specials.  We were treated to the best fish sandwich we've ever had in the South Hills, and now when we get that craving for a good fish sandwich, this is our first choice.  I'm also a bit of a "wing nut" and I have to say that the wings at Ann's are top-shelf.  We've experimented with a few of the other items on the menu, and we've never been disappointed.  I plan to order a steak the next time I visit, because they always look so good coming out of the kitchen, and the prices are very modest for the quality and quantity of food that is served.  The dining room was completely renovated by the new owner, and it has a pleasant atmosphere, with a fireplace and a huge tank of tropical fish.  There's nothing pretentious about the dining room - just a large and comfortable space that reflects the kind of hard-working, value-seeking people who live in the community.  If I were looking to book a room for a party or a wedding reception in Bethel Park, this room would at the top of my list.  The bar has been updated too, and looks to be a work in progress.  The walls covered with caricature pictures of patrons are an indication of what I had already figured out:  This place is a regular haunt to a lot of local folks.  Think "Cheers" with a distinctly Pittsburghese flavor.  We've hung around late after dinner to see what goes on, and are never surprised to run into people we know from the school and community.  Not only is Ann's one of those best-kept local secrets for a good dinner, it also turns into a fun local pub after hours, with a DJ and dancing on the weekends.  Most of the time a DJ just gives me a headache because I am not a fan of hip-hop and rap, but apparently Ann's knows their crowd, and the music is mainly classic rock, classic country, classic R&B, and classic disco.  It's funny to see people ages 30 to 70 go running to the dance floor when the DJ plays an old favorite, and even funnier when you hear a whole barroom full of people singing along with an old classic song.  This place is DEFINITELY a classic in every sense of the word, and I highly recommend it to all of my friends in the South Hills.笑
Went here for my daughters birthday and the marsala was in a gravy. The salad was completely white lettuce. 
We had a 1/2 off one entree coupon and they would only take the discount off of the child's meal. Absurd right?
I then wrote them concerning my unhappiness with their restaurant. Here's their response...


Dear Ralph,

Thanks for your email. I was your waitress Sunday night. After you left I did ask with regards to the coupon and learned I should not have taken it off the childrens menu. I do apologize for that. Coupons are valid on the entree items only that are not on special. On the coupon it states 
"Not valid with any other specials" With that being said, Your coupon would not have been valid on your chicken marsala dinners. I was not aware you were unhappy with your dinners or I certainly would have offered to remake them, or get you something else in its place. The coupon would not have been valid on your hoagie purchase as its a sandwich.

I'm sorry your visit to Ann's was not what you have come to expect. If I can do anything else please don't hesitate to let me know.

Thanks

Jodie Brown
Office Manager

Ann's ChophouseFamily Style Restaurant笑
My husband and I went back to this restaurant to see that the atmosphere has turned 100% around.  They have done remodeling and taken care of the smoke problem.  We were pleasantly surprised.  The food has always been good.  But atmosphere is just as important. Thanks笑
Went here with my wife and kids a couple years ago before their remodel and were disgusted to find that our bread was moldy and our drinks were a fine home for gnats. I decided to give them another shot years later but I am disappointed to say that I will not be going back because of the staff's treatment of "certain" customers. Not only that but their prices have certainly skyrocketed. 1 star worthy.笑
In less-traveled Bethel Park there is a steakhouse, one that has stood for years uncounted. It is known only by local residents who pack the joint as casually as they would a relative's kitchen. 

The dining room is wide. A flatscreen television is mounted on the wall, and an aquarium(!) full of exotic fish acts as a centerpiece. 

There are no men in tuxedos to wait on you. Instead, women in black t-shirts and leggings befriend you and serve you traditional fare actualized nimbly. 

Take for instance the colossal rack of ribs (cut 4 ways and stacked atop each other) I ordered. As with all quality barbecued pork, the meat practically undressed itself from the bones cleanly, turned into fatty liquid in my mouth, and was topped by a sauce as deep and dark as the eyes of a necromancer. Stickier than a hair-metal chorus, and consecrated (damned?) by ingredients unknowable, the sauce was at once delectable and alcoholic, not unlike a jar of hot fudge imbibed with rum. 

The cole slaw was admirably creamy, crisp, and cool. The french fries reawakened 20 year-old memories of The Original Hot Dog Shop with their twice-fried texture and terrestrial, nutlike flavor. 

Kay's New York Strip Steak was masterfully done medium-rare, yielding to fork, knife, and teeth with the bleeding tenderness of a lovelorn songwriter. 

Tori, our server, became fast friends with us, eagerly telling us about the restaurant's specials, including prime rib, urging us to return. 

God bless you, Ann, whoever you are, and thank you for revealing to us yet another treasure of Pittsburgh's southern suburbs.笑
We went to dinner on Saturday because my husband wanted to try the prime rib.  The food was good but the table next to us a man was smoking and it smelled terrible.  That pretty much ruin our dinner experience.  I thought there was no smoking in restraunts.   We had just showered and my hair and clothes were smelly.  They have a separate bar area but the smoke filters through a long with the person smoking next to us.  I would go back only when the smoking stops.  I think they could do something to help get customers by STOP THE SMOKING.笑
It's our tried and true place and we keep coming back. Wish there was a 4 1/2 star rating so I chose the 5 star.  When we don't know where we want to go, Ann's comes up as we always enjoy our meal there. Yes, the atmosphere isn't much to write home about- big screen TV, huge pretty fish tank and tables with the thick plastic tablecloths- but everything is clean, the service has always been attentive, and the food very good. And I'm pretty darn sensitive to cigarette smoke and have never smelled it in the dining room. Perhaps the other reviewers sat close to the door to the bar....  We don't really need a restaurant to update their looks (and then raise prices) to draw them in. And Ann's really does draw them in!  The locals know where to eat and as we were sitting there, the tables filled up and our waitress (as we found out) called for back-up. As luck would have it, one waitress lives close-by and came in to work on a moment's notice. Nice dedication to her restaurant and her customers. Turns out our waitress had only there for 2 weeks and it was great to see how she kept her calm and continued smiling. 

Now, to the food!!  My husband had the prime rib- a special. For $15.99 the meat covered the plate. It came complete with salad, rolls and butter, baked potato and mixed veges and he happily finished every bite. My Mother-in-Law had the chicken romano $11.99. Three beautiful thick, juicy and not greasy pieces of chicken! She was delighted (and usually hard to please!). She ate the fresh cut fries first - always a favorite with her and took 2 of the 3 pieces of chicken home. I had the filet - with all the sides - tasty and just enough to satisfy my hunger. $13.99 for a filet dinner! Love too that you have the option of a 1/2 carafe of wine so you're not always having to wait for another glass.  Just wish they had some sweeter wine like moscato or Lambrusco for the older folk. But the carmel apple martini was a good substitute!

We've had the burgers, fish, RUEBEN!!!, hoagies award winning ribs, etc - all good! Some may have to just to get past the 'dining room' atmosphere and realize that THAT is part of the charm. If upscale ambiance really matters, there are plenty of other options/chain restaurants to go to. We like to support the locals and Ann's makes it easy to do so.

Give it a try and see for yourself!  AND they're open on Sunday!笑
I took my wife and son to Ann's Chop House for the first time. We were immediately seated as soon as we walked into the dinning room. We had two waitresses tending to all of our needs throughout our meal. The menu was fairly large with a lot of choices. Sandy made great suggestions to my wife for her meal. She had ordered the Fettuccine Alfredo and had the 12oz Delmonico. My son ordered spaghetti. My Delmonico was extremely tasty and cooked to perfection. My wife's fettuccine and sons meals were tasty as well. The portions are very nice in size and were well worth the money. We will definitely be returning in the near future.笑
My New York Strip Steak was top notch!!! Tori is a doll and told us they are entering BBQ competitions soon. I never knew it existed.笑
Service was horrible . When we asked to speak to a manager after 20 minutes the cook came out and had an attitude . After we explained our issues we were told to "f off" . After that the manager "Chris" came out and started yelling at us and told us to leave and never come back. We recorded part of it and we plan on contacting the better business bureau.笑
This place was horrible the service bad. The place was not crowded at all. I ordered the special which was lasagna the salad came with it it was in the freezer not made fresh. The waitress brought dinner rolls out they were heated up but frozen in the middle. When I did get my lasagna it was cold in the middle I had to send it back when it was returned to me it was still cold I did not eat half of it. We will not go back for sure from looking at the reviews it looks like it is a hit and miss kind of place.笑
1981 called and they want their restaurant back.  Holy smokes (literally)!  We walked into a very "supper club" type atmosphere, and were hit in the face with stale cigarette smoke odor.  The bar, which has a separate entrance, is separated from the restaurant by a door, which diners kept opening to go back and forth to smoke.  Pretty gross, but we were so hungry we stayed.  Let me tell you off the top:  The 5 star reviews this place has gotten are so far off the mark it's alarming!  Also, a Chophouse??  I think not.  Diner, maybe.  Outdated Supper Club, definitely.  

Let's go over the menu: We started with the stuffed banana peppers.  This is one of two reasons I am giving this place ANY stars. Not terrible and about the right amount of sauce and cheese.   My husband ordered the breaded shrimp for his dinner entree.  Overcooked and definitely frozen, with canned corn (think elementary school hot lunch) and a pretty disgusting salad (that had, literally, a rotten tomato on the TOP).  How that made it out to the table is a wonderment to me.  Also on the side were some very weak instant mashed potatoes, sitting in a virtual pool of butter-type yellow liquid.  He took one bite and just could not eat anymore.  I ordered the fish sandwich.  The breading was really dark and flavorless.  The bun was this huge boat of a stale bun.  No thank you!  The fries that came with it appeared to be hand cut, which I can appreciate, but had no salt whatsoever.  More regarding the menu:  Decently priced, but you get what you pay for, I guess.  Nice selection of steaks, sandwiches and dinner entrees, but as for flavor??  Probably not happening.

Our waitress was very friendly and accommodating.  That would be the other reason it deserves a 2 star rating.  Though my husband and I are classic "silent killers," that smile and say everything is fine, not wanting to hurt the server's feelings.  But then we leave with the intention of NEVER coming back.  If we had pointed out the problems, I wonder what her response might have been. 

I hope this helps you if you are deciding whether or not to dine here. Unless you enjoy breathing in stale cigarette odor, eating overcooked, flavorless food, and an ambiance of dirty 80's wainscoting (with a vacuum cleaner just sitting there in the dining room), do not bother.  By the way, if you have ever felt a twinge of sympathy for fish living in poor conditions, do NOT sit near the "aquarium."  It was probably cleaned the last time the men's bathroom was.笑
This is my absolute favorite bar. It has a real locals vibe but nobody bats an eye if it's your first time stopping through. The restaurant side of the establishment has just been remodeled and they're in the process of redoing the bar. A new marble bar top has just been added as well as a new floor. Inside the bar there are plenty of HD TVs so you'll never miss any of the sports action. I'll be honest in saying that I've never had their steaks or chops but the apps, sandwiches, wings and burgers are absolutely great and the portions will never leave you hungry. Another great plus is that you can walk in wearing a suit and tie, or come in covered in mud from a long day at work, it's all good笑
My husband and I tried out this place when our first choice was closed for the holiday. We were lucky! Great lunch and friendly service. Portions were large and you get your money's worth in both cost and flavor. We will be back for dinner!笑
They serve an enormous amount of food.  Bread, salad, main dish with both vegetable and choice of side and potato.  It's bland and very common - tough steak, pasta with standard industrial restaurant sauces and hoagies.  But I tell you, as soon as I walked in, I felt like I was in a VFW lodge and the quality of the food was the same.  Bad?  no.  Good,meh.  Great and worth 5 stars, absolutely not.  Unless you have some sort of sentimental attachment to this place, get a steak somewhere else.笑
I am giving this restaurant 5 stars because the owners are definitely improving the facility.  The parking lot is now paved and lined, the décor in the dining room is being updated as well as new carpeting.  It is no longer just a smoky bar joint.  The service is friendly and the food is very good for the money. The steaks are done to perfection.  I like the warm rolls and the homemade soups are yummy especially the mushroom.  This is not an upscale restaurant but a wonderful local bar with good food.  Give it a try.笑
We have been wanting to try this restaurant for some time today we did , excellent service , excellent food , and very friendly staff , we definitely will be back.笑
Having dinner here tonight. Find the food to be fair at best. My son ordered a hamburger without cheese and it came out of the kitchen with cheese. We told the brand new waitress who was sweet and she returned it to the kitchen. Instead of a new burger we got the same burger that had the cheese melted off so now the burger was over done and burnt. The bartender ? Helped the waitress serve food and was swearing like a truck driver so loudly in the bar area that we could hear here in the restaurant.  The  special was pot roast and was ok. I got the end piece  and it was very fatty and not edible.  We have eaten here in the past and will not return again. Best part of the meal was the sweet waitress.笑
The food was actually pretty darn good. I was very surprised. We had the ribs and one of the strip steaks. However the place reeked like stale cigarettes and the place looked very dated on the inside with the exception of the walls which were probably recently painted. Also the service was sub par. We also heard a fight about to take place in the bar that was connected. We had a child with us and heard F bombs coming from the bar. This is not a place to take a family and the place was pretty empty probably because of the crowd at the bar. However, if you don't care about the looks or the rowdy bar crowd and want some good ribs and a good steak. You may like it a lot.笑
So the menu looked good, it's a 10 minute ride from Finleyville and my wife and I thought let's try it! The dining room entrance is under construction so you have to go through the bar which is a smoking bar. If you're a non smoker that is intense. But ok still wanted to try their food. Girl told us to pick a table so we picked one right in the middle next to other diners. A nice guy gave us our water and iced teas right away. We sat for another 20 minutes......watched many other people come in and they had their orders taken before us. Like I said we were dab smack in the middle. The waitresses had to have walked by us at least a dozen times each as the bar was on one side of us and the kitchen on the other. Shame on the girls, and the owner who hired them. The whole ordeal was 25 minutes. I won't ever try this place again which is a shame. I would like an apology.