nice small restaurant tucked in a corner plaza.  very spacious (i wonder why there is a sign saying "occupancy load 36"???.... they can only have 36 sit in customers??!!!  anyways,  menu is limited for now... no beverages available even.  
food is good and hot.  stir fried dishes not oily at all.  very promising place.  looking forward to its fuller menu.Ǿ
Definitely is very convenient to eat here. Situated where the new housing area is in Aurora. 

Food: good for a fusion flavour concept, meaning that the food is the usual Asian dishes but not quite as flavourful as dishes you might taste in Scarborough/ Richmond Hill restaurant. 

Atmosphere: limited seats, probably 12-14 tables of 2- 4-people each. The decor was cool. 

The service was a bit slow, but not rude. All you need right? We ordered something but what came to us was not what we expected. No matter, food still good. Will come back again.Ǿ
We ordered takeout for dinner. Called in advance and was told it would be ready in 10 mins. Walked over from our house and it was ready when we arrived. Owner was friendly when we ordered. 

We tried the sweet and sour pork with rice - it was crispy and tasty but had a bit too much batter.

Also tried the satay beef fried rice noodle which was a bit too saucy but overall good. 

We would come again as it was a good experience. 

Now that there is a full menu we look forward to trying other dishes.Ǿ
So glad we tried this place...it's like 5 minutes from our house!  Fantastic, fresh made Chinese food...lots of choice for sure and very well priced.  The eggplant hotpot with minced pork is a winner and I loved the Royal Chicken (served cold so you know).  Lots of fresh veggies in the dishes too and not just a few random onions and peppers.  It seems like the locals are starting to embrace this place, which is great because we don't have anything else like it in the area.  If you're in Aurora, give it a shot.  You can get a half chicken with 3 other dishes and rice for $40 and it more than feeds 3 people.Ǿ
We've been here a few times now and have noticed improvements by the staff with each visit.  The food has always been great and the staff has always been friendly and patient.  The first few times we came here the food came out slow and many menu items were not available because they didn't have main ingredients.  The last time we visited the restaurant, the food came out quick.  Our favourite item here is definitely the steamed chicken!  Sounds simple, but so delicious!Ǿ
The food is tasty.
I got the black pepper pork chops. Sauce is on the spot. Pork chops are generous in size. 
Looking for more veggies than two pieces of cucumbers. 
The milk tea was weak, wasn't HK style milk tea - the drink lost one star. 
But overall decent place.Ǿ
Absolutely love this place! It's small and cozy, the way I like it! Everything is clean, so that's extra! The tables are arranged in such a way that there is a lot of open space. I personally like it the way it is, so it avoids over crowding. I'm here at least once a week and every visit has been the same - awesome. The owner is super and deserves a medal! He is super polite and attentive, something a lot of restaurant owners need to learn. It's a family operated place, so you'll see grandma and grandpa helping out. I like that touch.. 

The food has been consistent with every visit. I try to order something different every time I go, but I find myself always getting the fish and tofu hot pot.. It's just awesome! They also have a chicken steak that's really delicious. It comes with black pepper sauce or curry. So many things to try still.. Right now I'll give them 5 stars. Pricing is reasonable and portion is good. Also, it's CLEAN! :)Ǿ
Finally an authentic Chinese restaurant in Aurora. Small, family run business. Menu is limited but they plan to expand. Surprisely quite busy seeing that they just opened. We ordered 3 noodle dishes for takeout: Cantonese chow mein was crispy, satay beef noodle was tasty, and the dry beef noodle still had a nice chew. All well done and not oily. The only downside is they don't give a lot of stuff (meat and vegetable) to go on the noodles.Ǿ
Must try new Chinese restaurant in Aurora!!!

We ordered the Oyster & Minced Pork with Rice in Soup and the Stir Fry Beef Flat Rice Noodle (Dry). 
Both dishes were on par with what you can get in Richmond Hill and Markham!
Excellent service!Ǿ
My wife and I have come here in the last month since it's the only real Chinese cha Chang tang (HK style cafe)... and to be honest, they are a work in progress. The first visit was simply horrendous. The food was mediocre, the drinks were tasteless and service was slow, however, it was understandable as the owner was the only front line worker and he made the effort to come talk to us and ask for feedback. Each other time we came back, the owner would continue to ask for feedback and we discovered a few good dishes. The fried noodles with bean sprouts and chicken steak with pepper sauce are exceptionally good. On this visit, we tried the vermicelli in pepper and pork belly soup with a side of grilled chicken. The vermicelli is a bit hard but the soup was very peppery and tasty. Again still a work in progress but the waiting staff is nice and accommodating.  We will continue to return because of a mix of convenience and feeling valued as a customerǾ
I found this place last week and now my go to place for lunch. I believe this place just opened recently but already has a lot of customers. 

The noodle soup was fantastic and I will definitely go here again. 

I will highly recommend everyone to try this place if you are close by. Thank you to owner and the chefs! Great job..Ǿ
I'm new to the Aurora/Newmarket area and I think I just found a go-to place for Chinese food takeout.  Although I haven't tried any other dishes other than a few items takeout, I can certainly tell that the taste is great and I can assume that other dishes won't be too bad either.  The lunch takeout I got even has free drinks included.

It's a newly opened restaurant, not too big but not too small and it's located inside a brand new plaza.  The service is great, the boss was nice, he seemed to appreciate your business.  While waiting for the take out, I was offered tea.  I didn't call ahead to order but the food came out pretty fast.  This is not a place where you would go for formal dinner, it's more like a Hong Kong tea house style restaurant.Ǿ
Nice decor. Reasonable price. Decent food considering in Aurora.  Authentic Cantonese food.  You can tell family run...Grand parents are helping out.Ǿ
My first time here food was great!! Service just as good.price was $40 dollars for a two person combo we left full and took plenty home enough to feed two again!!!!Ǿ
Newest edition to our ever-limited Chinese food in Aurora lol. I'm just super excited that New Fusion has finally opened! It is a small restaurant tucked away in the SE corner plaza of St. John Sideroad and William Graham Drive.

They are still very new, so please be patient with them :) The food came out nice and hot, and were not oily at all.  My friends and I ordered a few staple items to share - Salted fish & chicken fried rice, Sweet and sour pork with rice and Stir fry satay beef with flat rice noodles.

It was a very satisfying meal :) I espeically enjoyed the complimentary soup with black pepper and pig tripe. It was very spicy but definitely warmed us up from the cold weathers. This spicy soup is definitely a Chiu Chow cuisine signature... and we found out that the chef used to work at a Chiu Chow restaurant! Hence, this is where some items on the menu are originated from - Rice in soup is also another great signature!

They don't plan to do any advertising. I hope to reach more customers through this Yelp review ;) Take outs are also available! Come #supportlocalbusiness

------------
Update April 2017

New Fusion finally had their grand opening last week :) The menu expanded with a lot more homey choices! Service is always attentive and kitchen service is much faster than before!

Since my friends and I been here so many times, here are some of our favourites:

- Chicken Steak with curry or black pepper sauce (both fantastic) and comes with rice
- Cantonese styled fried noodles
- Beef brisket with flat rice noodles in soup
- Fish with egg tofu hot pot
- Garlic fried korean style cabbage (mild spicy)
- Sweet and sour fish - must order!
- Sweet and sour pork with rice
- Stir fry satay beef with flat rice noodles
- Black pepper pig tripe soup (spicy good!)Ǿ
So glad to see a new Chinese restaurant in Aurora! It's a small family run restaurant in the plaza at william graham and st.john's sideroad.

I have visited multiple times since it opened. I have tried their seafood fried rice, fried noodles, sweet and sour pork with rice, their soups, and more. All of them tasted great! Not too salty..not too oily! 

The service is wonderful. They are attentive and friendly! 

The restaurant is clean and family-friendly. It's very spacious!

I'm hoping they will soon add some "Chinese afternoon tea" items to their menu! This is definitely my new go-to restaurant whenever I'm feeling too lazy to cook!Ǿ
This new place is not bad, but I have trouble to understanding how they set their price on small item.  I cannot believed that they charged me $9.95 plus tax for an afternoon tea of instant noodle with luncheon meat and egg, plus milk tea. The combination in Richmond Hill is normally $6 or so.  
Nevertheless, the owner is a serious man try to run this business with good food and reasonable price for most of the menu. I try a several time there, and I found their food are good standing in general.  BTW, the waitress definitely has room to improve.
I wish their business running well and continue to improve.Ǿ
I think because there's no decent chinese restaurant Aurora, this place has quickly become popular.  I went there with my mom during the soft opening, the owner was really nice and asked me for tips and comments. I even told him where to find some food supplier but in short, I tried their stir-fry dish i.e. Fried rice dish-they are good. More on the oily side but yummy in taste.  Food selection was limited but I think they were in the process of developing more items on the menu.  The restaurant is not HK cafe style but kind of in between casual and a proper sit down restaurant so it confused me a little.  The interior decor is actually quite nice and unique-which surprised me.  But if u r looking for certain dishes or certain type of HK style cuisine or Chinese food then maybe u should head down to Markham or Richmond Hill for authentic dishes.