I been to 2 other kim po, the one at time square and on steeles across from Pacific Mall. They are both very good and I go there to satisfy myself when I am craving for Pho. However, this Kim po that recently opened severed the worse pho I have eaten. The soup base was not hot. The noodle were soft and breaks apart. The rare beef was nasty because of the cold soup base. The spring roll was greasy and nasty. I will never go back to this location again.Ǿ
Came here for some Vietnamese pho the other day.  Saw the open till 4am sign outside and thought it would be worth checking out.  I heard it's owned by the same owner as the bar next door, which is why it's open till 4am to accommodate the late night customers.

Ordered the house special beef noodle soup  (S $6.75, L $7.95).  Soup stock and beef was fairly good ... noodles were the thick noodle kind.  Service was good, restaurant was pretty clean and spacious.

Would recommend to anyone looking for late night pho in the area.Ǿ
Talking about going downhill... Kim Po Vietnamese Restaurant is doing a free fall...

I think I need to have a drink or 2 or 3 at the pub next door.. before I ever come in here to eat again... or maybe I should just starve??!!

All Day Specials seems to be great value with a free drink coffee/tea..

Curry Beef Brisket with Rice ($7.50) /milk tea
- Rice still hard and cold... 
- Curry lurk warm
- Milk Tea is day old just add water and microwave..with no taste at all!
- Maybe they just microwave everything a couple of minute more

Special Pho Large ($7.95)
- Sizable.. too sizable especially when the broth is bland...

With just 2 tables to serve, our waitress was loud and gossipy... I don't want to listen to your life story..... I just want some peace and quiet while I eat my food!

Maybe I should just spend my money on drinks.......Ǿ
Its located in the quiet plaza on Woodbine. 
The food here is not bad, but not super authentic authentic Vietnamese either.
Lunch specials are good deals $9 for your choice of entrees and HK tea. We had pork chop on rice and vermicelli with grilled chicken and spring rolls. Portions were large; my vermicelli came with two large chicken skewers and one spring roll. 
This is not a bad option if you're in the area but nothing to rave aboutǾ
Great late night pho! Open til 4 am.
The server is friendly too.
Fair pricing, very good overall experience.Ǿ
Located in a dying plaza (imo); packed when the bar next door was still called Platform2.

Few tables filled on a weekday at 7pm. Ordered a Brisket Tendon Pho noodle in a size "small", but it's larger in portion than its rival, and they didn't cheap out on the tendon/meat either.

Also tried their Lemon Grass Chicken on rice, which was decently sized, juicy on the inside and crispy on the outside. Egg on the side was a nice bonus.

Wanted a 3-colour-ice drink, however they ran out of red been to make it, which I thought was odd. This drink is a Vietnamese restaurant classic. So instead I opted for an avocado shake (favourite of mine at Pho88), that was filled into a beer cup! Beer cup = big portion! It was nice and creamy.

Would defiantly repeat. But given the slow business in the plaza, hopefully they'll be around still.Ǿ
Open till 4. Went at 12:40am and it was actually empty. Thought it would be filled with drunk people or soon to be drunk people. 

The pho was actually decent. I am not sure about the other reviews but it seemed pretty good to me. The beef was served on the side as requested and decent quality too. The large was super big as well. I would probably give it a 4-4.5 but for all the negative reviews I'll give it a 5 since I think its worth a try.

It certainly surprised me. Apparently you can also order this at hangover as the places are linked.Ǿ
I got the Chicken and Spring Roll Vermicelli.  Prices are affordable but the cost of this was slightly more than the other two Kim Po locations that I've been to.  Food was delicious.  Better than the Kim Po on Steeles and Middlefield.

Although the seating environment is spacious, I don't really like the dark lighting.  Just wish the lighting was brighter.  Cleaner environment than the Kim Po on Redlea.  

Overall, I would recommend this location.Ǿ
Beware! Not really viet food and everything is super salty. :(

Ordered bun bo hue, it tasted like curry??Ǿ
So I decided I would give this restaurant one last try for lunch today and I am so sorry I did.  About half way through my vermicelli and chicken a big brown cockroach crawled across the table and up the wall beside me. I tried to kill it unsuccessfully and then showed the waitress all she said as she smashed it on the wall was "oh sorry". I promptly asked for the bill as I wasn't sitting around in a roach infestation.  The waitress asked me if I wanted my food to go and was really surprised when I said no.  Even now just thinking about the fact I ate half my food is making me feel like vomiting.  For heavens sake, call the Orkin man or something....just disgusting.  NEVER GO HERE!!!!!Ǿ
The pho here is mediocre.  The broth is lukewarm and will only a few slices of beef.  I really do remember it being a lot better.  I really think it's going down hill.  However I had the Vietnamese coffee here and it was pretty good.  Overall I would only come here out of convenience for others.  There are definitely better pho restaurants that you can find around town.Ǿ
Ordered my staple dish BBQ chicken , spring roll with vermicelli.  

Verdict, the food was mediocre.

BBQ chicken was obviously reheated, the chopped peanut as garnishes were huge pieces, and the spring roll was tasteless. The vermicelli noodles were fine,  though, I hadn't run into a place that messes the noodles up. 

My eyes hurt with all the cheap florescent lighting in here.  They share the washrooms with the club next door. Weird. 

I've had better, but if you're craving Viet food late (place is open until 4am) well here's a spot.Ǿ
This location is a lot better than the Richmond location. The food comes out piping hot and fresh and delicious. It's always busy and the workers here speak both Vietnamese and Chinese, and you can tell they are more authentic than the highway 7'location.Ǿ
Ordered a Tom Yum noodle soup, ummm... saltiest thing I've ever eatten in a long time.  It was spicy, and SALTY.  It was like a entire box of salt was thrown in the soup pot.   Once is enough.Ǿ
Out of the few PHO places that closes 4 am Monday to Sunday! 
The place is clean, and the ambiance and decor matches the restaurant's theme.  As a surprise the owner of the pub next door also owns this PHO restaurant I was told.  
I decided to order the chicken pad thai noodles, and out of 5, it was more like 3/5.  The texture, and flavor was satisfying, but I found it not as zesty, nor sweet as I was expecting.  The chicken however was very flavorful with the lemon grass outer layer.  
My brother's PHO noodles were quite salted, and he's not the one to complain.  He had been there the past couple of times, however the chef may have put too much salt in it.  Overall experience was nothing special, would I come here, probably not.Ǿ
The sate beef noodle soup with peanut in this location is the absolute best. Better than the other location and definitely better than any other pho place that makes this bowl. Ive had it so many times to the point where i dont need to say anything when i walk in the door because they already know what to make when they see me. The Staff are very nice people. The only thing that prevents me from rating it a full 5 stars...is that they close way too early every day at 5pm. So if u arrive any time after 420pm or 430pm, you may not be able to get service. Come early for this delicious food.