The pizza here is really good. It's not stone or wood oven quality in terms of cooking flavor. The ingredient they use are higher quality. Overall it was up to my expectations. I also order their fries, which are actually fantastic.

I recommend this place to anyone who likes good pizza. I just wished they server lasagna.Ǿ
Cozy little restaurant that serves organic food. I was pretty full so I just got a sweet summer salad which had spring mix, baby spinach, mangoes, avocado with grapefruit vinaigrette. Salad is pretty typical but I guess the vinaigrette was kinda special. Not worth $11 (including tax & tips) if you ask me (I'm cheap tho since salads you can kinda buy at sobeys for $5 that I can eat for at least 2 meals) 

My friends ordered pasta. Spaghetti with meat sauce and balanced pasta. They said it tasted pretty good. The pasta came with bread (my friends were dudes so I couldn't take a pic for you guys and they had no idea if the bread was garlic bread or just buttered). Pasta orders are around $15-$20 (tax and tips included) 

Service was decent. I think would come back to try their pizza!Ǿ
I ordered 4 family size pizzas - Charcuterie Magic, Pesto Magic, Easy As Pie, and Fresh Market Magic, and an order of chicken wings as well. The honey garlic chicken wings were really good but I didn't think the pizza was anything special. I prefer Pizzaiolo, which is also cheaper. Our order came to over $160.

The service is terrible. I ordered 5 creamy garlic dips (which sounds reasonable since we ordered 4 family sizes) and upon delivery, there was only 1 dipping sauce. I called the store to tell told them there was only 1 dipping sauce. They told me to check the bags again and I told them there was only 1. They seemed like they were certain that the rest of the dipping sauces were in the bag and when I had told them it wasnt in the bag AGAIN, that's when they went to check the order. They advised that I had only ordered 1 dipping sauce. I told them they had made a mistake because I, for sure, ordered 5. They offered to come back to drop it off for us and I asked if we would be charged for it. They said that they won't charge us delivery for it since they screwed up but they will need to charge for the dipping sauces. I'm not sure how that is good customer service? they shouldn't even mention delivery charge for a trip they need to make from their own screw up. I told them not to worry about the dipping sauces and that our office will never order from them again.Ǿ
3.5 stars - better than A-OK but I'm not exactly a hardcore fan (the price *broken heart*), ^^; Rounded up because y'all should give it a try if you're good with splurging on good pizza. (Or split with a close friend :) 

Bunch o' friends and I were walking down the Yonge street lookin' for some place to eat because... Guu was not going to be available any time soon (Wait time: 1.5-2hours, MEGASADFAISE) I remember reading good things about Magic Oven so... in we went!

Nice decor. Pretty good service (cutting some slack because it was our server's 2nd day on the job). But slow, slow preparation of food (despite our table being the only one there?!)

Anyway, food-wise: Tandoori Potato Magic, which, according to the menu, iiiis ginger-tomato sauce, green chillies, tandoori sweet potatoes, red onions, light organic mozzerlla and cilantro. SAOO GOOD, savoury, mouthwatering, and jam-packed with flavaaa. Four slices had me just under bloated. 

They gave us candy with our bills. So... yay!Ǿ
The worse experience! While visiting Toronto we stop at this place to have dinner. They have a natural/organic vibe. We order the Tandoori Chicken Magic Pizza. It was horrible, I like spicy food and it was so spicy and horrible that we could not eat it. I told the waiter that I didn't like it and she asked the manager. The solution they offered was to dip the pizza in BBQ sauce so we could eat it!!!! It was the worse service I have ever received in my life. We didn't eat it they never offered a different dish. It was like "you can eat it or leave it there, we don't care if you like it or not." They brought me a check for $35 for a horrible pizza that I didn't eat and never tried to make amendments.   Avoid this place. Horrible.Ǿ
The food is good, but $20 for a small 4 slice pizza is a bit over
the top. The pasta is also good but again pricey. There are many
places that offer similar food that is just as good for a better price. 

Good but WAY Over-priced for what you get.Ǿ
Well to be honest I ordered my Pizza with figs and spinach and the Hearty spaghetti  to be delivered.  Don't know if this was part of the reason the food was so crappy.

First the pizza.  Where was the cheese.  I had a dolop on top of the ingredients but all I could taste was the very acidy tomato sauce that tasted as if it was spooned right out of a tomato paste can.  The crust was not crispy and crunchy but more soggy and smelled from the cardboard box.  Frankly one of the crappiest pizzas I've ever tasted.

And cost, holy it's twice as expensive as the average pizza (got 30% off at Tasteaway)

On to the Hearty spaghetti, which is supposed to be spaghetti with rich meat sauce. Well the restaurant doesn't even know what meat sauce is.

The 'meat sauce' was the same crappy tomato paste that was on the pizza with some pan fried chopped meat crumbled in.  Not sauce at all.

Needless to say I would not recommend the food from this place it was god awful.Ǿ
Great pizza. I'm gluten free and I'm always welcome here. The food is always fresh. I love how they try to be socially responsible with their ingredients. And who doesn't love an apple for the road after your amazing meal. It's a tad on the expensive side. So it's a special occasion place as opposed to a go to spot for a good pizza. But if you haven't tried this place than give it a try.Ǿ
I think this place appeals mostly to those looking for organic, spelt, gluten free, and lactose free. If you aren't looking for that, you are giving up a lot of flavor. 

I ordered a personal pizza. It was very reminiscent of a homemade pizza made on a flat pita bread. It was surprising that it lacked so much flavor for a premium price.

Otherwise, service was good and drink prices were good. 

I'm told the salads and pastas are good - maybe next time? I'd accompany a friend if they had a craving, but otherwise, there's tonnes of other choices in the area!Ǿ
If your looking for a great thin crust pizza this is the place to visit.A very impressive choice of thin crust pizzas,organic gluten free crusts and again with many options.The Magic Oven caters to are more healthy approach to eating, which is nice to see.The only complaint I have was a Caesar I ordered it's was billed as hot and sour with a touch of cumin, it was bland and tasteless and over priced at $9. All in all a good experience.Ǿ
I've had bad experiences with other Magic Oven's in Toronto, but this one is really nice. The food is good, it's cozy and nice looking inside, and they have TONS of gluten-free options (including pasta, bread for sandwiches, and desserts). It's my go-to lunch place when I'm meeting a friend near my work - the only downside is service tends to be a little slow at lunch (you'll sit forever waiting for the bill if you don't flag your waitress and ask!)Ǿ
The pizza was pretty good, especially for being organic. I was disappointed they had no sweet potatoes when I went, so I couldn't get my top choice. Instead I got the Double Hawaiian, which was good but nothing special. 

The hibiscus iced tea was nice, if a bit strange. 

I had excellent service the whole time, since it was very quiet.Ǿ
Got a vegan pizza (without daiya), it was great! So fresh, although mine was slightly undercooked with a doughy middle. I'm sure that was a fluke. I'll be back eventually!Ǿ
Food pretty darn good. Staff is friendly, prices are good. The Danforth location is my favourite but when I'm downtown I like to stop in here & get my Magic Oven fix. The menu is great, they have EVERYTHING. Check it out!Ǿ
Found Magic Oven "by accident" one night while vacationing nearby. This was the only place we went back to in our week long stay. Fresh great flavors and cozy atmosphere. (Awkward first date inches away from us one night but it was fine). Loved both our meals. We split the Good 'n' Green one night and then the Tandoori Chicken Magic the second. Both were unlike anything we ever tasted! Wish there was one near us at home.Ǿ
Out on a walk on a cold day we spotted the Magic Oven located just west of Yonge Street. The place is located in an restaurant that used to be an Italian restaurant that went out of business a few years ago. The menu was intriguing with lots of vegan options. Everything sounded really good with unique pairings. 

The place is long and narrow with a window looking south onto Wellesley Street. Entering the place was empty and really quiet, no background music. The atmosphere was sterile and less than welcoming but we sat down anyways, curious about the menu options. While everything was pricey we assumed this was because of the diverse options. 

The food arrived quickly, too quickly to have been prepared properly and was immediately disappointing. I ordered the BBQ tofu sandwich and my friend the lamb penne. While the menu reads like a specialized restaurant the servings and quality of the food was more like one would expect from a kiosk in a food court. The BBQ tofu sandwich was simply thinly sliced tofu slathered in a store bought BBQ sauce dressed with spinach and gooey onions under a pita. I was hoping for some cubed tofu and a dry BBQ rub that was then grilled for texture and taste. My friend's pasta was just as disappointing. I guess we expected too much, but will not be returning to try the overpriced options. It really is just a fast food place pretending to be something more than it is.Ǿ
Often order Magic Oven take-out when I need to work late.  It's a great place to get some gluten free and healthier pizza options.  I often order the Phytonutrient pizza on a gluten free crust.  It's a solid healthy pizza.  The toppings are fresh and generously applied and crust is crispy, but still tastes healthy...I dunno if it's possible, but would love to have a bit more chewiness in the crust (that might require gluten).  I usually pair it with a green salad and it makes for a pretty health take-out meal.  Ironically, they've thrown in free cake once in awhile, which really ruins the health quotient of my meal!  

Delivery generally takes about 30 minutes, so I file it under the reasonably fast, very easy, pretty tasty and mostly healthy category!Ǿ
I miss this place. I used to go here once a week while in school in Toronto and it is amazing!!!!!!Ǿ
If you're gluten intolerant, then this place is heaven for you. Usually enjoy their pizza a lot but also tried their gluten-free cake today, it's all good. The place is packed at lunch time. Service was not bad either.Ǿ
This is my very picky mother's favourite (read: only) dinner spot in the downtown area. She is allergic to gluten and dairy, and they have a lot of gluten and dairy free options, as well as using a separate fryer for gluten and non-gluten, which she appreciates because it means she can have French fries without getting sick after. As for the food...in my mind, it's pretty meh. Their ketchup has an odd aftertaste, although their French fries are cooked well. Their wings are good, their pizza is decent, and their pasta is edible, although their pasta sauces are a bit too watery for my taste - watery sauces are a pet peeve of mine. The restaurant is also pretty small, but there are rarely more than a few tables filled, no matter what time we come. I don't mind getting dinner here when my mom comes down for a visit, but I don't get very excited about it, and I wouldn't make a trip on my own.Ǿ
I had high hopes for this place after looking at their menu online. Maybe I should've paid more attention to all the reviews about how good the pizza is there because maybe I would've ordered pizza. But I ordered pasta instead because they had gorgonzola pasta and that sounded delicious. Until I got my food.

The "creamy" sauce was so liquid, it made the dish look like soup with pasta in it. There definitely wasn't enough gorgonzola in the sauce. Based on how they were cut, the chicken and veggies looked like they were the same ones used for the pizza. Overall, overpriced mediocre pasta.

We also had the garlic bread (not worth it) and the soup of the day (the only legitimately good item in our meal). I really wish I had better things to say about the food, but unfortunately, I don't. The service, however, is top notch; very attentive and courteous. I wish I could've given them 2.5 stars just for that.

I may go back for pizza, it seemed like that's what most people came in for (dine in and take out).Ǿ
This place has lots of great food, including lots of vegan options for pizza, pastas, appetizers, and at least one vegan dessert.  It's also organic (I think completely organic, but at least mostly) which is a plus.

I've tried the vegan magic and black magic pizzas and they were both delicious! The black magic pizza included a vegan cheese that melted just like dairy cheese. 

The mix of vegan and non-vegan food (as well as gluten-free options) makes it a good place to go with a group that has varying dietary restrictions or a group where some people have dietary restrictions and others are picky!Ǿ
Yes, the pizza tastes incredible.

But the price-per-slice is so absurd you'd be better off making your own pizza at home or slumming it at a cheaper pizza place. There's no reason to pick Magic Oven over another pizza place unless you have gluten/wheat intolerance or extreme dietary requirements (which is what they specialize in).

I'm not exaggerating when I say a standard goat cheese, mushroom and tomato pizza big enough for three people was $45 (oh, we got delivery, which I believe we were charged $10 for). There were six slices in the pizza, making the per slice cost almost $8. Obscene!Ǿ
This place is kind of cozy and if you're vegan, its probably a decent choice but if you're suffering from a major pizza craving and you have no dietary restrictions then stay away. 
They have plenty of options for toppings here but I found it wasn't worth it at all. They're going for the organic/gourmet angle here but I don't care if the tomato sauce is lovingly made with organic vegetables plucked with the utmost care of a thousand vegan fairies, if you're charging $20 for an individual pizza, it better taste good. 
The crust was overcooked and it hurt my mouth to chew it. The sauce was pretty bad and overly sour like they just threw tomato sauce on the dough. I asked for additional chicken and there was barely any so that was a disappointment. 
The restaurant was at 10% capacity the last time I was here and every time I walk past it, there never seems to be a lot of diners. Service was good but that's expected given it was practically empty. 
They have a good concept but now they just need a better recipe.Ǿ
The pizza here is disappointing and over-priced. I really wanted to like Magic Oven due to the availability of spelt crust and the interesting vegetarian selections. 

The crust (spelt, whole wheat, and regular) all seem to have the same consistency, that of cardboard. The pizza sauce is either too sour or tasteless depending on the pizza I've chosen. Once or twice the veggies on the pizza have had a rubbery feel to them - definitely didn't taste fresh.

All of that PLUS their incredibly high prices means there is absolutely no reason to visit Magic Oven unless you require their gluten-free alternative and are too busy to make it yourself or pick one up from Whole Foods.Ǿ
Food was okay, server was nice. But our bottle of wine was watery and tasted completely off. They would not do anything about it. What a waste, it was atrocious!Ǿ
The prices are pretty high, and the decor at Yonge & Wellesley is definitively tacky. However, they make a mean gluten-free pizza. As for the traditional crust, don't come here if you want a doughy American crust, it's a nice crispy this crust and quite lovely.

The g-free pasta, on the other hand... I've only had it once and it was a soupy, sloppy, mushy mess. A friend of mine had it at another location and said it was really good, so for now I'll give them the benefit of the doubt. 

Without the pasta it would have been 4 stars, now it's 3.Ǿ
Magic Oven is one of the few health conscious places I can depend on for decent delivered food.

 I usually order two salads the Mediterranean Arugula Chicken and I especially like the Summer Sweet salad for it's tangy grapefruit viniagrette dressing.  Don't be fooled by the size of the small salads, that sucker, especially the Summer Sweet salad with its generous helping of walnuts keeps me full for a whole afternoon!

Ordering delivery online is a snap and because I ordered after the lunch rush, about 1:30pm, my order came within MINUTES!  Very impressive indeed Magic Oven :)Ǿ
I didn't pay, or even look at the bill so I can't comment there.

I'm not really into the whole organic thing. We've been altering our food as long as we've had it, genetic modification of food has existed for thousands of years.

my party got the Greek fries (with some funny sauce... tasted good enough), BBQ wings and the uber pepperoni pizza. We also got this funny root beer that was clear.

I was a little underwhelmed by the pizza, it was good but tasted a little bit too homemade (In that I could do it myself with relatively little effort for much cheaper) but it was certainly tasty and not greasy or junky at all.

The Greek fries were nice, but you may as well get them in greektown for half the price and higher quality.

The wings would have to be the highlight of  my dinner, they tasted the most like my moms wings than any I have had in toronto. My mom makes legendary buffalo wings in teh true buffalo style, but the magic oven did make them extremely tasty and with a near perfect texture that combines crispiness as well as juicyness. Unfortunately I like my wings in a more casual bar sort of setting with lots of beer, not a hippie organic restaurant i'm thinking most people agree with me on this point.

I would eat here again, it seemed to have lots of options for good pizza but I'm betting the prices are a little on the unfavorable side.

Did you know you could put lime in root beer? Thats something amazing this place has taught me.Ǿ
Egads, this is considered good pizza?  The crust was the quality of frozen pizza crust (hard/boring), and the cheese was tasteless and the texture of rubber.  It had plenty of sauce which had some taste, but when you have to drown a pizza in sauce to give it taste, it's just sad.  The toppings (tomato/onion/mushroom) were pretty much irrelevant with all the bad stuff going on, but they were technically ok.  Save yourself some money and grab a frozen pizza if you are ever tempted to try this pizza.  My Magic Oven pizza experience was with the Broadview location for reference.

I'm not a fancy pizza girl looking for unique pizza toppings, just want to be able to enjoy the simple elements of a pizza and be able to taste all of them; thin crispy pizza crust that is tasty all on its own for dipping, flavorful sauce and quality toppings and cheese.

My quest to find a pizza offering with fresh crust, flavor from spices and quality toppings continues, and I welcome suggestions from fellow yelpers on my journey.

xoǾ
I placed an order online. Great set up for ordering. The pizza was good. The gluten free crust was dry, but a welcome delivery system for all the yummy things on top. I also ordered a gluten free carrot cake. It was disappointing from the cake to the icing (icing sugar i think, not cream cheese). I've tasted much better gluten free baked goods. 

I would order the pizza again. Overpriced, but the toppings were generous and super yummy, so worth the price for the occasional treat. The delivery guy was really nice too.Ǿ
I found the food here a bit disappointing. The vegan power soup is oddly sweet and not very appealing. The pizzas was okay, i ordered the garlic lovers, which was very dry.  Also tried the greek salad, which wasnt bad, but for 7 dollars, a very small portion. Also the dressing was strangely creamy which is a bit weird for greek salad.

I want to like it here because of all of the vegetarian/vegan options, and the idea of it sounds good but it was a bit of a let down. also pretty over priced over all.Ǿ
This place is consistently good. My work orders in from them on a regular basis for the ease of a very broad range of menu items when trying to appease lots of people. Their pizzas are unique and delicious, and you can't beat a place that does nothin but organic! Their edamame is a good snack too.Ǿ
Deffinetly try the spelt flower crust it is amazing and extremely healthy, digests better than any flower and tastes delicious i loved this place its amazing i will deffinetly be going their againǾ
Like the alternative choices this restaurant offers for pizza.  Few pizza places offer spelt crust and even fewer offer seared salmon (most have smoked). And if you want something vegan?  Not only do you have vegan "cheese," but there's also tofu. I'd like to see build-your-own pastas and tempeh, though.Ǿ
This is my second visit. If you looking for organic and healthy food this is the place. Service is a little slow during lunch time. But food is good. Their Pizza and sandwiches are good. Nice ambience. Pricey but then that's the price you pay for organic food.Ǿ
Had the Greek salad and pasta with spinach, chicken, sun dried tomatoes, and some other stuff forget what its called now but it was great. Food came pretty fast, only complaint was it's a little pricey for pasta and a salad came up to 50 for the two of us. Which is all right, but I'm used to getting a lot more food for that price. All around a good place, definitely consider coming back after my hair cuts at Hair District two doors down.Ǿ
They offer great vegan pizza options! With wholegrain extra, its $20 for a medium pizza. Yes pricey,  but delicious.Ǿ
Though Magic Oven is pricey, the quality and freshness is well worth it. And, it's so healthy (it feels like you're doing your body a favour). With so many exotic toppings to choose from I try something new every time I visit. But one menu item that keeps calling me back is the California Gourmet Salad with baby greens, grilled vegetables & soft goat cheese!Ǿ
Lovely italian restaurant. We ordered pizza with dried tomato and the crust was gorgeous.Ǿ
Went in to pick up pizza, it wasn't quite ready, and they had me take a seat, they brought me a glass of water, and even offered to refill it.

The pizza was very big for a large, very tasty and the organic crust and fresh toppings were great.

Will be back again.

Prices are a bit high compared to mainstream, but organic and high quality toppings like fresh pineapple are worth the extra cost.Ǿ
Good quality food, large portions and friendly service. That sums up my experience of three recent visits to this restaurant. I usually order a lunch special pasta dish and it comes with a huge soup and salad, probably more food than I should eat at one go but then I only go here on days when I don't eat breakfast.

While the food here is certainly pricey in a neighbourhood that serves lunch specials for under ten dollars, this restaurant also makes specialty food that will make people on vegan or gluten-free diet as well as vegetarians happy.Ǿ
While it is pricey, this place is great for taking non-gluten free people for a meal if you feel like splurging. Though I haven't had the regular pizza crust, whenever a companion of mine orders it, it smells divine and gets nothing but rave reviews. The gluten free pizza crust is just okay, but it's about as good as gluten free crust can be; if I'm craving pizza I usually just get the Pizza Pizza gluten free crust as I find it's about on par in terms of taste. Sadly, not even the most delicious of toppings can disguise gluten free pizza crust. I mainly go for the pasta (my fave is the thai chicken penne, so good!). 

Overall, it's good for its gluten free options, but the food is overpriced for what it is.Ǿ
I ordered a 10-inch gluten free vegan pizza. It had kale, daiya (dairy free cheese) and sun dried tomatoes. In my opinion, it was a bit dry but still delicious. 
The only downside about this place is the price. Its a bit expensive. 
Overall, it was still a good experience. But I'll only come back once in a while due to the price.Ǿ
....maybe 3.5

So I am traveling in Toronto for a conference and OF COURSE yelped for some good gluten free eats. Found Magic Oven, and yeah their prices are a bit high....

So the up side - the pizza really tastes great! The dough is nice and crispy and has a great flavor, and they offer soy cheese. 

The down side - the price, and I got a medium pizza...and it's small. I don't think that for the size, $20 was really appropriate...gluten free or not. 

The situation - I used Grub Hub up here to order and get delivery, and they messed up my order. They were awesom and had a new (correct) pizza to me in about 30 minutes. I was really impressed by that.

The summary - if you are gluten free and don't mind paying for a tasty pizza, DO IT!Ǿ
Love magic oven and LOVE this location. Only reason they didn't get 5 stars is that their prices are a bit high - you're going to pay about $20 for a small (4 slice) gluten-free pizza. But, it's delicious. And there are about a gazillion and one toppings to choose from (oddly they seem to lack olives...but maybe that's just a menu oversight). The pizza is delicious, I personally love the gluten free crust - yes, it's a bit crispier than the regular but it's just like having this crust and the taste is great.  I've tried gluten-free crust from pizza pizza, pizza nova's, pizzaiollo and mama's pizza and all of those taste like burnt CARDBOARD. NOT magic oven's crust - it's amazing! NOTE: they have recently changed their gluten-free crust. I have only tried it once and it was a lot fluffier and was nicely chewy but incredibly salty and had a weird taste...I will need to try it again before I comment more fully on it.

There are TONS of options for the vegan, the non-vegan, the gluten-free and the non-gluten-free. I often pick this place when I'm eating with non-vegans because there are so many choices.

LOVED the vegan chickpea soup, love the tropical pizza and the black magic pizza. They also have great gluten-free vegan desserts - including a VERY rich and delicious chocolate fudge cake. And there are tons of salads and pasta, but I always prioritize pizza so can't really comment on them.

Love the service. We often get one girl with kickass tattoos who is super friendly.

The decor is nice and you get free green apples on your way out. AND there's a fireplace you can sit by when you're in the mood for an extra cozy dining experience. I've been to other magic ovens and definitely like this one best.Ǿ
Not bad, not bad.

They don't skimp on the pricier toppings, which is really nice. I added avocado to my  pizza and they put a lot on, not just a few pieces. And they have vegan options, a big plus.

This place will make meat eaters and vegans happy!

Awesome toppings that you can add to your pizza: kale, avocado, sweet potato, tofu...the list goes on...endless possibilities!!!Ǿ
The pizza and the pasta are both pretty good, I order them online and walk over there to pick them up during lunch they're always hot and ready. It is a little over priced but the pizza portion is great but the pasta not so much, the atmosphere is awesome and the only downside would have to be the price other then that this place is great for lunch or early diner.