Excellent French bistro. BYOW an added bonus. This place punches far above its weight. Don't let the small number of reviews deter you, it's a hidden gem.笑
Neighbourhood gem! Was really surprised as we pulled up in front of this place as it felt a little bit out of nowhere, but once you step inside the warm ambiance sets the tone to a great evening of wine and dining. 

Excellent service as they make sure to settle you in by serving you a small amuse bouche and opening your bottle as soon as you are seated. Varied menu to please all kinds of pallets; classic restaurant items that never leave the list such as rack of lamb and deer as well as market fresh ingredients for their dishes of the day to mix things up. 
All excellently executed from start to finish. Don't skip out on dessert as they are delicious! 

For those who have a bigger appetite they also offer 5 to 7 course tasting menus that changes with the chefs inspiration! 

Tip: Call in advance as this place gets booked up quite fast and bring a good bottle of wine as the food will not disappoint!笑
Nous avons pris le menu dégustation 5 services avec le supplément foie gras. Un chef sûrement très prometteur, dans les assiettes de très belles trouvailles, des associations de saveurs ingénieuses, déroutantes et délicieuses. Quelque petite déception mais rien de majeur. 

Un cadre sympathique, mais malheureusement un peu bruyant, et la formule apportez votre vin est superbe pour un restaurant de cette qualité !
J'y retournerai, car avec une telle créativité ce chef ne peut que s'améliorer.笑
Tout était délicieux. La cuisine est élevée à un niveau supérieur. Tout a été fait avec soin. J'ai l'impression que les petits restos apportez votre vin sont biens meilleurs.笑
Excellent neighborhood resto that aspires to bigger things. My friend heard about it so we made the trek. Even though mostly french they tried to accommodate me. They have a 5 or 7 chef tasting menu but we opted for a la carte. Started with a jerusalem artichoke soup which was perfectly seasoned. Then the foie gras creme brulee which was a bit more subtle and could have used more foie gras but excellent presentation. I cannot recall when was the last time I enjoyed a venison tenderloin that was perfectly cooked w all accompaniments having their place on the plate. Very inventive menu w top quality ingredients for a reasonable price. Bravo!笑
Un des favoris du quartier. On peut y emporter son vin "BYOW". Cuisine savoureuse et très honnête. Prix abordables.笑
Retour 1 an après et, c'est rare de dire ça, mais cette soirée était un sans faute du début à la fin. 
Cuisine savoureuse, surprenante et rafraîchissante. Des classiques modernisés juste ce qu'il faut sans les dénaturer.
De plus, un apporté votre vin avec une cuisine de cette qualité permet de garder une facture plus que raisonnable.

A recommander sans l'ombre d'une hésitation.笑
I love having this restaurant close by in the neighbourhood. The food is excellent, with many tempting choices as appetizers and main dishes. Plus you get to bring your own wine. I have been to Tandem several times since it opened and I have never been disappointed with my meal. 
Good service too. My only quibble is that the tables are close together and it can be noisy if the place is full. But this is not a major flaw, just something to keep in mind if you are looking for quiet.笑
La nourriture est tout simplement excellente et le service également !