I think I found a great fried chicken meal. The cook-to-order fried chicken was worth the 20 minutes wait. The crust of the chicken is light yet crispy. The meat is so tender and juicy. The seasoning on the fried chicken was a perfection.  Why didn't I know about this place sooner.

They are such nice and friendly people. Feel like home. Don't forget the potato salad.Ǿ
The food at this restaurant is really good! I had no complaints about any of it. I had fried chicken wings, yams, Mac and cheese, cornbread, and the soul rolls. They fried the chicken perfectly and the soul rolls were the highlight of everything. They were so good I wish I had 2 orders. I will definitely return to this restaurant. On top of the good food the couple that owns the place have great customer service. The food takes awhile but it's absolutely worth the wait. If the were in a better, more populated area I'm sure they'd have a line of people there for dinner.Ǿ
I was pleasantly surprised. The food I ordered was excellent. It may not be the best place to eat in but the take out was great.Ǿ
The food is very good.fresh we need to support this brother in his efforts to bring a quality product to the market place.Ǿ
Hubby and I tried this cozy spot for the first time last summer, and now I need to get a job so I can live at their table. The food is fantastic, the friendliness and attention to detail makes you feel like you are close friends.
My favorite are the Fusion Rolls, which chef I informed me are his twist on a soul roll, as he can't use that name. Mac and cheese good enough to please a granny. Collard greens that don't compete with other ingredients so we can taste what the greens  are.
Ribs that are succulent and a little messy, like they should be and the corn bread I have been trying to duplicate in my own skillet sine my first bite.
I have never been able to eat a dessert, as I love the dinner items too much.
Our daughter was visiting from Alaska and we were so thrilled to take them out for food they won't find anywhere else. She was blown away by the gumbo, and insisted I order it at my next visit. She was right, it was fantastic....
I keep bringing my friends a few at a time to hear them confirm MY  opinion that this is the best place to eat.
It's a gentle, quiet, peaceful eatery.
Try it, you won't be sorry

Tami L.Ǿ
I'm so happy that Southern Fusion is in our neighborhood.  Everything here is good, but I particularly love the Fusion Roll, which is like an eggroll with chicken, collard greens, black beans and corn.  It's served with a spicy, smokey chipotle sauce.  The Cajun Turkey Leg, Fried Chicken and Ribs are all excellent.  All the sides we have tried are awesome as well as the cornbread.  

Please try this place as soon as possible!  Eat in or carry out.Ǿ
My husband and I were greeted warmly by two women as we walked in yesterday afternoon. We saw a handwritten sign that that it was cash only (maybe their machine was down?) so we went across the street to the liquor store to withdrawal some cash.

Came back, sat down and we ordered quite a bit of food. Fusion Rolls, cornbread, mac n cheese, polish boy, and a BBQ chicken wrap.

They didn't have soda or any other drink except water. The nice lady offered to go across the street to get me some soda but I declined and drank iced water.

The Fusion Rolls came out first AND LET ME TELL YOU... why am I yelling? Oh yeah, because they were DELICIOUS!!! I mean, out of this world good. Never had anything like it and would recommend them to any and everybody. They look like big fried egg rolls with chicken, collard greens, black beans, corn, bell peppers, and Asiago cheese in them. My husband doesn't even like beans or greens and he LOVED these. And the sauce. THE sauce. THE SAUCE THOUGH!? As Uncle Jessie would say, "Have Mercy!" 

To me, the Fusion Rolls were the highlight. Everything else was pretty good. The polish boy was more of a bit of coleslaw with fries and A LOT of BBQ dumped on top. Wasn't a total fan of the ensemble but it was still good. The mac n cheese... WHY LORD MUST I STILL BE ON MY SEARCH!? I've been searching for the A+ bomb diggity (ew, why did I just write that? the 90's are calling) mac n cheese and I have YET to find it. The mac n cheese, once again, needed some stank on it. Season it up, use more cheese, use different cheeses, something! Come on Cleveland! Someone has to make really good mac n cheese and I WILL find them.

Anyway, the cornbread looked really cool (looked like pancakes) and they had green peppers and corn in it. It was pretty good even though I was expecting it to be a bit sweet, which it wasn't. At all. No biggie but I prefer my cornbread slightly sweet. My husband's wrap was pretty good as well with A LOT of sauce. So much, he had to use his fries to sop up the excess BBQ sauce. He didn't complain though.

I'd give Southern Fusion Restaurant a solid B! Great service, super delicious rolls and pretty good food. I'll be back, if only for those to die for Fusion Rolls!Ǿ
Another hidden gem. I have to say, the owners are nothing short of friendly and personable. The Fusion Rolls are amazing, chicken same, as are the sides. The corn bread....oh the corn bread.

Good food, good people, quiet and relaxed settings. Ample parking in the rear. 

The only things I would put out there as cons are the wait and the lack of a soda fountain (canned soda for those of us that drink quite a bit when we eat). This isn't fast food folks. If you aren't in a hurry and want good Soul Food, this is the place to go and relax.Ǿ
I love this place.  The couple is so sweet, fusion rolls are good.  The mac n cheese is yummy.  All the food I have tried is delicious and it re-heats very well.  I always have more for later or the next day.  I love this place. Food is excellent.  Hot water corn bread is delicious and I would never leave out without some, I love it!!!!Ǿ
This was one of the best meals of my life. The cornbread and greens were amazing, I've never liked either of those things before. The ribs are great. The fusion rolls are out of this world. And the peach cobbler is so delicious it's crazy. The owners are very sweet. I can not recommend this place enough.