This place was a nice find!  Great food... and at such a reasonable price!  The Manchurian beef, butter chicken and sweet and sour fish were amazing... banana fritter things for dessert was delish too.笑
Love this place! The decor is inviting and elegant, and the service is friendly, attentive, and quick. The dishes were flavourful, not at all overwhelming, with just the right amount of spice. The food was fresh and steaming and ready to be devoured! The host made sure my daughter, who has a nut allergy, was well taken care of and accommodated. The fried bananas are absolutely amazing and the lemongrass ice cream is out of this world, a must have! We will definitely become regulars!笑
The atmosphere was nice and the restaurant was clean and the dinning was absolutely set up very nicely. The service was great! The lady there was super sweet and made sure she attended to all the customers in a very timely manner including myself. The food was good and was comparable to the other Hakka restaurants I've visited. However, the chow mein was a little too oily and the biriyani was a little plain. Overall, it was a pretty good restaurant and will definitely be visiting again. I rate this place 4/5 because I have had better but hopefully during my next visit I can rate this 5/5.笑
I've been to quite a few hakka places and this was one of the better ones. The lunch and dinner menus have a wide variety of options and the general decor and presentation of the restaurant and food are pretty good. The only issue that one might notice was the service was a bit slow, but the quality of the food definitely made up for it.笑
tried veggie chowmein .. chicken manchurian & pepper chicken appetizer .
Very good 
New place笑
10000000/10000000 is my review!!!!!
The owner is extremely caring and friendly!
The atmosphere was perfect!
Extremely clean! 

The food was the best Hakka my boyfriend (who is Indian) and I have ever had!!

We ordered:
Vegetable spring rolls - mouth watering!!
Black pepper chicken (kinda looked like pakoras)- BLEW OUR MINS!! We could have had another order!
Tandoori chicken- was so juicy and soft and melted in our mouths omg yes!
Chilli chicken dry - BLOW AWAY FROM THE FLAVOUR!!
Thai fried rice - I could have ate the entire plate to my self - and it was huge !!
For dessert we got the fried banana with icecream AND THE STRAWBERRY SAUCE, chocolate shavings and the little cookie was all home made!

Clearly no words can describe how good it is until you have gone yourself!
It's new to the area so let's show it some love!笑
We happened by this place by chance on Friday evening. It was impeccable service from the beginning to end, with a friendly chat and too it off excellent food! 
We had the corn chowder soup (made vegan on request), Manchurian noodles and the chilli paneer. They are very flexible in substitutions, which is perfect especially for vegetarians or anyone else with any allergies. I will definitely be going back!笑
Great food with friendly and quick service! We ordered the Hub Spicy Wings, Tom Yum Soup, and House Special Hakka Chow Mein to share. Portion sizes were good for two people. The shrimp in the Tom Yum soup were very fresh, the wings were  juicy but were more mild than spicy, and the noodles had a delicious off-the-wok taste. Our waitress (and possibly the owner) was also very nice in giving us a bigger portion of soup to share. Will definitely be coming back again especially on days we don't want to cook!笑
Amazing food and friendly service. Very fresh and tasty authentic hakka food. Clean restaurant with nice ambiance.笑
I usually drive to Scarborough for Hakka, seems like most other places just don't do it right. Found this place while shopping at Wal-Mart, was right around the corner and had good reviews from my fellow Yelpers. 
Walked in, nice décor, place to sit and eat if you dine in; although today I opted to take out. I ordered the Manchurian Chicken lunch special, came with choice of spring roll or soup. Took the Corn Hakka soup, meah, was good but had no chili's in in so was a bit disappointed in the heat level. 
The Manchurian chicken was served on a bed of white rice (no substitutions allowed). Was perfect, heat was well balanced, cooked well (dark meat used) and few pieces of cartilage and tendon (always expected for some reason). I know most gave 5 stars but I'm holding back as I have had better, but, make no mistake...this was certainly a close 2nd. I will go back at some point, dine in and decide from there if another star is warranted.笑
Brand new and very clean.  Excellent food and always friendly.  We live just north and often ate at the previous two restaurants that were at this location, one Indian and another Hakka, and these guys are the best of the three.  Family owned and operated. Menu has lots to offer.  They use high quality meat like you'd cook at home.  And despite having some really tasty sauces and curries, your clothes don't stink when you leave.  They were able to provide lots of options to my brother who can't do gluten, eggs or dairy.  I definitely suggest you give then a try.笑
Was looking for something other than run-down Hakka No. 1 or Bros for a Friday night... SO GLAD we stumbled across Hakka Urban Bistro.  Everything was flavourful, spicy, and reasonably priced ($10-12) per dish. The place is clean, modern, and the hostess is super friendly. 

We had the HUB Special spicy chicken (appetizer) that (I think) are chicken pakora. Approximately $8 if I remember correctly, but was a really good portion. The chicken was sooo soft and juicy and the batter was light and spicy. Amaze-balls.

We also had the Manchurian Beef that was super saucy. My fav to mix with rice.

Next we had the chicken masala... also amazing. Spicy yet light, and loaded with chicken. No veggies in this dish, just straight up chicken and curry. 

Last was the house special fried rice. It was good - nothing out of the ordinary but it was nice to have both chicken and shrimp. Also nice to actually see the eggs. This dish was also a bit more dry than Chinese stores, but that's cool too cause ya'll should lay off the oil.笑
We have been here three times now and tried various dishes. This is 100% authentic Indo Chinese otherwise known as Hakka in the GTA. The family is from Kolkata and makes some great dishes. This place is right up there with some of Hakka places that have been here for the past 30 years, better than any of the new joints that try and pass their food as authentic.笑
Delicious.   Just finished my first meal at Hakka and it won't be my last. Mango chicken and Manchurian beef were great.笑
I loved the friendly service here. The lady was super sweet and she made it feel like such an inviting place. The menu was simple to read with plenty of options. I had the pineapple thai style chicken. It was delicious! And the portion size was good. The lunch special came with a spring roll or soup and steamed rice. I had the spring roll and it was just right and my boyfriend had the hot and sour soup which he said was flavourful. He also had the Manchurian chicken and he gave it 2 thumbs up. I would definitely make this a regular spot to come back to. Great customer service experience. The lady also gave my boyfriend an excellent pointer: "a lady has a big heart". Only the three of us know the story behind this but overall this joint deserves a 5/5 for sure!笑
One of my go to places for lunch. I always grab the food to go. Very friendly ,helpful and altogether pleasant lady at the cash. I got the golden curry lunch special today. Their portions are enough for 2 lunches for me. Also their spicy fries, tho just spiced. Are to die for :)笑
Was hungry on my way to a meeting and pulled into this plaza. Being a fan of Hakka, I chose this restaurant over the others and boy am I glad I did. 

A disclaimer. I'm a big fan of Hakka style food and as a result, I've been to a lot of Hakka restaurants. 

I arrived at 5pm. The place was empty. I figured it must be the timing as everyone was making their way home. 

The place is relatively new and has a very modern clean vibe which is nice. Seating for about 40. 

All of the tables were nicely set and everything was spotless. I've never been to a restaurant that is this clean (including the bathrooms). 

After some deliberation, and trying to eat healthier, I opted for the spicy Thai fish with steamed rice. 

Took about 12 min to arrive which was fair. 

The fish was extremely tender and flavourful. The sauce is spicy but not overbearing (I can handle heat but don't like food too spicy as it kills all the other delicious flavours). 

Generous portion of fish served in a delicious spicy sauce finished with coriander. 

The steamed rice was cooked perfectly. 

My only bone to pick is that there were a lot of lemon grass blades in the fish sauce - so almost every time you bite, you're chewing on the lemongrass. While flavourful, it's not very pleasant to chew on especially when you're tying to enjoy the actual meal. I'd recommend that the cook remove the blades of lemon grass prior to serving. 

The pieces ranges from .30-1cm. Some of them were obvious to the eye, whereas most of them surprises you when it's too late. 

All in all, this is an excellent restaurant with delicious food and great service. I would definitely recommend.笑
Love this place!! I live nearby and have been waiting for a great Hakka restaurant. This place is very clean, friendly staff, and the food quality is top notch. Everything we ordered was clearly made from scratch with no compromise on quality. They're new to the neighborhood and will hopefully also introduce a delivery service soon.