Don't venture past the cheap draft  beer.   Even the  fried food left something to be desired.Ǿ
OVERPRICED!!! Poor quality. It's almost as if the chef/cook doesn't know how to make simple things taste "good" so the throw a bunch of spices and combos together to try to make dishes "good" but they FAIL miserably. I really hope this place closes soon and something else reopens. Staff seems clueless (this statement is based of 4 separate visits, hoping service and quality would improve in the neighborhood joint). I have tried the burger, the chicken, sandwiches.... Nothing impressed me or was even okay'ish for that matter. This place isn't worth ever going to again hope they close down soon.Ǿ
We went there Saturday afternoon.  It was very good.  After reading the previous reviews I had concerns.  They were rough, and I think that people should give this place a try.  The boyfriend had the pulled pork, and inhaled it!  I had the "trailer parK" a beef hot dog with slaw and cheese.  I had them hold the pepper jack and the ghost chili sauce.  We did try all the BBQ sauces and I liked the Cleveland one.  The BF liked the sweet one.  The fries were perfectly seasoned.  Honestly, the server (we sat at the bar) was quite attentive, and speedy with drink refills.  We will most assuredly be back.Ǿ
Worst Mother's Day meal ever. Our party of five ordered standard menu items. The food came out one at a time and by the time our Mom's food came out, two people in our party had finished. Our mom's omelette was also missing ingredients. No apologies, nothing. Two stars are for the Bloody Mary bar, the only redeeming factor for this atrocity.Ǿ
I was really excited about this restaurant as I wasn't a fan of the restaurant that used to be in its place.  I'd been to the other Ironwood before for private parties and it was a good experience.  I wish I could say the same for this location.

First, they seated us right by the bar where it was extremely loud and other people were standing on the ledge above and could overhear everything we were saying.  I asked to be moved and they did promptly move us to a table in the restaurant section which was better.

I ordered the veggie burger and my husband ordered the ribs.  The veggie burger was not great. The bun was like a bun you'd get in your school cafeteria. The burger itself fell apart. I did enjoy the avocado but thought overall, it was very bland. I had ordered tator tots instead of fries. They got the order wrong so I got to try both.  They were too salty in my opinion. My husband agreed. 

I was disappointed at this experience but would be willing to give it another try in a few months. I'll chalk this experience up to its rookie status.Ǿ
Really sad to see this place deteriorate and close. My wife and I had been coming here since it was Tony's, Tuscan Grill, Paninis and then the Underwood. I had high hopes for a place that offers BBQ, but alas, the place died a sad death. The wait staff is great, but without Sue and Colin to steer the ship, it became the Andrea Doria.Ǿ
If I could give negative stars I would. One star is giving this place to much credit. We went here for my friends birthday dinner and a few drinks. It was the most awful experience ever. I would never recommend this place to anyone ever. For starters we were the only people in the place. A table of eight. Our server was the worst. We sat for at least 20 mins before she came over to take our order. When the food finally came out, all but one dinner came out. We asked for a couple refills and a few sides of ranch dressing while we were waiting for her food. She came back 15 mins later with the ranch and drinks. But still no food for our friend. She then blamed the kitchen for making the wrong food. When we were finished and ready to go. We all paid separately and all of us had credit cards. She said sheeorgot to charge my card. Took it back and charged it again. I automatically jumped onto my online banking to see that it was charged twice. When I brought this ti her attention, she told me to call back in the morning and it would get taken care if then. Uhm NO! After waiting to speak with the manager and got the situation fixed, we decided not to leave her a large tip. Working in the service industry myself I have never left a small tip before. But she didn't deserve it at all. As we were walking. Out she muttered under her breath "f***ing B*t*hes" completely uncalled for. Do ur job correctly especially when there is only one table and maybe things would be better for you. We will never be back.Ǿ
This place is terrible. I went there for the first time on Tuesday night. The place was slow and the service was awful. The server took 10plus minutes to come to the table, another 10plus minutes for the drinks to show up. Over 30 minutes for the food. Now the food was even worse. Two members of our party ordered fish and chips. The fish tasted like burnt oil and the fries were soggy. I ordered a gyro which was a 2 on a ten scale and my fries were soggy also. The fish was sent back for the grouper instead and it smelled awful. We could tell it was old fish because of the strong smell. The prices were really high for such terrible food and service. Those three meals and two beers were $55 plus dollars. Outrageous!!!! To top off the experience they had skee  ball tables in the middle of the dining room which were so loud it was hard to talk to the people I was with. 
I am not sure who the owner is but they do not know how to run a business. I will never go back and will never recommend this place to anyone.Ǿ
Hope for West Park that this place improves.  I was so looking forward to something other than crappy Panini's and was sorely disappointed last night (3/3/15).  Except that the bartender was "perky," I would give this place no stars.  It was too loud in the bar (see aforementioned bartender), so we got a table.  She told us to sit anywhere, that they don't have a hostess.  We grabbed a booth by the window, well in view of the 2 servers.  We brought our drinks to the table, so maybe the one thought the other already had taken care of us; one cleared the the booth immediately next to ours, and the other took away the tab.  After about 15 minutes of no service and two other tables being waited on, the female of the two, walked over and while turning her back to us, said "you guys are ok?" I said "no, we're leaving," and she said "oh, so you're good" and walked away.  REALLY????  Won't hurry back.

PS Ended up at Angelo's Pizza and it was fabulous!Ǿ
Horrendous service....I never thought I'd say I miss the old Panini's, but at least they knew how to tend to their customers. It took well over 20 minutes for the waitress to finally pickup the credit card, not to mention never any checking in on the customer, it took concerned looks to draw any attention. Management should truly be ashamed of themselves. You're better off going to Red Lantern, Backstage, or even steak and shake.Ǿ
2 stars because all of the food was great. Messed up orders and really poor service were the reason for the poor rating.  Server was extremely green and needed more training. Everyone appeared to be brand new at their jobs.  Love the place and have had much better experiences.Ǿ
Brunch was excellent. And there's live music today on the patio while we eat it. The food prices here are a little more expensive than the food at places nearby - but it's so good, that I'm ok with it and keep coming back. Will definitely be back for brunch!Ǿ
I wish I could give no stars but it doesn't allow me.  I am very disappointed in the management at this restaurant.  I sit down at the bar with my wife and we order some drinks.  There is a "seasonal beer menu", that has one of our favorite fall beers on tap for $6.00 a pint.  My wife orders one and we ordered some food as well.  It was a nice night so we ordered a few more drinks and then we get our tab.  When we get our bill they charged us $10.00 a beer. No where did we see that price anywhere and we questioned our server. She said let me talk to my manager to find out why this happened.  The server/bartender comes back to say that it was a mistake that the menu should not of been out.  I have a serious problem with this explination because the manager couldn't come out to explain this nor did they make up for the mistake of overcharging us.  They didn't charge for the price they advertised and did nothing to make the situation any better.  The management there should of come out and talked to us and rectified the situation because it was there mistake.  Instead they made it seem like we made the mistake for coming there and ordering.  Unbelievable customer service never go there. Our server/bartender was very nice but the manager handled the situation the wrong way.Ǿ
After reading the Plain Dealer review, I was looking forward to trying this place. I ordered the pulled pork and asked the server how much the sides were since they were ala carte. She said they ranged from $1.00 - $3.00. When we got the check, one was $4.00 and the other was $5.00.  Did not care for the baked beans which are usually one of my favorites. My dinner was just ok. My husband got the fish fry which he enjoyed. The server was very friendly.Ǿ
Went for wing night and the wings were not very good. The ghost pepper sauce was around the same heat as Frank's red hot. As for the wings them selves they were not crispy and the skin was a bit chewy.Ǿ
Had a bizarre experience and will never come back. We sat down at the  bar and it took  the bartender a long time to see  us.She was very  nice  but was more interested in her conversation with other customers than serving us .we were there 10 minutes before we got our menus. It was so bad that  the  waitress ended  up taking  our  order  and getting our food  and the  bartender didn't  notice. I order steak and potatoe soup which was very  good and beef sliders which were  small and cold .seemed to sitting around a while. ..My friend ordered  2 plain chicken breasts with  barbecue  sauce  on side.I asked how they  were and he said  they  were  pre cooked and reheated.  They then  charged me $19 for 2 chicken  breasts  w no sides. Way Way over priced. ..expensive below  average food w poor  service. .Very  nice  people but not worth it.Ǿ
I was hoping for more... at least for the sake of the neighborhood.  Walked in on a slow rainy Tuesday night greeted by a sign that says bar seating only and a server passing by telling us no kitchen orders for at least 15 minutes.  We should have turned around  but figured we world have a cocktail and wait it out.  Beer selection was good but liquor pour was weak... so weak.  Finally place order (wings and nachos) and they were out in less than 5 mins?  But everything was cold.  Waited another 10 mins for side of blue cheese.  Food had no flavor everything tasted like poor quality straight from the can.  Blue cheese dressing tasted like water with feta?  Cheap.  Waitress was friendly but slow (there were less than 10 tables and at least 8 servers).  Not sure what's up with this place but definitely a disappointment.Ǿ
I was very excited to try out the new location in hopes that it would be a vast improvement from their previous one. No such luck. Parking was a challenge. Once inside, lots of open space and very cold. Sat at the bar and ordered the calamari. Took awhile even though there were only a few other customers at the time. When it arrived, it was so overcooked that it tasted like fried rubber bands. Very disappointing. Bartender took it away when we said we were done but didnt ask why we didnt eat it. We got our bill and headed across the street to the neighboring bar. Didnt want to waste the parking spot. Much better choice!Ǿ
Came on a Thursday night for the CAVS game! Busy but our server kept up with us about every 10 minutes. Thursday nights they have 2$ pulled pork sliders and 5$ pitchers which was awesome!!!! Now here I am trying the menu again on a Saturday afternoon; with some mussels and Riesling! I told the bartender I was here to watch Grey's Anatomy and have a few glasses of wine and she kept them coming while I listened to my headphones. A fan of this place! Love the patio, just wish they played the game through a projector onto the back screen!Ǿ
I was excited to try this new restaurant that had popped up in a neighborhood that I frequent. The atmosphere was nice and our waitress was friendly. The parking lot was just as impossible to find a spot in as the last restaurant that resided there.

I had ordered the mussels appetizer and was pleased with the amount of mussels that came in the dish however the pieces of bread that were included were very dense and overpowering.

The burger that my boyfriend had gotten and it was nothing special .. that was until he asked the waitress for some BBQ sauce. She came over with a carrier of three homemade sauces and that is when the magic happened. The Sweet BBQ was absolutely out of this world.

When it came to getting our check the waitress dropped it off and took a good old time picking it up.

Overall I was a little underwhelmed the parking lot tiny, the food was average and the service could have been more efficient.Ǿ
Slow service, they ran out of the special, hard to get the waitresses back for a second round, one order was wrong.Ǿ
Service was terrible. Food was ALMOST mediocre. This isn't the first time either. I thought Paninis was bad at this location.. This was worse. NEVER going there again. Waste of my moneyǾ
We went here to watch the game on Tuesday. It was our second trip here. All of our food was excellent and clearly house made. I had the smoked half-chicken which was on special for $8 (every Tuesday). Again, $8 for a house smoked half chicken! It was delicious and fell off the bone. It came with fries and coleslaw both of which were spot on. We had also tried the lettuce wraps, and they were perfect. Quality ingredients and a smart chef.Ǿ
Visited twice since opening and I like this place. I think it will get better when they get more established and I hope they stick around! Ordered the ironwood burger on the first visit. No complaints,  good flavor, cooked perfectly and the club on the 2nd. Loved the bread and two kinds of cheese on the club. Both plates came w fries and theirs are very good fresh cut.  My boyfriend ordered a BBQ platter and was very happy and the pulled pork sandwich on the 2nd visit, but was not as impressed. Lots of coleslaw on the sandwich made it soggy.  
Service was fine, not too helpful with menu or available at hostess desk to seat you when you walk in. 
Decor is very generic and lacks any wall art so it has an unfinished just moved in look, but clean. I really hope when warm weather hits they get rid of that eyesore of an outdoor tiki bar.
We'll be back for a third visit to try the fish fry for sure.