Great location and very well de decorated tiny spot. Stopped here for a bite to eat during a 24h stay in TO - it was OK but not enough to go back. I had the lobster roll which was not bad but a little too much on the chewy side. Fries were good but coleslaw was dissapointing. Staff was not very friendly to top it off... Oh well.笑
as a frequent rider of the 501, i am often looking at new spots to eat, especially those where they specialize in one form of food or another. on the outside, i noticed a big crab on the window, which peeked my interest, seeing BLOGTO's review of the restaurant, and the picture of the snow crab sandwich, i was sold! 

took my significant other by the hand, and onward we went, really small and comfortable resturant, as you can see by my photos, it looks good on the inside, very clean and very fresh. i ordered the soft crab sandwich and fresco fries. 

the photos do not to the justice of food, the size or the flavor. 

BOTH ME AND MY SIGNIFICANT OTHER BURNED OUR MOUTHS in the best way possible, because we were both hooked on the flavor. 

this place is a bit on the expensive side, but the flavor KILLS it...hands down.笑
I really, really like Fresh Off The Boat. Without doubt, it is one of my favourite restaurants in and out of Toronto. For some reasons (partially because I am a hopeless seafood-romantic), I found FOB's food incredibly delicious and satisfying. I highly recommended this restaurant to those who are in the area - you should really go check it out. I had visited this place for about 10 times in the past few months. I brought several friends there as well - we all love it.

I had tried FOB's Softshell Crab Sandwich, The Fob (sandwich), Lobster Rolls and Frisco Fries. For those who never visit this place before, I recommend you trying their Softshell Crab Sandwich and The Fob. Although they are both deep-fried, your tonge would not be shadowed by the grease - you are still able to enjoy the freshness of the ingredients, and the dynamic of different flavours in the sandwich, especially The Fob. Beside the crazily-crispy battered catfish, The Fob has a layer of kimchi at the bottom of the sandwich. It refreshes your taste bud with every bite.
Beside the sandwiches, FOB's coleslaw stuns me.
Throughout my life, I had always been known as a coleslaw hater. I just couldn't like any coleslaw in my life because of the overpowering taste of mustard and mayonnaise. Unfortunately, coleslaw usually makes my meals 10 times worse than how it was already. However, FOB's coleslaw changed my belief about coleslaw. Because they used broccoli instead of cabbage (which is not as soaky), and ingredients like raisin in order to make the salad naturally sweet, the coleslaw is incredibly refreshing. 
I honestly could never imagine how any coleslaw would make me substitute my fries for it. However, it happened here in FOB.

Fresh Off The Boat really is one of my very favourites in Toronto...I will keep visiting it until the day when it's out of fish and crabs.笑
A quaint place on Queen just west of Spadina.  If you want fresh seafood, this is the place to go whether for their sandwiches or tacos or  fish and chips or chowder. The menu is small, but nothing wrong with that as you know what their specialities are in a few visits.

Prices may seem a little steep for a sandwich, but for what you're getting it's worth the price for the freshness and the taste.  I had the lobster roll  ($13.95) which was absolutely delicious with big chunks of lobster coated lightly with dressing on a soft warm bread roll.  Came with fries which were cooked to a nice crisp and a broccoli slaw that was lightly dressed and refreshing.

My friend ordered the soft shelled crab sandwich ($15.95) and wasn't disappointed.  Lightly battered and full of flavour, plus presentation was great, almost too pretty to eat.

I will definitely have to come back to try the other menu items and fact that it's a small menu,  I can easily try them all in less visits than some other places that boasts a large selection.

Note:  If you like Sriracha, there is no shortage here as there's a whole display of it at the back by the kitchen.笑
Best fish and chips I have ever had in my life. Light batter, fresh tasting fish, standard chips. Usual queen st prices but worth every penny! Soooooo delicious!!!!!笑
Soft shell crab is amazing!!!Dont miss it!!! Very crispy shell outside and tender crab meat. Lobster roll is just average in terms of the portion and price....little bit disappointed.笑
This is an excellent place to go if you're looking to get your lobster roll fix. The staff are really friendly and they play great relaxing music. Portion-wise, they give a great amount of lobster and it tastes delicious. Highly recommend the spot and suggest getting a lobster roll meal.笑
Got take out crab and fob sandwiches. The presentation looked delicious. The taste was good but not as good as it looked. There seemed to be a bit too much fried battered compared to the meat. I would go back if in the area but wouldn't go out of my way. Fries were a bit soggy but might be because it was takeout order. Staff was friendly笑
To be straight to the point: excellent service, delicious food, and very reasonable prices.

Excellent service: food was prepared within 5-10 minutes after placing our order. They will shout out your order, so pay attention.

Delicious food: we ordered some of the more famous items on their menu - the soft-shell crab sandwich, lobster roll, "The FOB", and a few others. It's extremely difficult for me to identify which one was "the best". All I can recommend is for you and friends to order different ones to sample.

Reasonable prices: considering this is seafood, and considering that seafood is a rather premium dish item (e.g. seasonal, not constant like beef or chicken), the menu prices are extremely reasonable.

Only minor drawback is dining space: there are roughly 6 tall seats (bar format) and 2 sets of tables that seat roughly 4/5 each. So space is limited, but the price and food quality definitely make up for it.笑
Lobster roll was kind of small and soft shell crab sandwich was pretty good.  Can't say that I would definitely go back.笑
Lonster Roll is on point! Big chunks of succulent lobster, a boat load of fries, and nice coleslaw. I see allot of the reviews are bashing this place due to the solf shell crab, but I had a great experience with the lobster.笑
I rarely go out of my way to post but feel it's necessary - 

Got the famous softshell crab sandwhich - was very HEAVILY battered, seemingly to hide the  very little crab inside and didn't taste very fresh - the fries weren't great either. $18 (inc tax) for that???? 

You're way better off going to Fish Store on college and getting a grilled salmon sandwhich. Spectacular!!笑
Just picked up the best Fish and Chips I've ever had! From the packaging to the food everything was perfect! I def recommend this restaurant!笑
I love soft shell crab.

The soft shell crab sandwich here looks huge and it's served on a large bed of fries with a tiny side cup of slaw.  

The crab was tasty but you do realize half of it is batter.  It's actually quite difficult to eat as a sandwich so I left it in the box and grabbed a fork and knife.  The salad was great but I wish they would give substitutions.  No substitutions allowed.  There were just too many fries.  Yes, I said it.  I love fries and I found it excessive.  Give me more of a half half split between the fries and the salad and this rating would actually go up by a star.  

If you're looking to eat a container of fried stuff (the fish and chips looked massive), this is it.  They did have a few grilled options which come with salads so if fries aren't your thing, you've got a couple of options.笑
the owner is personable. the service is quick and friendly. the sandwiches are smart combinations of fresh ingredients. yes, it's more expensive than say banh mi boys next door, but crab and lobsters costs more than pork and chuck. the food is messy and i suppose the place could be cleaner and less crowded, but something tells me they aren't going for fine dining ambiance. one warning, if you're going with young kids, the music is a bit raunchy.笑
Small seafood joint on Queen near Spadina. The place is rather small but cozy and I really like the whole ambiance of the place. They are pretty popular for their seafood sandwiches like their lobster roll and a soft shell crab sandwich. An entire soft shell crab fried up and served in a bun. The other items are rather creative and definitely worth coming to try out.

I've had the Lobster Roll, Fu-Schnicken, and the Frisco Fries. The lobster roll is exactly how it should be. Nice chunks of cool lobster served up in a warm buttered Boston roll. The sandwich as a whole tastes great. One of the more unique items is the Fu-Schnicken. It is a sandwich composed of thinly sliced Korean beef, tiger shrimp, and kimchi. The combination tasted more appetizing than it sounds. I'm not normally a fan of kim-chi but I thought the spice and crunch added so much to the sandwich as a whole. The aioli used was so damn good.

The Frisco fries is sort of like their version of a seafood poutine. Rather, it is their seasoned fries, garlic aioli, and mounds of snow crab. The snow crab aren't large chunks or strips or anything, but are present with each bite. The parsley and dill really make the dish great, along with that aioli again.

Parking can be found out front, but in case it's packed, make your way behind the place where you can find Green P in an outdoor lot and an underground lot. The food comes out quickly so don't be alarmed by any wait. Definitely one of the better spots to come if you are seriously craving a quick meal or lobster rolls.

P.S. - They also have a food stand in Front St Foods that serves up their favorites.笑
I got the lobster sandwich with frisco fries and it was fireeeee dawwwg. Hella expensive though bought a Diet Coke with my meal and it ended up being 25$ (so hurt.. Could've had AYCE sushi w that $$).  It was nice to try, not sure if I'd come back on the regs tho. 

My friend got the crab sandwich with frisco fries.. Don't really recommend it. Saw someone eating the shrimp po boy and it looked fireeeee.笑
The softshell crab burger is really really good! I also had the fish & chips and its very pleasing as well. The batter wasn't too thick, the seasoning was just right for my taste. The place is small inside,  but it still had a big size table that fitted me and my 6 other friends. I'm sure on a good day they would be jammed pack, but we were lucky when we went and there was room.
The fries is the reason that made it a 4 and not 5 star. It wasn't fresh and a bit over fried. They are very generous I think because they give free water with lemon. Where a lot of other burgers/hotdog/fastfood would only sell bottled. this is a place that I'll definitely hit again when I'm in the area because I really like seafood and fry foods...so the best of both worlds.笑
Pretty mouth watering & delcious!  I tried the soft shell crab sandwich and lobster roll.  The soft shell crab sandwich was a little greasy as it is fried, but it didn't bother me much.  This place seemed pretty artsy.  The staff was friendly.  The coleslaw was well done.  There isn't much seating.  This is more a takeout place than a dine-in place as seats get filled up quickly & the wait can be a while depending on how many people you have plus the time & day.  They have water on the side with plastic cups so u can drink lemon water instead of purchasing a drink if you prefer.  Overall I really liked this place!笑
Soft shell crab was amazing! Fries and salad excellent. Lovely space, and lovely people. I will be going back again and again!笑
Dirty and Overpriced.  

I ordered soft-shell crab and shrimp sandwich. 

The crab costs more than 20 bucks with a drink. I expected high quality food but oh my fxxking god they don't even remove the crab gill！Crab gill not only tastes shitty but also is poisonous.
Their shrimp sandwich is poorly organized, all the shrimps dropped down when I ate it.

Also, they charge you two dollar for a can of drink, which is kind of ridiculous.笑
Best lobster roll and soft shell crab sandwich in the city!

My husband and I decided to have a quick Sunday lunch at Fresh off the Boat and were instantly impressed with the fresh seafood and friendly employees. My husband ordered the soft-shell crab sandwich - seriously, a full-on crab dipped in batter and deep-fried into golden deliciousness on a soft bun - and then upsized to the frisco fries (which was a mound of fresh snow crab on fries). And I ordered the lobster roll - stuffed with crab on a soft bun and also had the friso fries. Absolutely delicious - we were happily stuffed for hours and can't wait to go back! Also, kudos to the cashier who was pumping out great jams off her phone -- listening to Nelly's 'Hot in Herre' while enjoying my lobster roll pretty much made my day!笑
The restaurant is quite small and in a very trendy neighbourhood. It is not too close to core downtown so you might have to take an uber or streetcar to get there depending on where you live.

The items were very reasonably priced. My friend and I split two items so we could try both. We got a crab sandwich and the lobster roll. The seafood on the sandwiches was very fresh and the items were balanced in terms of flavours. You got a large serving of fries with your meal which helped to get you full. I would recommend this to people for sure. The restaurant is very small however with only 2-4 tables. If you want a quick bite and grab something to go this is an excellent option. If you want to sit down and enjoy it with a large party of people, depending on how busy it is, you might be disappointed笑
This place is bustlin'. For very good reasons.
The seafood is fresh. The batter is light and crispy. They fry things to perfection.

We had the following:
1. Softshell Crab Sandwich - SO GOOD. Why haven't you eaten it yet?
2. Halibut Fish & Chips - Big portion of lovely halibut and the batter is to die for.
3. Lobster Roll - Comparable to the ones we got fresh from the fishing boats in Prince Edward Island. High praise yo.

It's a small place with quirky fresh decor. 

The people are friendly.

The tables are few.

But the food... YA. THE FOOD. 

Go already.笑
Came here for lunch where a craving for lobster was in demand. We arrived to the resto where the staff were friendly and pleasant. The menu was straight forward and clear. You can order off the paper menu but a wall menu was also provided. 
Ordered the lobster roll where I was worth every penny. The lobster to roll proportion was perfectly paired together. The fries were freshly served where the potatos were cut to perfection. The coleslaw was also very delicious with the hint of white raisins. The atmosphere suited well with cool lighting and wall art. 

Overall an impressed visit and will definitely go again for the other menu options.笑
Average to be honest. Has all the default ingredients  on the exterior in terms of looks to the decor and hipster feel to the place but push comes to shove the food was only alright. Soft shell crab sandwich is a great idea but only executed average. Batter to crab ratio was poor and it was neither letting the crab flavor shine nor spiced with any pop in flavor. 

Coleslaw was probably the best part. Fries were fries.  Meh. 

Head next door to banh mi boys.笑
Came in mid-day to grab early dinner with my boyfriend, I was pleasantly surprised to see the restaurant was small and slightly empty which actually was not a problem for us. We enjoyed the atmosphere of the place which had amazing interior and very friendly service.

We ordered the Frisco Fries, Mediterranean Shrimp Sandwich as well as the Softshell Crab. I The Frisco fries were amazing, my boyfriend and I definitely devoured through the whole dish! We loved how the lemon zest cut through some of the crab and added a zing to the fries! The Mediterranean Shrimp Sandwich was pretty damn good, probably one of the most underrated dishes within the restaurant! There was texture, as well as an amazing combination of feta and tomato sauce that definitely pulled the shrimp together.

HOWEVER, the Softshell Crab definitely was a let down. I was surprised to find such a dish in Toronto, and decided to give it a try. However, after a few bites in all I really tasted was batter. The batter gave it a bit of an unpleasant taste, and I found the sauce to be a bit too overpowering. It has potential to be an amazing sandwich, FOTB just needs to cut down on the batter! I pulled out some crab away from the batter and gave it a taste, amazing flavour and texture.

COLESLAW IS TOO DIE FOR. 

The restaurant overall is pretty good, however I would not recommend trying their Softshell Crab. Overall, I would come here again if I have a sudden craving for their Frisco fries, pretty reasonable prices for the proportion of food you get.笑
Came here with some friends and we ordered the soft shell crab and lobster sandwich. Personally I was fairly disappointed with our food. I personally had the soft shell crab which looked really darn good but tasted nothing like it. I found it really bland it it was more like just eating fried flour. One of my friends who had the lobster sandwich said it was tasty but the portion size was a bit smaller than she had hoped for. I thought the food was pricey for what it was. I'd recommend trying but I probably wouldn't visit again for a while. The restaurant is set up fast food style and is fairly small with limited seating. Works well as a take out option.笑
It was okay. Had the lobster roll, which was a tiny portion for $16. Essentially, it's pieces of lobster (granted, they're chunks, and not shredded, which is a plus) on a piece of toast folded in half. The sandwich was over buttered (was it the bread or the lobster? ask the chef Buttery McButterfingers) and it's really all I could taste. The springy lobster texture was on point though, so if you're jonesing for butter sandwich with a bit more chew than piece of lard, this is the way to go! 

As for the sides, the broccoli slaw was okay. Needs more tang! Fries were whatever. Real potatoes, but I'd rather throw down a box of burger king or kfc fries.

Friends got the soft shell crab, asian po-boy, and the shrimp sandwich. All of which were generously portioned. Had a taste of the po-boy, and I think I'll be coming back for this (2 stars if it hadn't been for the po-boy)! Nommers.笑
A friend of mine loves seafood and wanted to introduce us to this place after prides festivities this year.

The location is pretty accessible, in a prime location (spadina and queen).
There's limited seating like most Toronto restaurants but most people seem to eat quickly in an out so it was no problem getting seats for our group of 7.

I wasn't feeling too adventurous so both my husband and I got regular fish and chips, which comes with tartar sauce and broccoli coleslaw. ($15)

The fish itself was pretty simple, wasn't bad, wasn't the best i've had but decent.
The fries were yummy as was the
Coleslaw, the coleslaw is what won me over... Yum!!

The service was pretty quick and efficient, they offer a jug of lemon water for free, which is great on hot days. Unfortunately on this particular visit tasted like it had been left out for a few days... Yuck.

My friend raves about the crab and shrimp so maybe i'll try that next time!

Cute restaurant, Im sure i'll visit again.

3.5/5笑
I was extremely disappointed at this fish and chips joint. How can anyone do fish and chips wrong ... So you guessed it I ordered fish and chips but I upgraded my chips to Frisco fries which has crab shavings, aioli, dill and garlic on top...sounds yummy right? And the fact I paid $7.00 extra to upgrade my chips to Frisco fries, I was really looking forward to it...

But---and this is a Big Butt...

My meal one order of fish and chips upgraded to Frisco fries at $24.52 was a complete disaster! The batter of my fried fish was soggy and maybe 10 fries out of 50 had a little bit of crab flakes on it, I couldn't taste the dill.... I mean really?!!!!


Is business on Queen West that bad?

As consumers we are getting stuck with fat bills and tasteless meals!!

Sooooo disappointed!笑
Highly recommend! The crab sandwich, lobster roll and fish and chips were stellar! Only reason not 5 stars~ wish they had more seating and liquor license, would be great to enjoy a beer with it笑
Pretty decent seafood but also a little pricey! We tried the crab sandwich which was actually an entire crab that had been deep fried on a bun. Definitely one of the better meals on the menu!笑
The restaurant was pleasant but the quantity of food provided was small. The pictures can be deceiving and the crab sandwich can look huge. The sandwiches are not something that will fill you up. You will definitely need more than one for that. 

As for sea food lovers, this would be a great place as it offers a lot of variety.笑
This place is literally 1 minute away from my office and I finally get a chance to try it.  Ordered soft shell crab that people are raving about.  It is not bad, battered and seasoned alright but fries are just average.  Coleslaw is decent and I wish they give more.  Service is non existent and the joint is more like a take out place with very limited seating.  The price is very over-priced for a fast food joint.  I most likely won't come back for soft shell crab but will probably try lobster roll next time.笑
First time here? Try the softshell crab burger!  Crispy with a delicious sauce.  Prepared quick and fresh.  Nom nom nom I'd come back for more.

Place is cozy with an interesting wall of fisherman photos.   You can dine in but won't fit a large group.  The menu is features various seafood in burger and sandwiches. A pescatarian's dream!笑
Blasphemy! This place only got 3.5 stars?? It deserves 100% 4 stars! Well...that's just me. I've only tried one plate which was the soft shell crab sandwich. I wanted to blow my brains out...in a good way. It was just mindblowing is what I mean. Anyways, the soft shell was crispy texture on outside, and nice and softy on inside. It was such a big sandwich I had a hard time eating it. But have no fear! When something is so tasty, you will make time and effort to devour it regardless. This joint is more of a takeout and not really sit down place. It's definitely casual and if I can recommend one thing, is it 's that darn soft shell crab sandwich. I still dream about it to this day.

This is also of course, if you can tell by its title, generally a seafood fast food place. It's fairly small too but worth eating if you like fried stuff...fried SEAFOOD stuff!! 

I like this place a lot. Please go. If not for yourself. For me.笑
After walking by this place one night, I bookmarked it to try another time. 
Finally went on a Saturday afternoon, around 1pm. There's not much seating, only 2 table tops for 4 people and 4 stools. The pricing is what you would expect for a seafood place. 

I tried the soft shell crab and the FOB poboy. I preferred the soft shell crab sandwich as it was well balanced and not overly fried. The po'boy was well sauced to match the "fishy" flavor.

I wasn't a fan of the fries, which sounds ridiculous. But they were much too salty for my liking. The coleslaw was disappointing after reading the reviews, nothing particularly exciting about it. Finally, the service. The person behind me got their soft shell crab before me. They wrote my name down but didn't bother calling my name. They looked lost when I told them I didn't receive my crab yet. 

Overall, it was alright, but you may find better choices in the area.笑
Prime location at Queen St W and Spadina (love the area, so much good food!). I came from a food festival, and really wanted to try FOTB, so i shared the softshell crab with a friend. They can cut the burger for you :) It was delicious! fried to just about the perfect amount of perfection. The fries and the coleslaw that comes with it is good. Mix Sriracha sauce wtih ketchup, they have SOOOOO much Sriracha sauce lying around.

This place is pricey, our burger came to about $18 with tax included, and there wasn't a lot of seating笑
By the sea decoration, clean and relaxing atmosphere. Greeted by friendly and welcoming staff. As for the prices, definitely not for the everyday quick bite.

Ordered the softshell crab sandwich and sat down at one of the wooden tables. Didn't feel like drinking pop so grabbed a cup of complimentary lemon water. The softshell crab and the fries were all made fresh, could hear the fryer during the wait. They call your name and went to pickup the brown paper box. Everything was just as the name of the restaurant implies, fresh. Lightly battered, fried until crispy then seasoned with some spices that had a bit of kick to it. Everything balanced with a broccoli slaw that was refreshing and not too overdressed.

Overall, will definitely be back to try something else from the menu or to order the softshell crab sandwich again. That was really good.笑
Came here on a Sunday night and was surprised to see barely anyone there (may have just been the weather though). Nonetheless, walking in, you're greeted with a warm smile and a comfortable atmosphere. 

After reading the reviews on here, I had to try the Lobster Roll. I can't believe how generous they are with the lobster; large chunks stuffed into a buttered slice. Once you bite into it, you can't stop. The butter combines with the lobster to create a flavour burst of seafood goodness in your mouth. The portions don't look very filling but the fries make up for it. The house slaw was very refreshing and served as a palette cleanser. 

All in all, I was very satisfied with my meal and will definitely go back to try out their menu. Their chowder sounds quite appetizing.笑
My sandwich was very good. It had beef and shrimp and the bun was very good... the balance of bread to meat was very good and the bread seemed to get out of the way and give the other flavors room to speak.

I'm not sure that including french fries with each sandwich is necessary... Aside from adding to the perceived value proposition, I'm not sure that french fries would be a recommended side for this type of sandwich.

It's just that the sandwich is so flavorful and the fries (of which they give you a lot) taste so bland and eating more than a few seemed like slog. And trying to eat them in the same bite as the sandwich seemed to take away all of the flavor of the sandwich and make you feel like you were eating a bunch of plain potatoes.

Anyway... very good food and I would go back again, but I'd like to see them figure out how to take these excellent sandwiches and put them in a context that makes more sense and maybe step their beverage game up a little bit?

They've nailed the sandwich itself... It'd just like to see them spend a little more time perfecting the sides and beverages and rounding out the whole experience. It could be *even* better.

This is just explaining what prevents me from awarding the last star... 4 stars is absolutely a good review. I think the sandwiches are fantastic and it's really close to being a 5 star place for me.笑
Delish crab and lobster sandwiches although the sandwiches are small (way too small). The meal is great. The least they could do is give your more bread? The food is great though and service is typical of a diner style atmosphere. I left still hungry though for what I paid. At least give more chips or something...笑
When going to restaurants, one of the questions that inevitably comes up by the end of the meal, is "Was it worth it?" I can enjoy a $6 sandwich, and a $150 steak and feel that both meals are worth it in their own regards.

For Fresh Off the Boat, what they have isn't groundbreaking or unique. But, it's good. I've had both the Lobster roll, and the Soft Shell Crab sandwich. Both were delicious and hot. the side salad was fresh and tangy, and there were plenty of fries in the box. Unfortunately, the fries were a bit soggy, and for me personally, I'd prefer more salad, and less fries.

They also have alot of condiments that can be added. There's hot sauce, ketchup, malt vinegar, and of course, siracha sauce. It's a little thing, but it's something that I appreciate.

the sticking point for me is the price. I can't help but feel that it's about $2-$3 more than it should be. Lobster rolls can be had down the street at Rock Lobster for less, and same goes with getting pretty much the EXACT same roll at the Busters Sea Cove food truck. For those who don't know, owner Quinten Tran was one of the cofounders of the Buster's Sea cove Food Truck, so it's not surprising that the food is similar. Earlier this year, The Carbon Bar also offered a delicious Soft Shell Crab Po' Boy for $10 which I would have been ok paying a few $$ more for.

So, in the end, the food is good, and i'll most likely go back to try the FOB sandwich, but with other cheaper and equally satisfying options in the area (Banh Mi Boys, Rose City Kitchen, Burger's priest), it's not niche enough to justify the price.笑
This place was so disappointing. I got the soft shell crab sandwich which came with the fries and a very small container of coleslaw. The sandwich looked delicious but unfortunately it was tasteless. It was almost like eating a sandwich with batter that happened to be shaped like a crab. The worst part was it cost $18 after tax. 

The only pros are the place is nicely decorated and I waited maybe 2 minutes tops for my sandwich.笑
I came here for lunch today with my bf. While it seems the most popular items are the lobster roll and the soft shell crab, I ended up ordering the fish and chips and my bf ordered the lobster roll.

Food came out pretty fast, my fish and chips were the standard halibut fish and standard cut fries. The fish was crisp, and good..and the fries were just ...well fries lol. I had a bite of my bf's lobster roll and it was delicious for sure! The bread is buttered loaded with lots of lobster bits..yummy! Although, I thought for the price the roll was a bit small.

Prices are a bit on the higher end ..because it is seafood. I think for 2 people the total came to about $35. I would visit FOTB again to try the soft shell.笑
Upon entering FOB, we were greeted by really friendly servers. The interior was small and cute, with only around 3-4 tables. I liked the ceiling lights entwined in rope and wall of framed photos, which gave the place a rustic look. On the downside, this place does not have AC! Considering I came here for dinner on a hot and humid day in Toronto (when it felt like 36 deg C outside), I was sweating buckets.

My friend and I shared the Softshell Crab Sandwich and the FOB. Oh my goodness- I've seen so many photos of the softshell crab, but seeing it in person just made my eyes pop out of its socket! It was a lot bigger than I expected, and the bun on top was shiny and round. The crab itself was delicious! The legs and claws were crispy, and the body contained all the gooey stuff and the meat. It wasted pretty much like the crab in spider rolls, but better. 

In terms of the FOB, I was a little disappointed. The catfish was way too fishy for me, and that combined with kimchi, cilantro, and aoli overwhelmed my tastebuds. Wasn't a big fan of this combination, although I liked the banh mi better than the softshell crab bun.

Both sandwiches came with a side of fries and slaw; I enjoyed the raisins and sunflower seeds in the slaw. And, as with many other seafood joints, there is complimentary lemon water if you don't feel like purchasing a drink.

Not a place I'd go to regularly. It was nice to try it once, but will likely not be back for another while!笑
Live close by and noticed the cruddy old pizza joint has been spiffed up so decided to treat myself to something for dinner on a Friday evening. Girl at front sweet and friendly. I got the lobster roll with fries and broccoli/carrot slaw to go. Got home and opened a box of goodies! Wow....very generous delicious lobster roll (not swimming in mayo like other place on queen near bathurst...ok Rock Lobster)....this was amazing! The wedge of lemon made it! Also i really loved loved loved the slaw. Raisins nice touch. Again light, fresh,tasty...not swimming in mayo. I will be treating myself more often! Grilled catfish next time!笑
We checked out this location for lunch last week. It's a small place, but pretty busy. 
There was an endless stream of people doing the takeout thing. 
For us we tried the lobster roll and my friend had the shrimp raw. Man was it good --the food is really fresh - the chips homemade. They had lots of other options including fish and chips and a variety of other seafood and fish sandwiches. 

Seating is limited. But do check it out.笑
Ratings:
Food: 9/10
Drink: n/a
Service: n/a
Value: 8/10
Hygiene: 9/10
Aesthetics: 8/10

I had the soft shell crab sandwich here. While it wasn't the best soft shell crab I've ever had, it was pretty good. To me, it was the sauce that really made the sandwich. The subtle heat in the sauce mixed with the creaminess, allows the flavour of the crab to really stand out. 

One thing I did dislike was the fries, I felt they were salted a bit too much, but that's just a personal preference.

While it is pricey, I don't think there are many alternatives and the quality is decent. 

The decor is nice, small details make the place homey but not overly cluttered, some of the little pictures are a little random, but I had a good laugh.

I would recommend this place and I think I'll come back sometime in the future to try a different sandwich.笑
Came by on a Saturday afternoon to try the famous soft shell crab sandwich. It had a nice batter, not too oily and was really tasty. My fave though was the lobster roll, simply a classic. They stuff so much chunks of lobster that it's falling out as you eat it. And the best part is it tastes so fresh and complimented by delicious crispy fries. Although the place is super tiny and you can barely get a seat, I will definitely be back to try out the other menu items!笑
I got the lobster roll with the frisco fries upgrade. The lobster roll was alright. The sauce or lack thereof was a bit bland but the bread was tasty. The house slaw it came with was decent. I highly recommend the frisco fries though. That was by far the tastiest part of the entire meal. I think if I didn't opt for that, I'd have given this place a 3/5 instead. The place is pretty small with very few seats so don't bring a group of friends here. It's also pretty cold in the winter because of the small space and constantly opening/closing door.笑
Fresh Off the Boat has been quite popular recently and I decided to go there to give it a try. Once entered, the decor is really hip with black and white fish painting and a wall of Sriracha bottles. It is a perfect Instagram/Yelp check-in moment. 

My friend and I decided to share the signature Soft Shell Crab burger served with fresh cut fries and homemade coleslaw. It did not meet my expectation for a 16 dollar burger. The soft shell crab has too much batter and the buns have nothing special. We also got the seafood chowder, with mussels, clams, shrimps and crab. There was no surprise factor and I personally thought the pepper covered the original flavours of the seafood. 

The verdict is: FOTB is is too hyped up and overpriced. If you are in the Fashion District for a quick lunch, I would recommend you to go to Rose City, Banh Mi Boys or Burger's Priest nearby.笑
Ordered and shared lobster roll and soft shell crab w/ my hubby. The lobster roll was a bit disappointing. It was a bit bland (perhaps more mayo & cayenne pepper?) but the soft shell crab was excellent. Very tasty and def. larger than the disappointing Lobster roll.  I didn't particularly like their fries as it was mushy. However, the coleslaw was absolutely amazing! I loved it! The price imho was a bit high but then again... this is Toronto. 

Service was excellent and we got our order very quickly.笑
Absolutely loved the lobster roll.. It was mouth watering.. 
The portions were small, but the food was good quality :)笑
Small restaurant with big flavour! Since moving closer to the downtown core, I've been spoiled with the number of food choices. Fresh Off the Boat would be one of my top choices.
I've seen FOB's menu a few times and passed by them on my way to some other food trek but last night was a seafood kinda night. I decided to get take away from FOB since the bf and I were craving fish and chips.
We shared:
Halibut fish and chips $15 - a big hit with the bf. He loves halibut - I prefer the simpler cod or haddock. There were 2 huge pieces with a side of fries, coleslaw, lemon and tartar sauce.
Lobster Roll $14 - huge chunks of lobster and the flavour is amazing
Soft shell crab sandwich $16 - OMG! You gotta get this... you just gotta! Crispy and super Good.
Service was quick and friendly. The place is small, a few bench seats and bar seating.
It seems pricey but not for good proper seafood. Great flavour and big portions. 5 stars and I'm coming back ferrr sherrr!笑
Update: 

Yeah. This is probably one place I'll never return to. Last time I got the crab sandwich which was a disaster but I figured I've give the place a second try. 

Walk in Monday mid afternoon and no acknowledgement what so ever. That's okay though, I had my headphones on. 
Took the person at the front a minute before she acknowledged my existence but the place was dead... again, I didn't mind. Wasn't in a rush. 

This time, I got the lobster roll. 3 minutes (I know because I timed it. Exactly 3:27:23) 
Anyways, got back to work and was super disappointed. 

The lister was placed on top instead of inside the actual roll to make it look like there was more. My roll was soggy and my fries looked like baby fingers by how short and stumpy they were. 

The coleslaw. My god the coleslaw. That was the total deal breaker for me. It looked like it was made 2 days ago by the lack of colour. And the white water dressing thing ?! I can't. Just watch the video. 

Maybe I'm not hip enough to realize that coleslaw is suppose to be that soggy. I don't know.笑
Stopped in here totally on a whim.. Solely because of Yelp I got their Frisco Fries which are not on the menu. Fries with aioli and soft shell crab... It is not something I would normally order or eat but I was not disappointed! My taste buds were happy with the amount of garlic in the aioli and it had a fairly good crab, aioli, fries ratio. The girl taking my order was very kind, and helpful. I really enjoyed the ambience and felt it matched perfectly with their name! If the Frisco Fries sound like something up your alley I wouldn't think twice about recommending visiting FOTB to try them out.笑
Definitely was attracted to this place based on the fact that it had fresh lobster and soft shell crab sandwiches. I ordered the Lobster Roll $14 and my boyfriend got the softshell crab sandwich for $15, I believe. I really liked the broccoli slaw that they come with but the fries were a bit too thin and crunchy for my liking. I like when there's a good combo of crunchy and chunky fries but these were all pretty thin. The lobster roll was really good, served in a bun like toast. I thought it was refreshing, the meat is served cold. 

The softshell looked really impressive - the whole thing is deep fried as a whole piece! But my boyfriend noticed the crab wasn't fully gutted -- the gills were left in which is a huge NO NO in our opinion. We catch and eat a lot of crab on the West Coast and that definitely needs to be taken out since it basically acts as a filter. However, not a lot of people will notice this since most people don't gut crabs and the whole thing is served deep fried. 

The decor of the place is pretty cool - I like the graphic art, branding and style. The place is quite small, there's just 3 tables that seat 4-6 people each. Then a bar along the side and a bench out front. A good grab and go place since we waited just about 5 mins for the food and it is served in to-go boxes, even if you eat in. 

Based on the crab thing, I'd rate it a 3 instead of a 3.5. Overall, great tastes but the gills have gots to go!笑
I was quite excited when I read about this place online and was looking forward to trying one of their sandwiches. What I had didn't quite meet my expectations. I paid $18 (tax in) for the softshell crab sandwich and all I could taste in my mouth was that thick coat of crispy flour seasoning, with little crab meat. The fries and slaw were good though. I'm curious to try their lobster sandwich next time, assuming it has more meat in it.笑
I've eaten at FOTB a couple times now and haven't been disappointed yet. They're a short walk from where I work and are located on a convenient corner in the downtown area.

Must-try items:
Catfish Po Boy
Shrimp Sammie
Cole Slaw/Fries

The catfish was cooked well and tasted delicious. The bun and sauce compliment all other flavours. Portions are fairly generous, though a meal can get pricey rather quickly. The dining area can only seat 10-12 patrons, but the service is fast. This is definitely a go-to spot every once in a while. I need to try everything on the menu at least once.笑
FOB is very conveniently located, an ideal spot to grab a quick bite after a day of shopping or work. We came here on a weeknight around 7pm, it wasn't busy at all probably due to the construction on Queen st.  I ordered the Fu-schiken which is their Asian version of surf n turf served with broccoli slaw. I thought my beef and shrimp sandwich was just ok. It wasn't  short of meat but I would have liked a bit more vegetarian ingredients in the sandwich then it had described like kimchi and cilantro. I was particularly disappointed at the slaw. We order 2 sandwiches and the bill came up to $35 without drinks. I think I'll skip over to Bahn mi boys next time. Cheaper eat for similar style.笑
Got a chance to try out Fresh Off The Boat at Front Food Market and I've got to say I was pretty impressed. There's nothing worst than having seafood that isn't fresh and it's easy to tell but that isn't the case here! The fresh lobster in the Lobster Roll contrasted the buttery, toasted roll, which paired perfectly with the refreshing broccoli coleslaw. The meal came with fries with completed the meal. Hoping to try more of their menu.笑
Disappointing! I ordered the lobster roll and it was too small. It was a hot-dog sized bun. For $15 I was no where close to feeling full. I've had much better ones in Florida. The pics on yelp are nothing close to what you get.笑
This is one of my favorite seafood joint in queen street west. I really like how cozy it is and the crab sandwich here is one of the best in town.I usually upgrade my fries with frisco fries , which has snow crab pieces in them. This place is definitely worth the try.笑
I ordered takeout for this restaurant with the new grabb app. I will mostly be reviewing the restaurant itself, the takeout and service I received. 

On first impression, the restaurant is small and cute. It has limited seating, maybe enough for 16 people.  It's an open kitchen concept with little ventilation. I wouldn't recommend eating in unless you want to smell like oil. Order came out fast, it takes about 5-10 minutes. The cashier or employee who takes the orders looked like she absolutely hated her job. 

I ordered a lobster roll ($13.95) and grilled halibut salad ($13.95+$1 for halibut). 

For the price, the lobster roll was good, the bread was very buttery and the portion of lobster was good. I prefer this version of the lobster roll over buster's sea cove. However, the fries were lacking, they were soggy and tasted a little burnt. 

The grilled halibut salad, however was horrible. First of all, I ordered and paid $1 extra to get halibut. However, what came in the box was either cod or mahi mahi as it was extremely dry and fishy. I also requested for the salad to come in a separate box from the fish as I hate when my salad gets wilted and warm. My request was sadly denied. As a result, along my 20 minute drive home, the heat from the grilled fish had made my salad soggy and limp. If you ever come here pass on the salad.笑
decent food....huge portions..nothing mind blowing however...

too expensive...youre looking at almost 20 for a meal (with drink) ...my suggestion is to get one meal and split it amongst two people unless youre a big eater of course..to be fair. ..it is seafood which isnt cheap...
that said...my suggestion is dont force people to buy the combo and give the option to buy just the sandwich. ..that will knock off a couple of dollars 

 personally, im not enough of a seafood lover to come here on a regular basis since its quite pricey 

bottom line:...just go once for the novelty but ill be going to more affordable banh mi boys for asian fusion grub笑
I've been wanting to try this place for a while after walking past it so many times on Queen St. I ordered the lobster roll, which came with a side a fries and coleslaw. and wow. It did not disappoint! The lobster roll was filled with large chunks of lobster in between a crispy, butter bun. Super flavourful and juicy! Literally died after one bite. I am usually not a fan of coleslaw because of the raw taste of cabbage and veggies, but they have changed my mind! The coleslaw was amazing, great crunch, and the dressing was very tasty! The fries on the other hand were average, kinda bland. But can't really complain since the other two parts of the dish was phenomenal. Will definitely be back!笑
Last Friday I was at the Front Street Toronto Food market and tried their Frisco Fries. It was so good. I will post another review when I visit their restaurant.笑
Went in on a Wednesday around 12 noon and ordered the grilled Halibut sandwich with fries. Came up to around $16. There were about 3 or 4 tables occupied and very limited seating, at one point two males asked a table if they mind if they shared the table. It's fine if you enjoy communal seating but a little awkward for myself so I got my food to go. I waited for about 15 minutes for my food since I got the grilled fish which takes a little longer to cook. After I received my food I was on my way home. The fries and fish sandwich held up pretty well. I liked how they grilled the bread so that it could hold up to the sauce. I found the fish to be a little on the dry side and a little bit too thin for my liking for the price I paid. It was a good sandwich though but nothing to write home about. The fries were normal fries nothing special and the Cole slaw was pretty good. The food was filling but I wouldn't reorder this item again. I might try the Fob or the lobster next time I'm around the area.笑
Excellent! The owner is amazing. Great food! It is definitely something different. My favourite is lobster sandwich.笑
Refreshing change up of food items you typically see on the Queen St strip, with fierce competition on all sides of the place. With BMB, Burgers Priest, Frank's, etc - this place seems to hold its own. 

I've had the lobster poutine, as well as the lobster roll so far. Not completely blown away, but it's easily one of the best in town. Lobster roll wasn't drenched in mayo and the soft roll was crisp and buttery to taste. Haven't had the soft shell crab yet but I'll try it out sooner or later.笑
Had fish and chips here. The fish is cooked just right and tastes so fresh. However, the fries are over-cooked and are very smokey. My clothes and my hair smell like smoke and fries for the rest of the day. Don't like the sides it comes with but maybe it's just me. The place is small, will hold about 15 people max. Not cheap, $16.89 including tax for just fish and chips.笑
Did I come on a bad day? I got the lobster roll and it had very little lobster (think 1/3 cup at most) and it was in tiny shreds not big chunks like the others have said. The roll was very small compared to the many others I've eaten. Fries and broccoli slaw were good but not enough to make me want to come back- the lobster roll really was sad looking. Won't come back; there are plenty of other places in the city that serve a great lobster roll.笑
Someone told me there is a place in town that plays hip hop, has a great atmosphere, offers fresh sea food and has an item on the menu that is a deep fried soft shell crab burger?  Ohhhhhh girl, sign me up and call me tickled pink!  This place had a fair bit of hype surrounding it locally and on many foodie shows I've seen on youtube and on TV.

I figured it was time to give the soft shell crab burger a try and was I ever pleasantly surprised.  They make these burgers fresh and it will take a little while (especially if the place is busy), so I patiently waited for my soft shell crab burger to come out the fryer.  It was worth the wait, the crab burger was delicious and super crispy.  Everything down to the bun was sweet and make my mouth water just thinking about it!  The fries were on point and were your typical fresh cut fish and chips style serving.

I can't say it enough, I loved the vibe, the decor, the food and even the staff were pretty friendly when it came down to it.  I'll definitely be coming back to try out other items on the menu, but another serving of dat soft shell is totally in order.  The only gripe I have, although minor is the price.  $16 +tax gets you a full combo and toss a drink in there and you're hitting the 20's.  $20 gets you a nice buffet at your local Japanese sushi bar where you can get soft shell crab, so you can kind of do the math of you want the best bang for yo buck!  A minor issue though since the food here is so fresh and so clean!  I'll be back!笑
We took the Halibut classic fish and chips. 
Very nice big portions. Two big pieces of tender tasty fish, perfectly golden fried in thin crispy batter. 
Accompanied by fresh coleslaw with a nice addition of raisins, and here's the bummer: the coleslaw was put on top of the fries :(
Bigger bummer: fries were not good to start with. Pale coloured. Oily and mushy. The coleslaw on top of that made it from bad to worse...
I will give this place another try though because of the fish and the interesting menu.    
Somehow I felt that there are to many chefs in that kitchen. Friendly helpful staff. 
Pleasant and inviting decor. 
If it wasn't for the fries they would have got five stars from me.笑
I have never actually been to the restaurant (delivery from Uber Eats only) so I can't say anything about their service. However, their sandwiches are super delicious. I have tried the FOB, the Fu-Schnicken, and Frisco Fries.

The FOB was ok. Not as good as I'd expected to be the place's namesake menu item, and the Frisco fries were good. The Fu-Schnicken on the other hand, is probably one of the best sandwiches I've ever had. The shrimp is big and juicy, beef is plentiful and flavorful, and the kimchi with whatever sauce they use just makes the whole sandwich. So good!!! It is one of my repeat orders on Uber Eats. 

I don't know why people complain about overpriced-ness.. In my opinion, $12.95 isn't a ton for a decent sized sandwich, a hefty order of fries & coleslaw. Plus, you are paying for seafood. An overall meal is quite filling. I have paid a lot more for a lot less in this city.笑
It's overpriced! We went on Friday night after work. My bf and I both got lobster roll combos. We feel there was barely any lobster inside and they put a lot of mayo in it. The fries are way too oily and dry. After we ate, we feel still really hungry because the roll was really small. 

The worse thing is after we ate the food, we both are not feeling well.

We will not go there again! 
But I have to say the concept is good just the way they cook food is so unhealthy!笑
Not a bad meal and seafood is my one true weakness, but I think I'd rather take my money elsewhere, 3.5 stars at most. 

I was having a huge craving for something comforting and filling and figured I would try FOtB for the first time since I'd heard and seen so many good things. The soft shell crab seems to be a favourite with most people but the sound and look of the lobster really drew me in. It came not too long after ordering with a big side of fresh fries and coleslaw. Everything looked really good, hot, and fresh, but I wasn't particularly wowed by anything. 

The lobster roll is pretty darn authentic with the soft buttery roll, and I was super happy to see it topped with delicious claw meat, but somehow, it fell a little flat. I was expecting big flavour from all the lobster, or even the satisfying zip of the mayo. But it just didn't hit any of those points and the bun was almost too buttery that it overwhelmed all the other flavours. Even the big claw meat pieces were lacking the big lobster flavour I expected. Coleslaw was fun, but not well executed. They shave broccoli stems for the slaw which is a great way to use all parts of all ingredients but the whole thing was riddled with tough, woody pieces that were not pleasant to chew on. Again, the dressing was not tangy enough and didn't deliver the satisfaction of a good coleslaw. Fries were pretty great though... Hot and fresh, and a little soft like I like them. If only the other food were as good as the fries. 

I'd love to come back for some other stuff but it's relatively expensive for a casual fast food joint, even if it's on the fancier side. I went on a weekday after the lunch rush so it wasn't busy at all, so service was quick and friendly. Thumbs up on that. But even so, I'd rather spend my money on something like BMB which I know will be tastier, cheaper, and will fill me up just right. Sadly, I was not in flavour town with FOtB. Better luck next time.笑
Had the lobster roll and fries! it tasted very fresh! will definately return and go for the frisco fries next time!笑
Mmm fish and chips basically. You get a large portion of food in a take-out container. The restaurant interior is brightly lit but a bit small. A meal runs at about $15 to $25.笑
The temptation of lobster rolls made me trek here for lunch with a coworker and all the fuss I've heard about this place have not been misplaced. We got in around 12:30pm and this place was buzzing. The seating is a communal style where you're going to get awfully close to some strangers enjoying their deep fried seafood, so this is probably not the place to talk about the weird growth on your foot or how your boss is a giant twat. We both ordered the lobster rolls, which came with a generous bunch of fries and coleslaw.

The lobster roll was a little smaller than I would've liked, but I think it's a reasonable size based on the price point. I've had lobster rolls at the Happy Hooker, Buster's Sea Cove, Rock Lobster etc. and the portion is pretty reasonable. For those reviewers who claim the size is itty bitty, I'd love to see where you go consume your seafood (so I can go eat where you eat). The bun was nicely toasted and there was little chunks of celery (maybe another root vegetable?) in the mixture of the lobster which I LOVED. It added a fresh taste to the seafood and I was a happy camper. The fries are pretty standard and taste like fresh cut ones - a little limp, but still pretty good.

I really enjoyed the place, but minus one star for the cleanliness of the place. I get it, it's the lunch rush and everyone is busy. However, the trash cans were over flowing with the little paper-plasticky containers the food came in, and it was spilling on the floors and there was dirty trays on tables. The tree-hugger part of me wants to suggest reusable containers, but I don't know if it's plausible with how small the area is in this place. 

I still like this place and I'll definitely come back for more of their seafood offerings.笑
the decor is really hip with fish painting on the wall. I ordered the signature soft shell crab burger, which is literally a fried whole crab in a sandwich! It looked glorious.  I left full and satisfied, will defiantly come back!笑
I did not enjoy this place very much. Very little meat covered in a lot of fried batter. Bread was also a bit stale.笑
Despite some of the other reviews, I found the portion sizes to be quite large, however I can't say I really found the food to be that great. The only things I finished was my coleslaw and my keylime pie. I tried the chowder but was quite turned off by its colour - it was a greyish/green colour. It had a slight kick to it which was nice and it came with oyster crackers that added a nice texture to the soup. I also had the softshell crab sandwich. I'm absolutely willing to admit this wasn't their fault, but softshell crab is just not my thing I guess. Plus I saw it being prepared and when they slid it out of the plastic baggie from the fridge to the fryer it kind of turned me a bit. The fries were good - standard - and lots of them! 

I'd be back for the pie. It was delicious.笑
MMMM. FOTB has been making a splash around Toronto with presence at the Front Street Market, its Queen street location, its UberEats presence, and also at CNE.

I tried the "Frisco Fries" at Front Street Market, which consists of fries with garlic aioli topped with fresh snow crab and parsley. It's AIGGHHHT...like, I won't go craving it, especially NOT at these kind of prices, and while the crab looks impressive on top of the fries, my mind goes flashing back to those AYCE places with crab legs, and I realize how this sprinkling of crab meat is not really that special.

I had to get my hands on the coveted soft-shell crab burger, which is only served at their restaurant. For $16, you get an entire crab, deep fried, and popped on a burger bun, served on a bed of fries and side of slaw. MMMmmmm!!! Perfectly crispy, so there's no fighting with the shell. Delicious with whatever sauce they slathered it in. This burger is why I'd come back again. 

The restaurant also has great decor cues - thick ropes, chalkboard, industrial chic - if you manage to grab a seat, it's a nice sit-in experience.笑
I arrived at Fresh off the Boat with one other person near opening time at 11 am. The restaurant was pleasantly empty, which allowed us to order and get out food quickly.

I got the FOB, which is an Asian inspired po boy in a bahn mi bun with catfish and a burned aioli. (The aioli was advertised as extremely spicy, but I didn't even find it that spicy, and I'm not used to spicy foods) The FOB had really crispy and well seasoned catfish and (a little overboard on the salt) fries.

I was also able to try some shell crab sandwich, and it was slightly disappointing. It had a strange sweet taste but still had a good crunchy taste. 

Worth noting they have free lemon water if you didn't want to buy a drink.

Overall the meal was $11.99, and it was decent. A bit overhyped, but they gave tons of food in the sandwich and loads of salt laden fries. Recommend trying the FOB but not their signature soft shell crab sandwich.

3/5笑
The decor is very cute. This restaurant is hipster. The restaurant is quite small so you may have to share a table with someone else.

The menu is simple and not overwhelming. I had a grilled mahi mahi sandwich. Each meal comes with cole slaw and fries. I really like the cole slaw. I'm normally not a cole slaw person, but the cole slaw here is not overly drenched in dressing, which is nice. The mahi mahi sandwich tasted ok. It wasn't spectacular, but decent.

The price here is mid ranged. The sandwich was 13.95$.笑
I'm not going to hype this place up and tell you it's the newest and hottest place to go for seafood sandwiches...because it really isn't.

It was okay and nothing special.

The place is way too small with hardly any seats. For some weird reason, it's always packed with people. The orders didn't come as fast as I wanted it to be. Service wasn't all the great. Tables were a really messy. Food was okay and a little overpriced in my opinion.

I ordered the softshell crab sandwich. It came out to about $18. It was okay, missing some sauce or flavour. I don't really know what it is but it's missing a little kick. Plus, it was awkward and very messy to eat. The salad was pretty good. Fries were...fries. Nothing much to say about that.

Then I got the FOB. I don't understand why this is their special because it sucks. The bread was...tasteless. I don't like the bread that they used at all. The fish was good though, and I think it's better than the softshell crab. It's just that, those damn bread ruined it. 

It was okay overall.  I would suggest going next door to Banh mi Boys for a Banh mi instead of getting the FOB. Just saying.笑
I ordered the lobster roll and soft shell crab sandwich during dinner time. I also upgraded one of the fries to the frisco fries, which are fried with garlic aioli topped with fresh snow crab and parsley. The frisco fries were really good and flavourful, but I wish there was more sauce. The upgrade cost was also pretty hefty, but I thought it was alright because of the fresh snow crab.

I liked the lobster roll more than the soft shell crab sandwich. The lobster roll was toasted with butter and was very savoury; the lobster was fresh and seasoned well. The soft shell crab sandwich, on the other hand, was fried and accompanied with mayo. The taste kind of got lost with the fried. 

As part of the combo, the meals came with a small amount of broccoli house slaw; it was really good and very refreshing and cleanses the palette. The broccoli was also a nice touch.

Overall, the food was good - but I found it a little pricey based on the portion. It was a bit on the small side.笑
I usually never write bad reviews, but if the food and/or service is that bad, then I wouldn't want someone else to share the same experience. After all, what is a good place to dine without good food? This was such a spectacular disappointment, considering I came here before and thought it was amazing the first time for me to come back again. We ordered three items today: 1) Lobster Roll ($14.95 - used to be $13.95); 2) Grilled Halibut Salad ($14.95 - more expensive fish option to the Swordfish/Catfish/Mahi Mahi) and 3) Fresco Fries ($9.00). #1 - the Lobster Roll increased in price to $14.95 while the menus still reflected $13.95. When I asked the blonde chick doing cash if it went up in price, she said "No." Then I pointed to the $13.95 price and proceeded to ask her if it was still $13.95, as listed. She finally answered, "No, it's now $14.95." How hard was it answer a Yes/No question? Not only did it go up in price, but the entire roll shrunk in size with a lot less lobster than the last time I had it. #2 - the Halibut Salad is the worst fish salad I've ever had. The fish was so dry and chewy you can't even taste what you're eating, never mind the type of fish you're ingesting, considering this was the more expensive, supposedly higher quality Halibut option. It was also so salty you wouldn't even need dressing on the salad and it would still taste too salty. You literally cannot taste anything except the giant blobs of salty sauce they slap on top of the fish. #3 - the Fresco Fries were also extremely salty, you cannot even taste the supposed snow crab that is so blended and mushy to begin with that, you are essentially dousing your stomach with copious amounts of pure sodium and the tiny portions of what they call seafood here. To say the very least, we will not be coming back. Ever again. Such a sad disappoint FOB. You can do better.笑
Me and my friend were craving lobster rolls in the summer so I did some research and found Fresh Off The Boat. 

Service: The female cashing us out at the front was nice and answered whatever questions we had about the menu. 

Ambience: The decor makes sense for the type of restaurant it is. I liked the wall of sriacha. There were about 6 other people in the restaurant when we arrived. We had to wait about 10-15 mins for seats. 

Food: We both ordered what we originally came for: the lobster roll ($15). We upgraded the fries that usually come with the roll to fresco fries ($9). The portion of the roll for the price was smaller than I liked, but those fries are something I'd definitely come back for! The roll was toasted and buttered well, it didn't taste greasy. There could've been more sauce used with the lobster but overall, it was a decent lobster roll.  

Price: For the portions we both got, we both agreed that it was pretty pricey. We both paid almost $30 for our meals each. For the size of the lobster roll you're getting, it's not really worth it.

Again, I'd most definitely come back for the Frisco fries, or to try one of the other sandwiches.笑
Picked this up for lunch today. I got the lobster roll and upgraded the fries. The roll was small but good taste, for the same price you can find better at Rock lobster. The fries have mayo type sauce and crab that is similar to pork floss. Over all it was pretty tasty they may just need bigger buns!笑
Love the idea of this place but probably ordered the wrong thing. Ordered Halibut with vinaigrette kale salad - not enough dressing, under seasoned and dry fish. I'll try fish and chips next time but healthy options don't need to taste bad.笑
The soft crab is great for pictures but I didn't like the taste. It's too dry and you basically taste oil and nothing else. I don't know if it was a mistake or not but the fries that came with it was soo salty! It's coming from a person who puts salt on mcdonald fries! 

However, the coleslaw was the best I ever had!! It is compelety outstanding! All my three points goes to this!

Final Thougts:
* Definately would not recommend the soft shell crab unless you want to see how cool it looks! :P 

*  Its not worth it for being the most expensive dish on the menu. Even though its about $17, it won't fill you up if you are an average eater.笑
Had lobster roll here as a safe choice but I'd recommend try the other exotic sandwiches. Food is definitely fresh and service is very fast. The place gets busy but you can always take it to go (everything is served ready to go anyway).笑
OMG these guys can do no wrong. Visited at least 4 times in the past 6 months (only bc we live far away)No complaints, food is consistently tasty, fresh and we'll prepared. Their menu is limited, which allows them to execute their offerings flawlessly. I highly recommend the Lobster sandwich & soft shell crab sandwich. The atmosphere is so comfortable, love the music. Words cannot express how much I feel about this place.笑
Grabbed take out with a friend. Ordered both the Softshell Crab and the Lobster Roll. The Lobster Roll was good but a little light in flavour for my palette. The Softshell Crab was our favourite of the two, it's a while crab deep fried and then sandwiched between two buns. It's got a nice crunch and a little bit of a zing flavour. 

It's a pretty small shop so it worked out that we had take out instead of dine in.笑
I usually shy away from shellfish but I decided to give it a try while in the area.

We ordered the FOB and the soft shell crab sandwiches to go. I was quite surprised by the juiciness of the soft shell crab when I took my first bite! Even for a non-shellfish fan, I devoured this quickly. 

The FOB was actually messier to eat but the kimchi in the FOB gave it a kick that you don't expect with each bite. I would definitely recommend this for anyone trying FOTB since it's one of the more unique items on the menu.

Overall, not a bad choice but definitely better options out there that aren't as pricey.笑
I like this place! The decor is trendy, the music is funky, and the food is good. I've been twice now, and it's a solid lunch spot between shopping on Queen West to sit and chat with a friend.笑
3.5 stars!!!

We saw this place last night as we were walking on Queen Street West. It was bustling with people and it smelt so good that we decided to try it out for dinner tonight. Little did we know that the restaurant officially opened at 12pm today. Last night was their opening night!

This is a super cute fast food dive with a cool urban hipster feel. The first thing I noticed were the cool lights that they had which were made to look like chandeliers, but with ropes. It's a small place with only two tables, 8 seats and a bar stool area which seats about 5 people. They played awesome old school hip hop music, which I really enjoyed.

My boyfriend and I ordered their famous softshell crab sandwich that came with fries and a house broccoli slaw ($15.95) and lobster roll with fresh atlantic lobster, fries, and broccoli slaw ($13.95). There were other types of fish on the menu as well. We waited less than 10 minutes for our food and saw it made fresh on the spot. 

The softshell crab tasted fresh and crispy on it's own. As a sandwich, it had a sweet and savoy taste. I think the bun on it's own would have been awesome, but as a sandwich, the bun and sauce kinda drowned out the softshell crab flavour. I give this a B.

The lobster roll had a lot of meat (which is awesome) and very light mayo flavouring, which allowed me to taste the freshness of the lobster. I give this roll a B.

Now, what I want to RAVE about is their broccoli slaw! This is the first time I have ever had a broccoli slaw before and it was absolutely the BEST thing I tasted at this place! It was light, but with a lot of flavour and different ingredients such as raisins, onions, pine nuts (i think) and carrots. It was amazing and I would definitely go back just to buy this! A+

The portions aren't the biggest, but my boyfriend and I found ourselves to be full at the end of our meal. The price is reasonable. Perhaps a bit pricier than most fast food places, but they are also specialized in seafood, which is expensive. BTW: They only accept CASH at the moment. 

Overall, I think this place is worth a try! This is their first day and there were a lot of people there. I would recommend take out as it's hard to get a seat there.笑
I wanted to go to FOB for a while and I finally did today! The decor was really cute and I love that the menu is unlike any other fish and chips or burger joint in Toronto.The joint was small and full of people - but then again, that must say a lot about their food! I ended up trying the Mediterranean shrimp sandwich. I find that a lot of times with seafood sandwiches, there tends to be way too much filling and it all falls out as you try to eat them. However, the amount of filling is just right for the sandwich that I had. The flavours were all there and there was just the right amount of heat. Fries tasted really fresh. As for the broccoli house slaw, I just wish I was given more slaw to balance out the fries and the heat from the shrimp sandwich. Judging from the photos on Yelp and seeing them in real life, I kinda wish I got the soft shell crab sandwich or the lobster rolls - they looked really bomb! I'll definitely try them out next time though!笑
This restaurant has a cool idea and decor (considering how small the seating area is) but its just not executed right. We walked in and werent even greeted by the workers even though they made eye contact with us for a good 5 seconds.

For starters the music they play is just not right. Hiphop and rnb just does not go well with the vibe this place is trying give. The staff is obviously in charge of the playlist and its clear they play songs that appeal to them and not the business or customer.

Second, the menu design is very generic and does not generate a reaction. Same with the food, when it was brought to our table it didnt make us situp and/or take notice. Portions were small considering we payed nearly $40 for 2 meals (sandwiches plus fries)

The food itself was nothing special. I asked for non greasy they recommended grilled so I ordered that and mentioned they go easy on the sauce yet still my sandwich was leaking nonstop. It also made me feel nauseas. The fries were literally drenched in grease and the oil was glistening under the light just yuck.

In a nutshell its overpriced and overrated. It gets 2 stars and not one because I'm actually fond of their decor. Everything else needs an overhaul. 

Wont be going back again.笑
Fresh off the Boat is a favourite of ours. We always get the lobster roll since its irresistible. Just the perfect amount of seasoning so that it doesn't mask the natural flavour of lobster. The buttered bun enhances the flavour and contrasts with the cold lobster. The coleslaw is average but nice to munch on while you're in between bites. 

We subbed our fries for frisco fries, which is about 5-6$ extra, but a full order is 9$. They added a water dispenser near the condiments and utensils so customers can grab a glass of water if they don't want any soft drinks. I think this was a great idea!笑
Meh. I think this place is hyped up. My friend and I came here after work after seeing all the pictures and reviews. We are big seafood lovers so we were very excited. But mehhh it was a let down for us. 
The place is small and only has 3 tables or so, but it had a nice and cute vibe. 
For the soft shell crab burgers - it was bland and there was too much bun and batter. The actual size of the crab was tiny, it just looked big because of the thick bland batter. 
We got the lobster roll as well, and it wasn't too bad compared to the crab burger, but again, not mind blowing. 
Thoroughly a disappointing experience for my friend and me.笑
The store has limited seating with 2-3 bench tables. I ordered the lobster roll with the fries. The lobster was really fresh, but I felt that the fries was a bit too oily and overpowering in flavour. Maybe ordering a side salad would have been a good balance if you're getting the lobster. The salad with fish was a-ok, but it was nothing special. What really bugged me was the small plastic cups they gave you for water. The cups were so small that you had to get up and refill your cup every 2-3 sips.笑
Okay place to grab some fresh seafood. I'm not sure what the hype is all about though. Maybe the novelty of eating a whole soft shell crab?? We got the soft shell crab burger and it was just okay. It was a little messy to eat. We also ordered the lobster roll with coleslaw both of which were pretty good. My only gripe is that the lobster roll was way too small for the price. Service was very friendly and the place looked clean.笑
I have heard lots of nice comments about this place from my friends so i just want to try it out. 
It's unique place that offer seafood burger/wrap. Especially their soft self crab burger is Fresh Off The Boat signature. Seem like every one who comes here for the first time wants to try this. 
They deep fried the soft shell crab and the flour has spicy taste. I also have to mention the freshness from the crab is pretty awesome. The smell from deep fried coat and fresh crab smell made my mouth water. 
$15.95 include fresh cut french fries and coleslaw, for some people who might say it's expensive but I think it's reasonable price for what you can get. Only thing I don't like is my french fries-presentation was kinda bad . I don't require french fires must have good long shape but it's shouldn't look like I got leftovers :(
My friend had some thing with beef and kimchi in it. Speaking of which, the online menu doesn't include everything. I think FOTB might updated their menu. It's look good but the bread is little too soft. However, kimchi+marinate beef +jumbo shrimps (I think) all together is pretty good. He actually really like it. Btw, his french fries was better than mine =\.
For the food, I would say it's 5/5
For the service, since this is order and pay in front place, I don't know much but the staffs here are alright. 4/5
Most of people come here are 20ish-30ish ( Thursday afternoon), it was busy all the time but employees still cleaned up and refilled the free plastic cups + water whenever they can. 
Decoration is eye-catching, modern western style. From the pictures that I saw, i thought it would be bigger but there are only 22 seats ( yeah, I counted) so hope you can find a good spot to sit or just prepare you might have to take out your food and rat somewhere else.
In conclusion, this is good place to try it, beside the soft-shell crab, I will come back and try something else too!笑
A little pricey, but what do you expect? It's fresh seafood. They do it well - seasoned well and just the right amount of batter. I usually get the soft shell crab because there's very few places you can get that. The portion is pretty big plus it comes with thick cut fries and an awesome broccoli coleslaw.笑
Soft shell crab burger = juiciest burger ever! Fresh whole SS crab, crispy crunch batter.. A must for seafood luvers!! Portions are very generous笑
*I have had better soft shell crab in Asia (of course lol), there aren't many restaurants in Toronto that serve softshell crab so I definitely recommend this place if you never had it before. 

*Pass the frisco fries as I felt it was overpriced and the crab somehow tasted like dry pork floss.

-Lobster Rolls (Maine style served with fresh cut fries & broccoli house slaw) - $14.95: 
For $15 I thought the roll was a bit small, however in terms of taste, it's pretty much comparable to Rock Lobster. I felt the FOTB one had a stronger buttery undertone and bread was lightly toasted with butter, which was what Rock Lobster didn't have. However the lobster didn't feel as fresh and you are actually getting huge chunks of lobster meat at Rock Lobster, whereas FOTB was lacking in that. The fries were a bit limp and just your standard cut fries. I'm not a slaw girl but these were refreshing, not overly drenched in dressings and had a nice crunch to it with some sweetness from the raisins.

-Softshell crab sandwich (Our famous softshell crab sandwich served with fresh cut fries and broccoli house slaw) - $15.95: 
The softshell crab was perfectly crispy, lightly salted and not greasy at all. With that said, I felt there might have been too much batter and you couldn't really taste the crab meat, but the batter had some seasonings  so it wasn't bland at all. The spicy mayo sauce was delicious and added a nice spicy zing to the crab meat. The buns felt a bit greasy but still held up really well笑
The place is quaint and cute.  There's not tons of seating so it may not be ideal for a large group looking to dine in. However, they have some tables (about 5) and a counter that seats about 6. 

I passed by before and it was busy, but fortunately on this day it wasn't. That being said I waited about 7mins (not bad) for my meal.  I went with their famous soft-shell crab sandwich and was highly disappointed, especially given the cost of $18 after tax. There was nothing special about it; the crab was pretty meatless, there wasn't much flavor, and the sauce they put on the bun...unnoticeable. Although there were tomatoes and a leaf of romaine lettuce...the sandwich was just a bit mushy...not much texture (even with the fried crab).  Something like shredded romaine lettuce would have helped (provide texture). The meal came with a broccoli slaw (it was okay), which I tried adding to my sandwich to boost the the flavor and texture, but even that didn't help. The fries were fine...but I didn't pay $18 just to (partially) enjoy the fries. 

All that said...despite the 3.5 Yelp rating, I really wanted to try it for myself especially following my classmates recommendation. Guess I got that's out of my system!笑
Lobster roll was all shredded lobster.  No meaty pieces.  Very disappointing.  We had three orders and they were all the same.  Al K.笑
Oh man! What a treat! 
Of course I ordered the softshell crab sandwich, and obviously upgraded the fries to crab-i-fy (not a real term)!
It's an entire softshell crab deep-fried into the sandwich all delicious on great bun and trimmings. The fries with the crab on poutine style is just out of this world! 
It's not cheap lunch and be warned that you will not be productive at work all afternoon trying to digest I all (portion is huge) but oh so worthy indulgence笑
18$ for a sandwhich thats nothing to write home about . That sums up my one and only expereince here . Save yourself the trip and go to bahn mi boys two doors over.笑
Ordered the lobster roll combo, it was pretty good.  They also have a water jar on the side that you could get a cup of water.  That was very thoughtful!笑
Some people swear by this place, not me though. The food is pretty expensive for lunch and the portions are rather small. Underneath the batter though, lies the actual seafood. I got the soft-shell crab burger and wasn't a fan (should've tried the lobster roll). Over-battered and quite greasy. I did like the coleslaw and fries though.笑
Woohoo! I should stop by Queen and Spadina more often. Didn't realize there were all these small cute shops/restaurants around this area. I'm so glad my friends recommended this place or I should say I'm glad they saw it on blogTO. 

This is going to sound silly but the lighting of the place is amazing. I managed to take a few decent and 'artsy' photos while I was there. We were lucky when we went because it wasn't so crowded so less people = able to take better pics? 

The service was great! The people working there were extremely friendly, and the food tasted absolutely delicious. Managed to eat everything in my box when I ordered the lobster roll. 

The only thing is, it's not very green since once you're done eating you're throwing away the entire box. There's also a fork dispenser which I thought was interesting as a business. I guess it stops people from over using the forks.笑
My friend and I popped into this place as it was across the street from Burger Priest (where we were initially thinking to grab a bite). I'm so glad we did go in. It's a tiny little seafood joint, but it dishes up one of the best lobster rolls I've come across. It's served Maine style, which means cold, with fries and a broccoli slaw. It's actually a lot of food for under $15. I think this place will be a big hit once it warms up a bit, if it hasn't become one yet!
The only minus points are for the service. We weren't greeted right away, and the employees seemed more focused on their own conversations then trying to provide excellent service and ensure customers return again. The food will bring me back, but the service might keep people away... =/笑
Went here on a Sunday for a late lunch. It was a sweltering day and they didn't have air conditioning. Probably why they weren't busy at all, but the service was good. Tried the soft shell crab sandwich. It's overrated. Good portions but nothing spectacular. I will try their fish and chips next time.笑
The restaurant itself is small, not very much sitting space. They had a serve-yourself lemon water dispenser with beer cups, so that was nice to sip on while waiting for my food. The orders didn't take very long at all. It seems like most people get takeout vs. eat in.

I got the lobster roll and my bf got the soft shell crab sandwich. I liked both, but I liked mine better. They both came with fries and a small side of slaw.

The lobster roll consisted of lobster salad on a hot dog bun, but the kind where it's the top of a loaf of bread. Do you know what I'm talking about? (here's a picture of what i mean https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/236x/68/6c/1b/686c1b3f433d513b0d764011a40d4bb5.jpg).  I was surprised at the big chunks of lobster and delighted at the fresh lobster flavour. The bun was meh. Next time I would order it without the bun and just eat it like a lobster salad; I felt the bun actually took away from the goodness that was the lobster salad.

Soft shell crab sandwich was deep fried soft shell crab with regular burger toppings, in a burger bun. I liked the crispy aspect of it, but I wasn't super impressed by the flavour.

The fries were good, not anything to brag about. But the slaw was delicious.

Overall, I think the prices are reasonable considering the cost of the ingredients, and the lobster roll was actually quite filling. I definitely recommend trying out this place.笑
Dropped by for a lunch with a friend and fresh off the boat indeed lives up to the expectations! I ordered the FOB, (sidenote: i pointed to it on the menu and said fob, when someone was sitting in front of said menu. super awks), which was the catfish sandwich with "hot" aioli which comes with a side of fries and slaw for about $12-$13. Sandwich is a very good size and in the end I didn't even finish all of my fries because of how filling everything was. The sandwich was super bomb. First, the bread has a light crisp on the outside but soft on the inside. Much easier to eat than the typical bahn mi, which the FOB was based off of. This was also my first time trying catfish and I LOVED IT. Super fluffly/flaky with a perfectly crunchy batter that was well seasoned. The slaw that came with it helps to cut the greasiness of the fries and sandwich to make the meal feel more balanced. Although they advertise the aioli as "hot" its actually not spicy at all. I generally do not handle my spice well but I had no issues with it. In fact I thought the aioli was the perfect thing to really bring the entire sandwich together. Two thumbs up! Shall try the fresco fries on my next visit!

Also, if you don't want to drop a few bucks on drinks they have plastic cups and water (w/lemon!!) on the side!笑
Overbreaded fish , ok fries . Maybe I  was really expecting more and was disappointed . I didn't like the sauce in the breading at all . I feel like they took a classic and tried to hard to make it different. The fish wasn't fresh tasting and my friend found a bone in her fish . The one goond thing I can say was they got it right with portion sizes however they really need to improve on taste. We ended up throwing out the meal. Hey at least I can say I've been there , will I go back heck no!!笑
Ordered the soft shell crab and lobster roll. Quite disappointed. Had to say Lobster roll was really fishy and unflavoured, soft shell crab burger was heavily battered on an unprepared crab... seems like it got slapped on the batter and get deep fried, with a combination of the soggy fries -  all I have to say is disappointed and overpriced.笑
This place is pretty pricey for what you get.  Hard to find seating with only 3 tables. Got  the Haddock and fries $19.00.  Fries were good (they gave too little) but the fish itself is bland and didn't stand out.  Portion is on smaller side.笑
fobs are so in right now! 

the FOB sandwich is a battered catfish with kimchi and "burned" aoili (i couldn't taste tell what that meant). they call it a banh mi po boy -- sure. they also warned it was spicy and not for the faint of heart -- i couldn't distinguish much heat, though the batter was heavily spiced (perhaps too much so). the bread was so good! instead of one massive piece of battered fish, it was multiple pieces, all standing at attention in the boat. it was hard to bite into without the fishies falling overboard. served with fries and tiny serving of broccoli slaw.

the SOFTSHELL CRAB SANDWICH sounded much better than executed. the mayo and tomato provided good moisture to the burger except it ended up soaking through the crab batter, so between the softened batter and the soft shell of the crab, you couldn't really tell what you were eating. it came with an egg bun which held up to the moisture but was too dense for the sandwich and filled you up way too quickly. served with fries.

at this point the aoili/mayo was making everything taste the same so the broccoli slaw gives you really nice hits of freshness. there's none of that nasty raw broccoli taste, and even some raisins thrown in for max flavour and texture contrast. nice.

we didn't end there however, the FRISCO fries sounded too good to pass up (crab minus shell?? why the hell not!) so when initially placed our order, we upgraded one of the fries to this for an additional $5.45 or so (on it's own would be $9). ultra shredded snow crab, aoili, dill, and parsley atop fries. beautifully presented, effective stretching of crab meat, and really nice cut of herbiness with the dill and parsley. but AGAIN - that aoili. everything. tasted. the same. 

clever idea to mash up of asian/maritimes fusion but it fell a little bit short. lots of kitschy nautical decor everywhere. i really appreciated the typography/calligraphy on the menu wall. 

tip: if you plan on sharing a bunch of items, make sure there's enough variation and that they don't all have the same kind of sauce. OR just come for the frisco fries笑
Fresh Off The Boat left much to be desired. I was so excited to try their "Instagramable" soft shell crab only to realize that it is just a hype over how it looks in a photo. I Instagramed it myself before I took a bite into a greasy over fried battered crab slathered with an aioli which added more to the grease factor. The bun was mediocre, there was nothing that could save me from all the grease but a tiny bit of broccoli coleslaw that came in a condiment container on the side...on the side of delicious fries. The fries and music were on point. 

Bonus point: The soft shell crab was fresh :)

Note: I tried a bite of my friend's surf and turf sandwich, the FU-SCHNICKEN.  It was a delicious combination of Korean beef and shrimp with the lots of complimentary flavors. If I were to go again, I'd get that instead or maybe try the seafood chowder.笑
I was so excited when this place opened up. It looked so promising but I would have to say that right now it's just average. This is what I've tried so far:
Soft Shell Crab Sandwich - 2/5 I couldn't really taste the crab...all I knew was that I was biting into a greasy deep fried something.
Fish & Chips - 3.5/5 Pretty good. A little dry but I think this was better than One that Got Away
Lobster Roll - 4/5 I enjoyed this. I wish there was a bit more sauce on it though. Better than Rock Lobster's.
FOB Po-Boy - 1/5 I tried this on the 2nd day of opening so it could've been a one-off. But, the bun was so tough. There was barely an opening for the fish. The fish was  awkwardly kind of jammed in....it felt like I was eating a bun with some deep fried fish pieces on the side. The taste was awkward. This was not a good sandwich at all笑
I finally got around to trying this place! We ordered the lobster roll and softshell crab sandwich with frisco fries.

I feel like the softshell crab is overhyped- it didn't taste that great (all fried). It was enormous (a good thing because it cost $15.95, but a bad thing if you're not hungry). I preferred the lobster roll ($14.95, and A LOT smaller than the softshell crab) as it tasted fresh and was not too buttery. The frisco fries were delicious. 

I wish I was more hungry when I came. It was also a very hot day and they didn't have their AC on, making it extremely uncomfortable.笑
i like their graphics and interior
but food isn't special.


i went to here with my two of girl friends. they also felt not enough for portion and nothing special for the taste.笑
I've been wanting to try this place out for a while but I haven't been in the area or have had the time. Small little restaurant maybe three tables, there was three people working and they were all very friendly. 

So the sandwich itself was made fresh and quickly. Now if you are a quick eater the crab would've stayed crispy and nice. However I had a lot of lettuce on my sandwich so I had to fight through that. It got soggy rather quickly but still had some really great flavours. My meal was the sandwich, fries and a drink came to $20 flat. Now do I think it was worth that much? Probably not, maybe $16 at best. 

My girlfriend had the lobster roll with the frisco fries. If it wasn't for the lady at the counter my friend would've over spent. Thankfully she informed my friend that she can upgrade her fries and it would be cheaper. Her bill was $23, I've had better lobster rolls for cheaper. It seemed like more bread than filling. The fries, once you finished the top layer there wasn't any snow crab left. If it was my I would mix it throughout the whole serving. 

Also the fries stated in the menu that they were seasoned. They tasted like plain fries to me. Maybe just had a little salt on them.

Personal rating : 3/5 - that wonderful lady made the experience for me笑
I tried the Lobster Roll & Frisco Fries and I really liked the lobster roll but the bread was dry in parts and not buttered evenly - which is why part of it was dry. My friends were not fans of the roll but liked the frisco fries. I did not like the frisco fries - too oily and could barely taste the crab since it was so fine - I guess that's why they call it "snow" crab. I also found the prices on the higher end, specially since I was not a fan of the fries. I rather just get good chips on the side and drop the price of the lobster roll from $14.95 to $12.95. But if I were in the area and craving seafood, I would go back.笑
Love the lobster roll. But the bun part was a bit on the small side. The broccoli slaw was a nice touch to balance out the meal. The fries was just okay.笑
Settled for the seafood chowder - it was the only thing available under 15 dollars on a Saturday afternoon. 

Fish tacos are so popular nowadays - if you have them on the menu - they should be available!!. Classic move...   Maybe indicative of a bigger nickel dime climate here, unfortunately. 

Let's be clear - You can't have the most accessible item on your menu literally scratched out with pen on the menu on a Saturday afternoon. This forces the customer to look at the more expensive options.... Bad

Way too expensive... Even at a great location. 

Chowder was good...:)笑
Tried this through ubereats and it's overpriced. My 'frisco fries' were crispy but there was probably less than 5 grams worth of crab on them. Just a ton of fries. They advertise it as 'mounds' of crab and the picture was very deceiving. Broccoli slaw is $2 each for portions that come in small sauce containers. Taste is decent, but I wouldn't say it's worth it.笑
I gave them OK cause it is fresh.  but I've had better for taste...so 1 star less for taste!

I asked them what their most popular dishes were...the lobster roll and their signature dish is  the soft shell crab sandwich.   it looks very impressive when you get it.  Whole crab deep fried with sauce, lettuce but taste wise it's nothing special.  I think it could use a makeover in flavour...I'd rather have soft shell crab maki rolls over this.    
It is fresh so watch out, the first few bites can burn as the juices burst out.  I think if you just like the taste of the crab and then it would be a winner but I found it bland.  There was a sauce on it but it disappeared in to the batter so you couldn't taste it. 
    
Fries were only so-so ...oil was getting old.  The slaw was tasty.  
I might go back to try their lobster roll. The people next to me had it.  I'm not sure if I am convinced since you're paying $20 for a sandwich笑
Definitely on the pricey side. Came by with my sister and cousin after taking a break from pokehunting. We ordered:

- three lobster roll
- three frisco fries
- three st. pellegrino 

Total: $76. While the food is definitely delicious, it was absolutely pricey. Not saying that it's not worth it but save it for a special occasion. We really enjoyed the chunks of lobster between the super buttery roll, the delicious coleslaw (minus the raisins though) and the huge portion of frisco fries with a ton of snow crab on it. Perhaps share the frisco fries with someone because we couldn't finish our fries.

They were closed when we came by but still served us (thank you!) and the owner's mom sat down and chatted with us for a bit. Super sweet lady!

Would come back but probably won't be balling out like the first time.笑
I had my very first lobster sandwich here and I absolutely loved it. It was very fresh and delicious! The staff was incredibly friendly and they took their time explaining the menu for us which was very helpful since it was our very first time there! 
The decor of the place was beautiful and very welcoming. Overall, I totally recommend this place!笑
Very small lobster roll. Other than that, flavors were good and lobster was fresh.笑
I came here on a weekday during prime time, all the tables were full so you had to wait a bit for a table and as well, for the food. I had half a soft shell crab sandwich and half of a lobster roll plus fries and coleslaw, this filled me up fairly quickly. The food is good but i wouldn't say spectacular. The soft shell crab was overpowered by batter, and the lobster flavour fell short. it's a little pricy as well, for the two sandwiches and a drink, it cost over $35. It's not something readily available in Toronto which is why i see the hype for it.笑
Came here around 12:45 for lunch today because Banh Mi Boys down the road had a huge lineup. This was my second time, I had the lobster roll last time ($14.95) which was definitely worth it, even if it was kind of expensive (lots of lobster). This time I had the soft shell crab sandwich ($15.95) which was huge (and messy since the crab is dangling out from the bun) and pretty tasty. Both were really good but I personally prefer the lobster roll, as it has more of a "seafood" taste. Pricey but definitely worth the splurge every once in awhile!笑
Tried the lobster roll and soft shell crab burger.  The former was okay, nothing special, but the soft shell crab burger? DELICIOUS!笑
A lot of hype has been brewing over this new spot.  It's a great location and almost impossible to miss, nestled between fast-food competitors banh mi boys and burger priest.  Fresh Off The boat aims at a quick-bite/take-out clientele; There's only space for 13 or so inside.

We tried the soft shell crab sandwich and "The Fob". The softshell crab is definitely a cool meal to look at.  They place the whole crab in a soft egg bun with a mayo/tartar sauce, lettuce and tomato.  Initially, I was afraid this would be overly salty and bready, but was pleasantly surprised.  Although you don't get a ton of meat in softshell crab, the bun was soft and moist and the lettuce and tomato are crisp and fresh enough to balance the heaviness of the crab.  "The Fob" is their take on a po'boy with fried cat fish and kimchi.  Again, the bread was fantastic and the kimchi was not overly sour so it did not overpower the fish.  The fish itself was done nicely, but a smaller portion and as a result was kind of drowned in the kimchi and bun.  Overall taste was still great.  All the sandwiches come with fries and a slightly sweet coleslaw, which I enjoyed.

Service is excellent.  We went in 30 minutes before closing and the staff was cheerful, friendly and casual, calling you when your order is up.  If possible, I'd give this place another half a star because of the service - almost aiming at a neighbourhood "know you by name" type of feel.

Fresh Off The Boat is basically an alternative to burger priest across it if you're feeling seafood.  It's a glutinous, fat filled meal (they do have healthier grilled options, but why bother?) that is clearly going to clog your arteries.  After my meal I was satisfied, but do not need to return for a while until the craving kicks in again.笑
This place is a fav go to of mine when the sun is shining and the highways are open. It's quite a trek to come downtown but I'll do it for a soft shell crab burger. 

No other place does it as well as FOB. And don't forget the sirracha!

Taking a star off because I'm really disappointed in their lobster roll. This used to be a decently sized roll and now it's just embarrassingly small and frugal. 

Green P parking available right around the back. And don't forget about the gelato next door. :)笑
I was in the area heading to a different spot when I passed FOTB. It was crowded...it shouldn't have been at that time of day, but things appeared to be hopping and after checking out their menu, I saw that they were pushing orders through quickly. The menu was good and I was in a hurry, so this was ON! If I wasn't in a hurry, I would have enjoyed sitting down and enjoying my food as the ambiance was cozy and relaxed.

I toyed with the idea of a lobster roll or crab sandwich, but got caught up with the write-up of the Fu-Schnicken. Korean beef + tiger shrimp + kimchi + 'bird' aioli. What the hell is a bird aioli; I should have asked, but it didn't turn me off. I'm guessing that it's a thai chili aioli, but if it's made from birds, so be it. The Fu-Schnicken was pretty tasty, but not awesome, and for $13, I was expecting more. FOTB is nice and what I've had is decent, but I don't look at this as a destination restaurant, but will happily eat here when in the area and peckish. I do want to try out the lobster and crab sandwiches and if chilly and in season, a bowl of chowder.笑
My co-workers and I came here after seeing the storefront for weeks, wondering what was going to be inside. I ordered the softshell crab because, well, softshell crab is tasty. This place was packed, but we were able to get our order to go in 10-15 minutes. The box that the sandwich comes in is too small to close.

The softshell crab itself was a little too soggy for my liking. The crab meat itself was good. As others have mentioned, I think the flavor of the sauce and the bun overpower the softshell crab, so it's much sweeter than I would have liked. I thought the price was a little steep for what you get.笑
We ordered a lobster roll and soft shell crab sandwich. The service was pretty quick but seating area is limited so if I come back next time, I will take out. The portion is good size and the seafood is fresh.笑
Came here on a Friday night and I was immediately impressed by the column of srirarcha sauce. Win.

There wasn't a huge line and we were lucky to find seating for two. We ordered the soft shell crab sandwich and lobster roll. And wow was I overwhelmed by the buttery smell of the lobster roll (in a good way!). 

The soft shell crab sandwich looks so epic. You can't go wrong with a whole crab fried and thrown between two buns. However, I'd personally prefer less breading. With every bite it was hard to tell what was crab and what was breading. 

On the latter order, the lobster roll is a must try and I will go back and swim in its butteriness any day. 

I'm on a see-food diet, y'all.笑
Tried the lobster roll and fried soft shell crab burger - (mains here cost ~$14-17)

Lobster roll - refreshing but a little bland, not enough flavour, popular dish here though

Soft shell crab burger - battered and fried soft shell crab in burger buns, sauce is good, remember to squeeze your lemon on the crab

Fries - not crispy enough
Frisco fries - extra $5 to upgrade combo to Frisco fries, basically snow crab shavings on fries with aioli sauce, not bad with the aioli but you won't taste much of the snow crab笑
I read on their website this was the best seafood in Toronto. What a very serious exaggeration. We ordered the grilled Halibut, the grilled swordfish, the Frisco fries and one ice tea and it came to $50. 
Bit pricey. But at the time I was cool with it, best seafood in Toronto has got to be a bit pricey, right?

The Halibut was so overcooked that I could not cut it with a knife. I could barely bite off a piece with my teeth. The swordfish was as dry as the Sahara desert. It tasted like fish flavoured Wheaties. 

The Frisco fries were also a disappointment. They were way too salty. The social media representation of the product is also widely inaccurate as the actual fries maintain only half the crab integrity that it's Instagram image flaunts. Also they serve it in a container within another container, seems a bit misleading. When I asked how big the portion was the girl working showed me the bigger box. She should have showed me the smaller box and then described the plot of the movie Inception while holding up the bigger box. 

The ice tea was ice tea.

Would not eat again.笑
3.5 stars.  I would come back to try their stuff but I got too much places to try to be tethered to one place.

I came here for the Softshell Crab Sandwich.  It's very interesting.  It's completely edible.  And fun to photograph.   And tasty.

Staff was great.  

Place wasn't that big so it's not very good for a large group.

Thank you笑
Lobster Roll and Crab Meat Fries Combo for $20 is not like a cheap eat from a take out pop set up by Fresh Off The Boat at Front Food Market, But I personally think it worth that price tag.

Eating my lobster roll as a sandwich was a little challenging as there were chunks of lobster from different part: tail, claw and body. I should not be complaining as there were a lot of "meat" and I love the buttery undertone. For the crab meat topped fries, I found it was just ok. I think I will order a full order of lobster roll next time and skip the fries.

Sadly there was only limited menu option at the pop up and I guess I have to go to the "real" location to try out their soft shell crab sandwich.笑
Had been meaning to try this place for a while, on my ever-long quest to try every lobster roll in Toronto. I heard this place was pretty popular, so I had called in to try and get a reservation - was told this place just operates on a first-come first serve basis, as it's actually a small place with just 2 large and 1 small table. Most customers seem to just swing by for take-out, or stand/sit by the stools against one of the walls.

Service was surprisingly quick, and the cashier and staff were friendly. There's a jug of lemon-infused water complimentary for customers off to the side. While a small place, the overall ambiance is nice, especially if you are able to secure the table by the large window (as we did). 

While the coleslaw that came with the "Lobster roll" was tasty (a mayo-ed mix of cabbage, carrots, red onion, and raisins), the roll itself was just mediocre. There were some decent chunks of lobster atop the roll, but other than some green onions sprinkled on, it seemed rather plan - could probably use more seasoning, sauce, or something...more.

Luckily, we also ordered the popular "Soft-Shell Crab Sandwich." This was fantastic - the bun was soft, and covered the tasty,crispy, and slightly spicy deep-fried crab. The lettuce and sauce helped bring out the flavour of the crab. 

Will probably come back for the Soft-Shell Crab sandwich, or to try the other fish sandwich options.笑
Came here for he first time after hearing about it from others. Ordered the soft shell crab sandwich. Menu selection is not that big but their items are very unique. Also considered getting the s wordfish catfish.笑
I ordered the soft shell crab sandwich and the bf ordered the fish and chips. I never had a deep fried soft shell crab before, so I cannot compare it to anything. But it was good, you can see the deep fried claws outside the bun but the body of the crab was kind of wet? Maybe it was the sauce. The fried that came with it was average and the slaw was good.

The bf really liked the fish and chips. It was well battered and the crust didn't come off when he cut into it. He gave it a 5/5. However less than an hr after the meal, he felt sick. It might be because of how sanitary the place was or whether the fish and chips had any dairy products...笑
This place has nice decor in the restaurant. It has very limited seating so I would recommend coming when it's not prime time. We ordered the soft shell crab burger which, in my opinion, is bit over priced. While the idea of a soft shell crab is fascinating, the flavour was did not reflect in its visual appeal. It pretty much tasted like a burger with fried flour, as the crab did not bring out enough flavour or texture for me to appreciate it. 

It's a cool burger on menu but that's about it. I can't speak for the rest of the menu, but the premium this restaurant charges for this burger leaves me retreating back to Joeys for its fantastic Ahi Tuna Club.笑
Greetings from Blogsters! Today we bring you to an Asian inspired urban seafood joint in downtown Toronto- Fresh Off The Boat !

Having done a bit of research before going, we learned that the Softshell Crab Burger is a must-try. We also ordered the Lobster Roll and the Grilled Swordfish.

Softshell Crab Burger
Janet's personal favorite
Initially what attracted us to the restaurant, this unique crabby burger looks so cute with legs sticking out in every directions. The soft shell crab was juicy and moist on the inside, and crunchy and crispy on the outside.  Served with fries and coleslaw, the deep fried soft shell crab burger meal was a good portion.

Lobster Roll
Joyce's personal favorite
Lobster salad served on a warm buttery bun with fries and coleslaw on the side. Although the lobster roll itself is a very small portion, it is packed with A LOT of lobster meat. The bun is slightly toasted on the outside and soft on the inside. The texture of the lobster is tender and fresh with just the right amount of seasoning and a rich buttery flavor. This reminded Janet of the Mc.Lobster she had earlier in PEI McDonalds with a better bun.

Grilled Swordfish 
(No longer on the menu)
We wanted to order a fish dish but did not want something deep fried in the morning so we decided to go with the grilled swordfish. Seasoned with a sweet and sour sauce, it tasted a little too fishy for our liking. We have to admit the grilled swordfish was a little disappointing.


In general, FOTB is a nice restaurant if you are on the go.  Since seating is limited, you might be sharing a table with someone else.  The restaurant is full of marine decorations from lanterns, to ropes, to a floor-to-ceiling shelf filled with Sriracha bottles - certainly alot of things to look at while you are waiting for your food!笑
Ideally, I would like to give this place a 2.5. It definitely does not live up to the hype of the photos that are provided. It looks great, it tastes decent. We ordered the soft shell crab burger and the lobster roll. The soft shell crab burger ($16) was somehow both larger and smaller than I imagined. It was smaller in terms of what I've seen in photos; but it was large because it comes out of the bun, the bun only really contains its body with the legs hanging out - it's a weird illusion. Taste wise, I did appreciate it. I do like me some soft shell crab. It was delicious but it also wasn't stunning. The lobster roll ($15) was underwhelming if anything. The taste didn't pop. It wasn't tangy enough, and although it was fresh, it came off a little bland. The fries also weren't all that crispy but did fit well with the sandwiches/burgers. 

It's actually a little pricey for a "quick meal" so it definitely wouldn't be my go to. Once in a while, if I'm in that area and want soft shell crab and something fried, I would stop by, but I wouldn't make the effort to go here unless the craving was reaaaal strong.笑
Bun with shrimp n korean beef and kimchi wad very tasty. They were out of coleslaw so had the kale salad which was not as tasty ad coleslaw.
Friend had halibut n chips. Halibut was very good but fries were underwhelming.笑
The soft shell crab sandwich is THE way to go if it's you're first time at FOB. You get the entire crab nicely seasoned, battered, and deep fried to perfection with what looks like 2 hand fulls of fries!! You definitely will not still be hungry when you're done! I've also tried the clam chowder. It was a little salty but they come with oyster crackers (the best kind of eat with clam chowder) which off-set it nicely. I will be back to try to the lobster roll and FOB po'boy! 

I also really like that the menu is short (only 8 items), so you don't have to spend too much time deciding, which is great for those of us who are indecisive. There's limited seating so if you're going during lunch or dinner time it would probably be best to get take-out - unless you get lucky and snag yourself a seat and are able to eat the deliciousness that is the soft shell crab freshly fried. Although it is still good if you get it to go - the fries get soggy though but that's pretty much the case with anywhere.

There's a green p lot nearby in addition to street parking. Service is okay. You order at the counter and then take a seat or wait around if no seat is open. Once it's done they'll call your name and you go up and grab it.笑
I went on Saturday night. I thought it might be a restaurant but it's like a fast food place...I ordered soft shell crab burger and waited about 5minutes. When the first bite of the crab came into my mouth,the juice from the crab and the shell come together well. I'm so impressed by the taste. And the fries is crunchy and flavorful. I have to say the meals are totally overpriced and next time I'll try the lobster roll with big expectations.笑
The Softshell Crab Sandwich is now one of my favorite sandwiches! I have never tasted a sandwich that was so unique, different, and amazing to look at. The sauce complimented the overall sandwich and the batter in which the crab was cooked in was delicious. The bun could have been a bit bigger considering it fell apart as I was chowing down, but nbd. Also, the fries and coleslaw included was good.
The service was great and quick but I was the only person there at the time. Not really impressed in their variety of drinks they sell, but they do have complimentary drinking water in a fountain by the side with all the other cutlery and condiments. Might be really crowded when very busy since there are a limited number of seats. Overall, go try out the Softshell Crab Sandwich!笑
Came here because I really wanted to try the soft shell crab.  I'm not a big fan of crab in general, but a soft shell crab.  What is that??!  You can eat the shell?  Huh?

I came by one day but they were closed at 9 so off I went next door to banh mi boys.

Made a special point to come here to try the soft shell crab.  Here are the goods...

I ordered it and when they told me it was $18...I was like ?!?!?!

Got home and the sandwich was ok, fries were really hard as if it was fried again.  Broccoli slaw is not bad.

The mgr Rocky there set things right for the fries.

Would I come back here again?  Maybe, but not for the soft shell crab.  

It's nice but when one doesn't have $18 to drop on a meal...well...you get the picture.

I'd like to come back and try the lobster roll but I think I have to take out a loan first!笑
Quite disappointed with my meal at fresh off the boat.  Seems like they now skimp on a lot of lobster in the roll.  I was excited to visit as I saw pictures with actual chunks of lobster but the roll I received was nothing like the pictures on Yelp.  Felt like a bait and switch as the roll was mainly shredded lobster and Mayo and not even packed. All I could taste was mayo and no sweetness of lobster.  I wouldn't recommend the lobster roll  which costed $17and most definitely will not return.笑
Can't believe this place only has 3.5 stars on Yelp! You can't find better lobster roll and soft shell crab burger at the price Fresh Off the Boat offers! Unlike the other reviewer, I like their fries as well... crispy, fresh and definitively made from scratch (i.e. not from frozen fries). The service is very friendly and fast (I feel like I'm eating at my friend's parent's place). Since it's a small restaurant, you'd most likely end up sharing table with strangers but this is not a problem for me.笑
'Fresh Off The Boat' was one of my check-list for a while, especially catching a glimpse of their 'softshell crab' sandwich on a blog once...I got the chance to check it out, since its close by to my gf's parents place. There are some seats to sit in, but I did take out instead...

Its a nice simple menu with some grilled fish option, fish n chips, taco, lobster rolls etc., 

Lobster Roll ($13.95)- Maine style lobster served on a hot dog bun like w/ fries & broccoli slaw.
- one of the better lobster sandwiches I've had. Its not stingy at all for the meat, you'll see the claw sitting out, and chunks of lobster minced in between. Its light and tasty.
- Fries are not that bad as well.
- Broccoli slaw sounds interesting, but I didn't like the flavour and the slaw at all.

Softshell Crab ($15.95)- Deep fried softshell crab with a unique spiced creamed sauce. The sandwich really stood out well, and the sandwich was not that messy but fun to eat. Portion is good here. Again its served w/ fries and broccoli slaw.

Both items w/ taxes came to $34! While its a bit pricey for lunch and take-out, it is one of the better seafood take-out joint I've had. Definitely comparable to the 'Fish Market Sandwiches' up in College area...

I would come back and possibly stick with the same stuff or venture something new next time...=P笑
Why doesn't the Shrimp Sandwich get the much needed lovin' praise it deserves? Yeah the Lobster is great, the Soft Shell Crab is great, but let's just take a moment to recognize the how bouncy the shrimp is here. 
The sandwich comes filled with 4-5? juicy shrimp, topped with feta and other sorts of other delicious flavours- all nestled in a warm semi-toasted bun.. and then a tangy thick tomato sauce that binds all the flavours together. 
From frequent past experiences, I've come to the realization that I need to consume this hefty sandwich with a fork and knife- otherwise I leave here looking like I've (NSFW) earned my red wings.

I dig the homestyle cut fries (I've gone in and just ordered fries here multiple times), and I super dig the broccoli coleslaw here... my only complaint, not enough coleslaw!

An establishment who admires Sriracha as much as I do, is a win in my books.笑
Fresh off the boat is more like fresh off the truck. 
Soft shell crab is hard to come by especially since we in Toronto don't live anywhere near the ocean. From all the pictures posted, the soft shell crab sandwich looked very appealing but looks can be deceiving. There was no taste of crab at all. it was just pure batter. The meal comes with fries and a small serving of coleslaw for $15.95

I'm sure the other items on the menu are much better.

There service was really friendly and quick.笑
it's alright. got the lobster roll which was smaller than expected but nonetheless tasty. Coleslaw was good but again the quantity was a little disappointing. the fries were plentiful but didn't really stand out to me, and their ketchup was like American ketchup, a bit on the sour side. instead of having two big tables they should really have more small tables instead to accommodate seating笑
Had the softshell crab sandwich and it wasn't all that impressing as everyone here makes it out to be. Too much batter, not enough crab, and a minuscule side of salad which could have easily been incorporated into the sandwich. Not to mention it's on the expensive side ($18) and it took a long time to get yet the tomato and lettuce weren't even distributed evenly on the sandwich.笑
Really lackluster 'lobster roll' at Summer Fest...笑
Ordered the softshell crab and lobster roll. The lobster roll was light on the flavour, generous amount of lobster, was good but nothing special. The soft shell crab tasted amazing! Very crunchy, seasoned just right. I only had a bite and I know I will be ordering one next time.
Service was fast, it is a small store, no ac, take out might be a better idea.笑
I've come here on two different occasions, I have not been disappointed.
I like the service (although a bit slow, especially during line ups) not a lot of seating available...and their food. I really enjoyed all aspects of the food (from the fries to their coleslaw...) I love that they are able to accommodate different diets (grilled fish instead of fried).

I've had their lobster roll, soft shell crab sandwich, and their fob poboy.
The soft shell sandwich is messy, their lobster roll is the best I've had here in Toronto, and their poboy was all around yummy.

Portions are great to share, prices are a bit high but worth coming to when you don't want to be disappointed.笑
Didn't enjoy the crab sandwich much compared to their awesome Lobster roll. A must have dish!!!笑
I've had this place bookmarked when it was still on the boat. I've had this place bookmarked when I thought po'boy was an offensive term for a male child of dire financial situations. Yes, it's been on my list for a long time and I've been hunting for a soft shell crab sandwich for well over a decade. Together with my SO, I've been able to try multiple items and not just the sandwich. So here we go, let's dive in!

Soft shell crab sandwich: This sandwich is awe-inspiring. It's as big as my face and the crab's limbs are just sprawled outside the buttery buns in the most fantastic fashion. Taste-wise, good but not exceptional. I guess since I was looking forward to this for so long, I thought it'd blow my mind. Soft shell crab has a very unique and delicate flavour, but unfortunately it got lost in the batter. And while the batter was well-seasoned, and the sandwich was quite tasty, it just didn't wow me. 

The Fob: Great flavour combination with the fried catfish, the sauce, and the kimchi...when you can get all of it in your mouth. This submarine sandwich was a beast. Also note to others, catfish has a very fishy flavour that might be off putting to some. 

Lobster Roll: I'm gonna assume that the rolls at the pop-up shops are the same as the ones in store. Large, chunky bites of lobster with a buttery hint wrapped inside warm buns. This is probably my favourite item out of everything I tried and something I would order again (but at the restaurant since it's much cheaper)

Snow crab fries: Well fried fries with a mound of shredded snow crab and light sauce. It wasn't particularly memorable but I remember them tasting pretty good.

Overall, decent, tiny (emphasis on tiny) place for some greasy and crispy comfort food from the sea. Though it's not as amazing as I thought it would be, it's still a solid 4 star and I'd be glad to return. Fresh off the boat, landed in deep fried goodness.

(71/100) - 2016笑
Generally I dont write unless compelled to. Heard good things from friends so Checked it out. Went there for lunch, decor was nice, but lunch was not cheap. There was four of us and it came out to around $80. For some lunch sandwiches, mediocre fries and a can of pop, which was like $2 or something. Lobster roll and soft shell crab was pretty good, stay away from the fish and chips, the shrimp and beef was so so. We all kind of felt, not ripped off, but definitely not satisfied with the value/experience.  It wasnt bad, just not worth all the hype.笑
The prefer place for seafood lovers. Great quality for good price, can't beat it.笑
This is yet another novel spot along Queen St. to grab a bite while on a bar crawl or catching a break from shopping. What amounts to a glorified fish and chip shop, Fresh Off The Boat endeavors to bump up the usual menu with some more unusual offerings. I had the soft shell crab sandwich which comes with fries and Cole slaw. This is an iconic dish from the east cost of the US where it has legions of dedicated followers each spring when the crabs are in season. Since this restaurant is obviously using frozen crab, it's not quite the same treat, but it does give you the idea. Mine was tasty, as were the fries and the Cole slaw too. Next time I get the craving for deep fried fish, I'll try something different at this place.笑
Great tasting and well battered soft shell crab sandwiches served with slaw and fries. The soft shell crabs by itself without the condiments and other toppings are really tasty and very juicy , make sure you let it sit for a while , otherwise you will get a tongue burn from the delicious juices of the soft shell crab :-)笑
Had the Soft Shell Crab sandwich today. $16 is a bit pricy for my taste but definitely worth the price.  The sandwich is huge, enough for 2 people.  The sandwich taste gd but if the crab cook a little longer on the fryer than it would be perfect. The fries is ok. The shocker is the coleslaw, it is amazing.笑
I've heard some good things about this place and decided to find out what the hype was about. There were 3 tables and a couple of stools on the side for seating, but we were lucky enough to grab a table... Most people just grabbed their food and left. 

I got their soft shell crab burger which came with fries and broccoli slaw. I thought the batter on the crab was pretty heavy and I couldn't really taste the crab itself. The sauce in the burger had a little bit of kick, which I thought was unexpected and ramped up the flavour. The fries were good, slightly crispy. 

Curious about their lobster roll and may return to try it someday.笑
I tried Fresh off the Boat one day and was less than impressed.

I worked in the Area and made it a mission to try this place, Seafood how could you go wrong. Well they did. They order most of their supplies from GFS. The lobster roll was CLEARLY frozen at one point or another. Had the typical frozen moisture oozzzing from the mix reality. Fries were okay, but again fries are hard to make a mistake on.

For the price, they're are better options in the area especially so close to china town. 

$16 for a soggy, wet, ozzing lobster roll. No thank you, never again.笑
We went to eat at the Front Street Food Market and not the actual restaurant.

On their menu they only have lobster roll and snow crab fries available.  I was disappointed that they don't have the soft shell crab sandwich.  For $20 you will get both.  Starting off with the lobster roll.  Firstly it wasn't in a roll at all, just some toasted white bread.  The lobster "sandwich" is rather small but you do get large chucks of lobster claw meat.  Each serving is probably almost a claw.  You can judge whether it's worth the money or not.  The fries was good with lots of shredded crab meat and their own mayo sauce to top it off.  To be honest nothing special about it and after the meal, I was still kind of hungry.笑
I went to try this place because I heard amazing reviews. But it was okay, there was nothing special about the food. I tried the lobster roll and in my opinion it was plain, just lobster in a piece of bread, like I said before there was nothing special to it. Although I did really enjoy their coleslaw, but I was looking forward to the main dish which ended to be a slight disappointment. 

Would I return? Maybe to try a different item on the menu, I would not go out of my way to repurchase the lobster roll again.笑
Fresh Off the Boat is very much a small grab-and-go diner, with limited seating. Their menu is a hybrid of fast food and seafood; a twist on fish and chips. I got a soft shell crab burger ~$15 which came with fries (can't go wrong with that!) and a broccoli slaw (that had sunflower seeds, raisins, carrots, lemon in it). Their food is definitely memorable in flavour and is worth a try!笑
First time trying out this place. Ordered the softs shell crab burger since there were so many pictures from fellow yelpers. After trying the burger, it was a bit disappointing. The crunch factor of the soft shell crab was very good but there wasn't enough sauce added in the burger to blend with the deep fried crab. 
Pretty much it's just eating a very deep fried crab in a bun and personally it's too over powering with too much batter. The sauce could be more thick and stronger in taste to go hand in hand with the deep fried crab in the burger. 

The fries weren't that good neither. Fries were similar to food truck fries you would find on queen st in front of city hall. I had gotten takeout so perhaps the fries got a bit soggy from the steam inside the box but overall the fries weren't crunchy or seasoned very well. 

I'd try something else because one burger just won't mean anything.笑
The famous soft shell crab burger is pretty damn good
Except the buns could be better
Too big to bite on with my mouth!!
The lobster roll isn't bad but way too small
I can probably finish 2 of those myself
But the buns are good on the lobster roll
Funny笑
Excellent seafood! This is a very small place with very little seating but the food is great. I had a halibut sandwich which was exceptionally fresh and served with crunchy delicious slaw and great fries. Friendly service and fast. I plan to return often.笑
Just ordered delivery on UberEats for a lobster roll and it took a little over an hour to arrive..! Needless to say, the fries were terrible because they were soggy, tough, and cold. Thankfully, the lobster roll itself was fine. Definitely not the best I've had but they used fresh and relatively large chunks of lobster meat. The sauce was just ok - nothing special.. And the coleslaw had a lot of random pieces in it that were too hard to chew through? Not sure what it was but it was sharp..

For $15 + tax, it's unlikely I'd order this again, even if in store. And surely, I doubt I'll ever order food through UberEats again.笑
I visited this place last night, and I must say it was nothing short of amazing. Service was fast and the food was awesome. I ordered the lobster roll and was very pleased with the consistency of the filling. Most times people use too much mayo and pack it with veggies instead of lobster. My roll was packed with delicious lobster meat. I even was able to speak with the mother of the owner. She was walking around checking on everyone and stopped and chatted with me for a while. I'm hoping to try the soft shell crab before my trip ends.笑
I Loved this place!

Service was really friendly and the food was AMAZING. The perfect portion

I ordered a Lobster roll/fries/coleslaw and shared a small chowder

My boyfriend got a soft shell crab burger, I tried his and it was very very good.

The lobster was great, and a good serving of it. The roll was fresh and buttery

Soup was delicious and I enjoyed the coleslaw, fries were a good texture and decent amount.