Delicious, reasonably priced grilled cheese. You might think putting macaroni and cheese inside a grilled cheese sandwich would be excessive: you'd be wrong!

The only thing that keeps this from being a four star review is that there aren't even any possible veggie sides I can order to counteract my guilt about the delicious pulled pork and macaroni grilled cheese. But this is the life I chose!笑
One of my favorite spot for a fast, cheap, yummy (but not so healthy) lunch in the neighborhood. The first I ever tired was the Pulled Pork with Pasta grilled cheese and it remains to be my favorite, although Say Rib comes pretty close. They also have bottled coke which is another guilty pleasure of mine. 

One super minor complaint though, when the weather gets cold they shut the door and the inside gets really stuffy and REEKS of oil and grease (since they have an open kitchen). Your jacket will definitely smell like grease when you walk out.笑
Have come here 3 times already in the past 2 or 3 weeks, the pulled pork sandwich is truly amazing, and the side salad or potato chips is a nice addition.  The salad is a nice little baby green thing with oil/vinegar and the chips are thin rippled chips that are better than Lays/Ruffles.  They also carry glass bottled cokes, which are a bit expensive at $2 for 355mL but I really like the glass.  You don't get it every day.  

Getting take-out also works out very well, the salad comes in a styrofoam thing while the sandwich is in a thermal foil wrap, so everything was still perfect a half hour later when I got to eat it.  

Despite the amazing sandwiches, it costs a bit more than I would like to pay.  The entire meal is very well done but you would probably need two to feel a bit full.  The $6.50 regular price is a bit much, but if you can get it during the $4.20 deal or order one of the specials on the blackboard right beside the door which are $5 or $5.50, it'll mitigate your bill.  

I've seen them play Happy Gilmour and The Matrix on their TV which I liked.  Nostalgia-inducing.
The first time I went with a friend, they completely forgot his order until he went up to remind them about it, and made us late for class, so that coupled with the highish price makes me dock a star :(笑
Pulled pork macncheese very good..
I walked by many times, never gave it  much thought (not a great sign).  Quick and easy.  Interior is grim, white chairs terrible idea (dirty), you will stink of grease when you leave, poor ventilation-open kitchen.  Most importantly; good food!笑
Amazing! And can't wait to go back. I had the nacho libre and it was so good.  I wanna try everything on there menu :)笑
I love this place. I am still working my way through the menu, but so far I have not had a bad sandwich yet.  

It's cheap, fast and cheerful. They also have loyalty cards you can get stamped in order to 'earn' free sandwiches. 

If you're indecisive like I am, the best bet is to go with a friend, so you can each order something different and trade sandwich halves.  

It's located very close to both the ROM and the Bata Museum, so if you're looking for a decent but inexpensive lunch while visiting the city, this is a great bet.笑
Awesome Grill cheese sandwiches.  Very interesting flavorful experience that I've never had before.  So a welcome change from the typical burger joints out there!  Great experience, I would recommend people trying it you never know you could fall in love with it like I did.  When I'm in the area it is my go to eatery!笑
Very convenient place to get a snack or lunch if you're near the University of Toronto Campus. I think this place is terribly underrated and deserves far more attention. You can get a grilled cheese ranging from 3.50 to 7+. So far I've tried the pulled pork mac and cheese, the rib, and the roast beef, and they are all wonderful. It is also nice that there is a whole wheat option for those who want to pretend to be healthy :P . Also, there is a yelp check in offer for ANY free side, which I took advantage of. I got the potato salad, and I would suggest against it. The potato salad made by Ziggy's found in the grocery store is much yummier and less bland. But overall still a place I love to frequent!笑
We enjoyed this place.  From the outside, we were not sure it was going to be that great.  We were in somewhat of a hurry so we tried it.  I had the sandwich which included mac and cheese in the bread.  I was a bit confused when I got the sandwich as I actually thought it was going to be a pulled pork with the mac and cheese on the side.  The combo was fabulous though.

We got a "free" side from Yelp, but did not get to pick the side.  They only were giving potato salad.  We would have like to sample something else, but it was free....笑
I'm not goinf to say cheese because I'm not happy with the food here! This is one of the worst restaurants I've been to in my whole life. I came here with a bunch of friends, who didn't didn't like it either. Sandwichs were so gross. They all tasted weird and smell was so bad. Yeah they were cheap but they all tasted like what the prices suggested: Cheap!笑
Oh man... what a disappointment. I came in here because I needed some comfort food, but I just left more upset than I already was. 

First off, I should mention what I liked about this place. Their location is extremely convenient, they play all their shows off of Netflix, and there's comfy seating to go around. Oh, and the two guys behind the counter are friendly and really nice... now onto the stuff that really matters- the food. 

I ordered the Funghi Fixation and a side of mac and cheese. Should fix any bad day, right? Wrong. The Funghi Fixation was described as a mix of different mushrooms with brie cheese on the menu, but I only saw and tasted your run-of-the-mill button mushrooms- not a variety. On the bright side, the brie cheese did compliment it very nicely and the cracked black pepper was also a good touch. It added a nice depth of flavor. The bread was also crisp and buttery like a grilled cheese sandwich should be :) As for the mac and cheese... well, I didn't taste much cheese. The pasta was cooked well, but the cheese was watery and almost non-existent in flavor. It was like I was eating pasta with a flavorless cream sauce. Very underwhelming and disappointing. 

On top of all this, I paid $13 for a bottle of water, a pretty average button-mushroom grilled cheese sandwich, and a flavorless mac and (non-existent) cheese. I also waited an unreasonably long amount of time for my sandwich... about 15 minutes (customers who ordered after me were receiving their sandwiches long before I did). 

I think I expected a bit too much from this place, but I was pretty underwhelmed and disappointed by my experience here.笑
I went in here expecting to be blown away, especially with the great reviews here. However, I wasn't that impressed

The sandwich (pulled pork and cheese) was good, but it wasn't very filling. I even got a side mac and cheese (which tasted A LOT like PC brand mac and cheese, probably was) and I still was pretty hungry. For $10 and not being that full, I don't think the tastiness of the sandwich is particularly worth it.

Also, I just have to mention the restaurant in general. Not only did it look filthy but I have honestly never seen a restaurant where ALL the signs (I mean every single one) and everything on the wall are cut from construction paper and glued to bristol board. I felt I was sitting in a high school project fair. It just looked so cheap looking and it was beyond weird.

Overall, if they make their sandwiches bigger or lower their prices I would be more inclined to go back.笑
I was determined to get the FTR here. DETERMINED. Sadly, I missed out just by the skin of my teeth. I was pipped to the finish by a no-avatar review site! Boo!

Anyway! Say Cheese is on the site of my old favourite yoghurt shop, Mon Berrie. Gone are the frozen yoghurt, crepes, coffee, and bubble tea. Instead, the owner (and it is the same owner -- I recognise him!) has decided to take things in a completely new direction. Judging by the number of people that have been there both times I was there, this is a good move. I don't remember ever being in Mon Berrie and there being customers besides me/my group. The first day at Say Cheese, there were three tables and a couple of take out orders. Not jam packed, but definitely an improvement on the Mon Berrie ghost town.

The Sandwiches here are sandwiches with a capital 'S.' I had the garden vegetable, which is roasted red peppers pulverized until they resemble juicy, juicy tomatoes, grilled zucchini, brie and goats cheese. Simple but oh so delicious. Seriously, I would give up meat if I could just eat this sammich all day long.

Still, vegetables and brie might not be everyone's bag, and for those that want something a little more ... comforting, Say Cheese has a few options. My favourite? Pulled pork with mac and cheese, IN A SANDWICH. It's definitely carbocide (I only tried it because someone else ordered it, okay!) but it is so, so tasty. The sauce is a little strong so know that you're not going to come out of this with a sandwich that tastes independently of cheesy pasta and pulled pork. Think of it more as a BBQ mac and cheese with pulled pork sandwich. Definitely a lot of mingling with the flavours for this one.

It's not super expensive (six something, if I remember right), but there was a deal on when we went called the 420. I think anytime between 16:20 and 16:50 and you get your sandwich and a drink for $4.20. This would have been AWESOME had we not arrived there at 2pm (and were too hungry to walk back to work and come back at half four) but I will definitely keep it in mind for the next visit.

The staff here are nice, just in case that kind of thing is a make or break for you. Chatty and friendly. They even remembered my order when I went back two weeks later and couldn't remember what I had had! Service!

As an aside, in case you yoghurt fans were wondering, they are thinking of bringing back the yoghurt (they still have the machines) because people keep asking if they still serve it. The chick I talked to said it was something they were considering because there had been some interest. When I asked if that might be more of a summer thing, she said, yeah, there isn't a LOT of interest right now (still a notable amount) but they expect that the hot weather might be a good time for bringing it back... We shall see!笑
If you don't like grilled cheese, then I'm pretty sure we can't be friends. (Well, maybe we can, but I might be really wary of you and give you a lot of side-eye.)  So when three of my school chums and I heard that a new grilled cheese joint opened up just a stone's throw away from our building, we pretty much dropped everything and headed on over -- because the only thing better than a grilled cheese sandwich is bonding over a mutual love of cheese-on-bread with friends who can share the love. 

My Italian Classic was delicious: bufala mozzarella, tomato, and basil on toasty pressed brown bread. Sandwiches come with either chips or a salad, the latter of which consists of mixed greens  lightly dressed with vinaigrette. What I particularly enjoyed, however, was the side of macaroni and cheese I decided to add to my order at the last minute. See, there's only one more thing I love more than grilled cheese -- and that's macaroni and cheese. And Say Cheese definitely struck a chord with my cheese-loving (and possibly arterially-clogged) heart. What they serve up isn't fancy -- it's the simple stovetop mac I'd make at home - and it was quite good. I'm definitely going back tomorrow for more. 

One caveat, though -- the sandwiches are made to order, which means that the food takes a little longer to come out than at your typical grab n' go. But it's pretty well worth the wait, and fairly inexpensive, too, relative to the prices of food in the surrounding area. 

Say Cheese occupies the spot where Mon Berri frozen yogurt shop used to be, and the owner of Mon Berri is actually a partner in this new venture. The guys that work there are really nice, and I hope this new cafe works out far better than the frozen yogurt. 

They offer a special starting at 4:20 and goes until 4:50; a sandwich and side costs $4.20. I'd say more, but I'm pretty sure that speaks for itself. ;)笑
It was quick, it was delicious, and they were playing Hot Fuzz.  Check in on yelp and you'll get some potato salad to go with your food.  Do it.  

I'm only giving four stars because I wish that they had had different or more sides.  I don't really know what I wanted with my sandwich, but what they had on offer wasn't inspiring.  That said, I would totally go to this place again.  And it was great after the shoe museum when we wanted to grab something to eat and be on our way.笑
The food was okay, i ordered the one with mushroom in it and it taste a little bitter.  Not sure if it's the mushroom or the bread.  My boyfriend ordered the philly cheese steak and it's not a bad choice.  will probably revisit to try something else to give it another chance.  
the envt is smoky in there and therefore making my eyes watery.  hopefully they can do something about it.笑
I love cheese in all its forms, so I was excited to hear about this new gourmet grilled cheese place. Came by for lunch on a weekday and was a bit disappointed. It was good, but not great. 

First off -- yes, be warned that there is just 1 guy working (cashier, preparing food, and clearing tables) so it is slow and you can expect to wait ~10-15 mins. for your sandwich. No biggie. They have magazines and newspapers you can peruse plus they screen movies, on this occasion "The Bourne Identity". Atmosphere is simple and white with a little patio facing Bloor. Even on a super-hot day, it's probably better to sit outside with some breeze. I don't know if something is up with their A/C, but it was hot inside!! 

Now for the food: sandwiches can be made with Kraft cheese ($4.50), regular cheese ($6.50), and there was one more 'fancy' option that cost more. I had the Garden Vegetable which has roasted red peppers, grilled zucchini, and brie. You could also get it with goat cheese, but the guy working there informed me that it's not the usual tart, creamy goat cheese you might expect, but rather a milder and hard cheese. So I had the brie, which was oozy and delicious with the veggies. You can get white or whole-wheat bread and the sandwiches are made on a sandwich press. As a result, the bread is kinda mushed flat and not as crunchy and thick as I expected. It comes with a tiny side salad. I wish they gave you more! It was tasty, but I wasn't that full after and wished I had just made myself a grilled cheese sandwich at home. 

Maybe I will need to come back to try some of  their other options. But based on this visit, I would be more inclined to go to The Grilled Cheese in Kensington Market if I had a craving for comfort food.笑
Had a nice little lunch date here today. It was surprisingly not busy at 12:15pm, I was expecting a bit of a lunch crowd.

I tried a brie-pear-prosciutto grilled cheese. It was just OK. Hits the spot if you are craving a grilled cheese but wasn't crazy delicious or anything. Came to $6.33 with tax which is a bit pricey given the size is quite small, it's just like you made a grilled cheese at home and came with no sides.

Service was good and the sandwiches we ordered came out in 5 minutes or so.

I'd go back but I can't really rave about it too much!笑
Totally friendly service, decent atmosphere, very tasty simple food for a great price. Had the grilled cheese and bacon with pickles (that we asked for and were given free of charge). I'm still curious about the Bulgogi & Kimchi grilled cheese sandwich. I'll be going back again.笑
Right by the Bata Shoe Museum so it was a quick stop to eat. Quaint eatery. Had the Mac and cheese as a side with bottles cokes. Don't expect much from the sitting area but the sandwiches are really good.笑
It's almost impossible not to love Say Cheese. It's the combined effort of some former U of T students and people with backgrounds in fine dining. 

Almost everything is made in house.

They cater to folks of varying tastes, and for a very reasonable price. 

Go between 4:20 and 4:50 and get a heck of a deal on any item. 

This place offers food cooked by people who truly appreciate flavour combinations and finely crafted cuisine, yet it caters to a student customer base. 

It's rare to find both of those things married so naturally, but Say Cheese hits it home with ease. Go there and try it. You won't be disappointed.笑
Post class treat before jumping on the subway! Dining partner and I have been waiting a while to get out of class early to enjoy this place. 
I like the adoption of the old furnishings and the new additions make it a great little shop for a quick bite. 
The ordering system is very simple with a paper sheet with the orders and customizations making it "in theory" fool proof. Clearly it didn't survive through the completion of the order and the ended up changing my order to white bread =/. 
That aside the food combination for the nacho libre worked very well with the only not important issue being the fluidity of the middle.

Definitely going back again!笑
I love say cheese! They have so many options and you can either get a sandwhich that they've created or some up with your own concoction. We got the pulled pork mac and cheese grilled cheese. It was SO good, normally I would never put these three items together but I've been craving it ever since I ate it. The prices are well priced and it's a good fast food option when you arent really feeling a burger. I would definitely go back for more. The decor inside is super cute too, looks like an old diner.笑
Over 5 bucks for a pulled pork sandwich with cheese? I don't know. The sandwich itself is fine and dandy (good flavor and of course, cheeeez). But for the price, I just don't know. It's not high-end cuisine to merit the somewhat high price. However, that is a minor observation. Good place nonetheless!笑
My husband and I were disappointed after seeing this place on tv. The sandwiches didn't seem to be made the same as on tv and the place was dark. It was decent but maybe it's meant for students only. They've also gotten rid of the tomato soup :(笑
Once upon a time I was a university student.  Without giving you an exact number of how many years it's been, I will tell you that Gap wanted everyone in khakis, pagers weren't quite obsolete, and Mambo #5 was tearing up the charts.  So thankfully a lot has changed, but two things remain, and will always remain the same, about student life.  Number one:  students are broke.  Number two:  they are hungry.  Say Cheese is going to make many U of T students very happy. 

I haven't met a grilled cheese sandwich I didn't like, and I haven't met anyone that doesn't like a grilled cheese sandwich.  That might be why so many gourmet grilled cheese places are popping up these days, but it's a risky business.  The people have spoken and they want grilled cheese sammies...but they don't want to pay a lot for them.  After all, you can make a perfectly good one at home with white bread, and cheese that's more plastic than it is dairy.  And that's where Say Cheese comes in.  Nigel Koo, part owner and operator wants to satisfy stomachs without putting a dent in wallets.  He doesn't see why he can't serve up a high quality sandwich at a low(ish) cost and have customers walking out in a lactose induced ecstasy.

It was quiet when I arrived but word wasn't really out yet, and the boys were still experimenting in their test kitchen.  I was happy to be a guinea pig.  I asked to try their most popular meat and veggie options, and this is what followed.  

I started with Indira's Pulled Pork made with Beemster.  Diners can choose to have regular cheese, such as cheddar, on their sandwich ($6.50) or upgrade to a premium choice ($8.50). My creation came topped with homemade mac & cheese (fun!) on whole wheat bread.  I only ate half as I had more coming my way, but the sandwiches here are generous, and I had to pace myself.  The different textures paired nicely, but I would have liked it more had the meat been a touch saucier, or came with something in which to dip it.

Next, came the Italian Classic.  Not that I'm taking bets, but if you put Buffalo mozzarella on anything, I will eat it.  So I was pleased when they said one of their best meatless sellers was filled with the stuff.  I like a good Margharita pizza, and this was the sandwich version.  

As if that wasn't enough (and by all dietary standards, it was more than that) I was offered their dessert sandwich.  It didn't take a lot of prodding, and went something like this;

 Nigel:  You should try our dessert option. 

 Me:  Wow, I don't know.  I'm really stuffed.  Okay.

The French Grilled Toast is like a ménage a trois between a grilled cheese, some French toast, and a piece of cheesecake. It's good.  Scary good.  Filled with ricotta, mascarpone and a berry compote, the sandwich is then dusted with turbinado sugar, and drizzled with maple syrup.  As with French toast, this needed to be eaten with a knife and fork, which probably worked in my best interest as it stopped me from inhaling it.  I will be going back for this one.  As it is now, I think about it more than anyone should think about a sandwich.

So in total I ended up eating just a little bit more than a full sandwich thanks to the few bites I had of the French toast, and I was beyond full.  So much so, that I actually skipped dinner that night. Now by my calculations, that equals two meals for the price of one, and a low price at that. This bodes well for hungry students up to their necks in debt.  

Footnote:  During the week, for a mere thirty minutes between 4:20 and 4:50 you can get yourself a sandwich and side (including soup, salad and possible ramen...) for just $4.20.笑
Have you ever sat in a grilled cheese joint alone and watched Breaking Bad with the owner while eating your fave comfort food? No? You have yet to live.

This place was a pleasant surprise, and I shall return.

A cornucopia of tasty cheese sammies and some seriously adorable decor? Get here. Go on. Do it. Oh, and get the bacon and cheddar on white. If you're eating GC why bother with whole wheat? You know it's bad for you. So get it while it's hot and get it on the shiz bread. Word.

PEPPER POINTS: For Breaking Bad. Seriously?! WHAT?!

22/30 or something. Cornucopia. Oh right. Mentioned that.笑
3.5 stars. Cheap, tasty and fast service during the weekday lunch hour. The clientele when I was there skewed towards high school due to University of Toronto Schools just around the corner. There was also a smattering of university-aged folks waiting for their tasty sandwiches. Get there before the kids roll in around 1245PM.

The tender rib sandwich on wheat bread sat well with me. The cheese gave it the right about of gooey stickiness, and the tomato gave it just that touch of refreshing juice to balance out the rich sandwich. I would come back for another try at the other items on the menu.笑
Say Cheese is a great lunch place.
It is very close to work so I have eaten there several times now.

I have had the Nacho Libre, Philly Cheesesteak, Pulled Pork with Mac'n cheese.
My favorite of these 3 is the Philly. I love the rye bread too, you get to pick between white, whole wheat, and rye. 

To keep it simple, it is good and creative grilled cheese for a decent price. It is very fast so its good if you are on the go. The wood planks that the sandwich is served on is a nice touch if you ask me. 

Recommended for a neat twist on a grilled cheese, and a quick stop for lunch if you're in the area. 

Asked about the check-in free side deal that I have seen mentioned, they no longer participate in that.

Give it a try, for less than $10 with a drink, you won't leave unhappy.笑
This place actually deserves 3.5 stars. I went for lunch since it close to my office. They only make grilled sandwiches and they have a good variety of them. 
MENU (I hope I remember the prices correctly)
The menu is very simple and all based on different types of grilled sandwiches: they have 5 /6 "special" sandwiches ($5.99 each). these are more gourmet combinations like pulled pork mac and cheese or the BBQ beef and kimchi. Another group of "simpler" sandwiches ($4.99 each), you can get the classic grilled sandwich (just cheese for 3.99). They also have only 4 sides but I don't remember them because I didn't order any.
FOOD
The "special" combinations are very creative and they combine unusual and unexpected flavors. I ordered the BBQ Korean beef with Kimchi and Mozzarella. I was hoping for the kimchi to be a bit spicier (just personal taste) but it was very good. The beef was well seasoned and the mozzarella was perfectly melted. my BIGGEST concern is about the portion size, it was too small, way too small!! 
AMBIANCE
My order was"to go" but the room is large though dark. Plenty of tables to sit but there was a "cooking oil" smell due to their open kitchen concept

I love the creativity of the sandwiches combinations, good flavors, low prices and fast services. Coming back here.笑
Funny that other reviewers mention Breaking Bad being on. When I went in, Breaking Bad was playing too! While the decor is pretty awful (come on Say Cheese, you can do better!), the food is actually pretty darn tasty! 

I had the grilled cheese with avocado and was pleasantly surprised. I wasn't expecting much based on the appearance of Say Cheese but it was really yummy. And pretty cheap too. I'd go back!笑
Say Cheese rocked my world.  I'm not big on eating grilled cheese, but when I walked past this place it just smelled SO GOOD I had to go in.  Great outdoor and indoor seating with free wifi.  A menu of a dozen different kinds of sandwiches with some tasty looking sides.  I ordered the italian grilled cheese and it was a GREAT choice.  Service was awesome (you order, sit down and they bring it to you).  They serve their sandwiches on a fun little cutting board.  Highly recommended!笑
At this very moment I am eating the pulled pork and mac n cheese grilled cheese. I am in heaven. It is absolutely glorious! I cannot wait to try the rest.笑
saw this resturant on "you gotta eat here" 
definatlty no disappointment 
ample cheese and awesome flavors
good seating area, great design
fast quick and cheap food 
my only complaint is the lack of beverages笑
This place always hits the spot. My 2 favourites are the Bulgogi with Kim Cheese, and the Sweet Swine FTW!笑
I was researching some of the grilled cheese places in Toronto and came across Say Cheese! It was conveniently located less than a block away from Woodsworth Residence so I thought i'd give it a try.

I was a little reluctant after hearing a friend say that it wasn't good, but boy was she wrong. I tried the pulled pork mac n cheese and it was absolutely amazing.

The pork is so tender, perfectly grilled and I don't know what cheese is on there but it is absolutely a must try. It was empty when I went in there so I got my order in quick, went home and it was still very very hot. 

The salad is nothing special but it was a good add-on.

It cost about 7 dollars for the grilled cheese and the salad. I went in between the times 4:20-4:50 like people said but I didn't get a deal unfortunately.

However, if you stop by this little cafeteria-like place, you must stop in and try it! I'm definitely going back to try the other ones.

I also got a coupon - buy one sandwich get one free after I ordered!笑
Oh I just love the sandwiches because I love cheese so much! I ordered the pork one, I cannot remember the exact name. The pork tastes great, and with some cheese added on it is just awesome! I also had potato salad, which is also great! Will definitely go again!